Hey I'm 23F ENFJ as well (: Hello!Fe is almost a navigational trait. I personally am always 3 steps ahead of the present time. I can navigate or manipulate social settings to produce the outcome that I favor subtly. We are good at understanding and appealing to what people want to hear all the while still pushing things in the direction we desire. 

I don't know if it's an extremely different behavior.. but I've always found it interesting how introverted I am upon meeting someone. I like to analyze people until I know how to effectively communicate with them. After that though, I am really extroverted in my relationships. 

I can't say I have a personal definition for sensitive, but I do cry often. I'm very sentimental, but I think that has a lot to do with being an empath, not sure if that's related to ENFJ as a whole. I wouldn't consider myself overly-sensitive, but when something does make me sad/happy/angry I am 0-100 real quick and committed to that emotion. 

Being social... I think I'm still figuring this out. Honestly a quick wave is 'being social' to me, but I LOVE my personal space and alone time.  Really any interaction with something else that lives in any way shape or form would be socialization to me. Watching Shameless (season 6) and texting/tweeting/snapping with a few long distance friends &amp; family. It's on Netflix and it's hilarious! 

Yes &amp; they absolutely fascinate me, I've experimented with many. I am very introspective, and I like accessing parts of my brain I might not be able to access without the help of psychedelics. I live in Colorado, so I use marijuana often. I've had many an LSD, and mushroom trip. Ketamine, DMT, Opium, MDMA Moonrock, and I've tried a few other prescription stimulants, benzos, muscle relaxers. 

The only thing I use regularly is marijuana. Totally fascinated with all of it though. The come up, the effect, the inner dialogue, the come down..

The only one of these that is TOO much for me is DMT. On any drug I like to keep one foot anchored in reality and that's near impossible. Here to shut down that random youtube theory....


117lbs (5'7")Just curious if this is common for the type, or just my own brain chemistry. How do you combat it if so?


High functioning anxiety explained by someone more eloquent than myself: 

"By all accounts, from the outside it seemed like my life was filled with achievement and perfectionism.

What went on behind the scenes was quite the opposite: Nervous habits like biting the inside of my lip until it bled. Peeling my nails. Constantly combing my fingers through my hair. Toe-tapping – always toe-tapping. Clenching my jaw to the point I was unable to eat. Waking up with balled up fists.

What people didn’t see was that the first five minutes or so after an exam was issued, I sat still in my seat, unable to even write my name on my paper. They didn’t see the minutely detailed sticky notes on my desk that listed out exactly what I was to do each day. They didn’t see my tears when I failed to make a checkmark next to every item on that list. They didn’t see the way I mentally beat myself up when I was unable to solve a complicated physics problem – and questioned myself on why I was so dumb. They couldn’t see the way I felt like all the blood was draining out of my body each time I was about to get a paper or exam back with a letter grade. They didn’t see how I became anxious at the very thought of becoming anxious."
I'm ENFJ. I enjoy being ENFJ. I like people and they like me. I just wish I didn't care so much in certain situations or blame myself for things when i'm not the one to blame.I'd love to find out if I had the opportunity to meet more people of my type. *Just a little hard to find ya know*Slightly more uncommon than other types. I think INFJ's are the most uncommon though.I've been with an ENFJ woman before, so not ALL of them are men. ENFP?

INFP girl. Sucks that she lives in another state, but I can see why ENFJ and INFP personalities work so well together. hiThe ENFJ population is so tiny. I'm always excited when i'm scrolling through and finally see another one :')&gt;All types can work.

I'd like to argue this statement thoughFrom my personal experience....

ENFJ + INFP = Good

ENFJ + ENFJ = Good for a little, but then slowly deteriorates

ENFJ + ENFP = It feels refreshing, and everything works out really well, but there is an emotional connection that doesn't click.

ENFJ + INFJ = Not bad, haven't tried on a relationship level, but friendship level it works pretty fucking great 

Overall, I feel like all types can technically work together on a friendship level, some more than others...., but all types can work on an emotional based relationship level.ENFJ here. Enough said. K love u bye
yes yesss. love that song. 

you might like Cigarettes After Sex. all of their songs are solid gold. haven't we all at some point or another? hahaThis is why I advocate for couples who share the same second letter in their MBTI type.

Of course two mature, developed people can carry on in a beautiful, healthy relationship, but from what I've noticed personally and as an outsider looking in, relationships seem to come easier when you take in your information in similar ways... SO, since none of that applies to you directly, I do think it's something you should keep in mind.



He, like me, being an NF, may tend to do this *thing* to where we inadvertently think our partners/close friends/family can intuitively pick up on what we're thinking and/or feeling.


Just ask him to be more specific. When he says you did something wrong, tell him he should've been more specific. 


He seems to be highly intuitive. Hence the reading the body language of a bird! *PHANTOM*

white X6 
*looks like a panda*


**Goin' out like I'm Montana**

Hundred killers, hundred hammersI've provided a link and two excerpts that helped me understand.





[This](http://psychologyjunkie.com/2015/08/10/the-magic-and-mystery-of-introverted-intuition/).




Below is an overview taken from [here](http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/06/if-youre-confused-about-your-myers-briggs-personality-type-read-this-an-intro-to-cognitive-functions/).

**Introverted Intuition (Ni):**

Introverted intuition forms a framework of how the world works based on thorough, abstract analysis of past and current events. It aims to identify the ‘essence’ of ideas, theories, people and situations in order to fit them into a larger schema. Introverted intuition is a forward thinking function that seeks to identify the optimal or most likely outcome of future events.

People who lead with introverted intuition are usually intense, focused and highly perceptive of inconsistencies that arise in their external environment. They enjoy riddles, puzzles and wordplay. They often experience ‘hunches’ or ‘aha’ moments that they may identify as epiphanies. Their intense foresight is a product of their future-oriented introverted intuition subtly pairing with their inferior extroverted sensing.





Took this from [here](http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/), another article from Though Catalog. 

**Dominant Introverted Intuition:**
*INTJ, INFJ*
As a dominant function, Ni manifests as a keen perception for the meaningful connections that exist between the thoughts, concepts, events and occurrences in the Ni-user’s environment.

The dominant-Ni monologue:“Everything is interconnected and I must determine the meaning and implication behind those connections.”

**Auxiliary Introverted Intuition**
*ENTJ, ENFJ*
As an auxiliary function, Ni manifests as an understanding of how one ought to go about accomplishing his or her goals, based on a keen intuitive perception of how various courses of action are likely to unfold.

The auxiliary-Ni monologue: “How can I use my intuitive knowledge about how things are connected in order to achieve what I want?”

**Tertiary Introverted Intuition**
*ISTP, ISFP*
As a tertiary function, Ni manifests as the desire to optimize or perfect upon one’s pre-existing talents or skills.

The tertiary-Ni monologue: “How can I improve upon – or even perfect – the approach that I regularly take toward my main passion or interest?”

**Inferior Introverted Intuition**
*ESFP, ESTP*
As an inferior function, Ni originally manifests as a scorn or distaste for over-analyzing what is obvious or over-planning for the future.

As inferior introverted intuition matures, the user may find themselves developing a keen ‘hunch’ for the way things are bound to unfold in the future and will enjoy entertaining these ideas.

The inferior-Ni monologue (prior to maturation):“Everyone needs to stop over-analyzing everything, the answers are literally right in front of us.”No, you're right. Those misconceptions can bet very misleading- and frankly, just silly- causing people to not take the study of cognitive functions seriously. Also, each of those *things* could be logically explained. I love what this site has to offer on the MBTI types. They range from fun little things pertaining to our types to serious, well-researched facts and ideas. I definitely credit most of my knowledge of the types to this site :) 

*once you get passed the sappy poems..... one of mine was featured on there, so I can't complain*I couldn't agree more. I've gotten to the point where I just use my psychic skills to help me avoid encounters that could potentially lead to those snark, ill informed comments from those pretentious trolls. 


That's why we're the innovators. We're the ones who keep the world running *smoothly*.haha enjoy :) 

I spent days on it when I first discovered it. I was truly captivated. 

yes yes yessssyes, I would love to see this* how to distinguish the types in order to type yourself and others
* interviews each of the 16 types (if you need an ENFJ via skype or phone call, I'm here!)
* comparing and contrasting healthy and unhealthy types (Ghandi and Hitler were both INFJs)
* banter is always nice :poh my gosh. yes. that one, a few years ago. I listened for weeks and weeks. *love* that freakin song. 



*life's too short to even care at all. woo-ooh. losin' my mind, losin' my mind, losin' con-tro-O-ol* I enjoyed taking this!Rather than taking the online tests (which I find unreliable in most cases), try looking at the cognitive functions and see which applies to you. Here's what helped me: [Scattered Brain Tumblr](http://the-scattered-brain.tumblr.com/page/2).As an ENFJ, I adore the INxJ's :)Supposedly couples with the same function in a different order tend to be more psychologically compatible. 

Here's a [Youtube Video](https://youtu.be/oe1kQqWNSyY) that helped me understand. It's not me, but if I find him, I'll definitely post it!not *quite*.

watch this [one](https://youtu.be/ZbLs-dswhrc).I found this quite humorous. It's not that we're truly flawless, we just innately put forth a huge effort to be perceived that way. It has something to do with your self-worth and being perfectionists. 

[This will help you see the ENFJ behind the facade.](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/29057-introverted-thinking-form-inferior-efjs.html)what hobbies are they?heyyyy!I adore INTJs for the simple fact that you're everything I'm not while still maintaining a sort of common ground. You guys are very complimentary to us and trigger our curiosities. 

MBTI helped me better understand myself. Aristotle said, "knowing thyself is the beginning of all wisdom." I now know how to use my strengths and how to better reach my fullest potential. Through that, I can better serve others.&gt; Habits

People-pleasers, Senses Emotions in Others

&gt; Behavior

Charming, Warm

&gt; Body Language

Confident, Open

&gt; Speech

Motivational, Encouraging

&gt; Other

Future-Oriented, Traditional


&gt; Popular People

Oprah, MLK, Dick Van Dyke, Fraiser Crane[x] I'm single

[x] I'm between 20 and 30 years

[x] I have always had a knack for a sexy Austrian accent

I tried learning German because I *love* the accents.

&gt; Bonus: what does this approach make you think about me?

My Fe finds you very interesting.

My Ni sees potential.

My Se told me to type this.

My Ti assigned you to a particular *secret* category. 
Because we're very people-oriented, our prime focus is helping you thrive. We thrive when you thrive and it's because of our Dominate Extroverted Feeling. 

It definitely applies to me personally. Without even realizing it, we pick up on cues from people that tell us which ways better influence you. We pick up on your body language and try to become what you need us to be. It's a subconscious thing, so it comes naturally. 

We're *very* sensitive to negativity. Especially towards us because our main focus is to please you. If someone is negative towards one of us, we feel as if we failed, so we take it hard. No matter the type of criticism. 

Developing a front- as if we weren't hurt by it- is quite a task. We cope by either trying to ignore it by shifting focus, or discussing it further to get a better understanding of where the person is coming from (or how they came to their decision).

I love introverts because they give us a needed balance and other intuitives because they tend to give us the *depth* we need. 

Anyone who's willing to be vulnerable and connect on a deeper level, I will be attracted to- whether romantically or not. My Ti thinks is very strange that you'd put your personal information out there in the open. Ti questions your veiws privacy. Ti is inferior for a reason.anytime :)I judged you because of that. Thanks for the clarification.~~I revoke my judgements.~~

I'm passing very good judgements.*My* Fe causes me to constantly be conscious of others. Happiness is connecting with someone. Bliss is watching them thrive.

We love gathering people, introducing friends to each other in hopes of creating more harmony and a happy community. 

My most different behavior than other ENFJ's might be my recharge time. I don't *require* much to function. 

*Sensitive* means easily affected. I'm not as emotionally sensitive (to negativity/criticism) as I used to be. I only cry when my Ni sees no hope. *Sentiment*, to me, is a desire to be liked without having to put in the extra work. But highly empathetic, I definitely am. Your emotions are my emotions- it usually doesn't matter how close we are. 

*Being social* is making known that you're here to help, support, and motivate you if ever you need it. Intimidating but admirable. done. we'll see how this plays out6PM wrap up any existing conversations

7PM food 

7:30PM zone out

8-9PM initiate conversation with a few people while engaging in something passive (Netflix, homework, craft) OR researching/discussing a new theory 

9:15PM initiate bedtime routine 

10PM wrap up any existing conversations

10:15PM zone out (reflect on the day, plan tomorrow's tasks, set goals)

11PM zzzzzzzI've never heard of the show either.....

Because I'm a lady (who values traditional gender roles), I'm *used* to receiving the first move. That's only after I put myself out there as open and available. Basically, if I'm interested, I will make an absolute effort to give you sufficient reason and an opportunity to make a move. If you're obviously introverted and I've decided that *reeeally* like you (rare), I will just come out and say it. 


Marijuana was cool when I was 16-18, but now I'm over it. I've never tried any other drugs besides some kind of pain killer or anti depressant. I was indifferent towards drugs then. 

Now, because I'm so busy and have developed a massive thirst for knowledge and connecting with people, drugs just seem like they'd hinder me. 

Anything I *want* from recreational drugs, I can find elsewhere.....I feel like ENFJs are introverts who NEED personal connections. What I mean by that is, unlike other extroverts, we can go long periods of time alone and not feel all crabby and depressed. We don't need to sit in a bar to feel energized. Just chatting one-on-one can suffice as perfect recharge time. 


With the INFJ, we have the same exact functions, just in a different order. My Fe is yours in overdrive. We're constantly aware of people around us. Our first thoughts are wondering what other's are thinking. It's like our reason for existing is to deeply connect with you in order to see you at your absolute best. 

(btw, it's impossible for me *not* to delve deeper. if you aren't satisfied with these answers, I will gladly elaborate more.)

ENFJs are the teachers, motivators ... master manipulators, and supreme con artists. No other type can delve into your psyche like we can. No other type will truly value your innermost being as much as we do. No other type will make you feel like a god like an ENFJ.that's exactly how it sounds in each of our heads. we were programmed that way. My first impression of you is extrovert. Not because you're obviously friendly and outgoing (I know plenty of outgoing introverts), but because 1. how quickly you responded 2. the length (amount) of your response 3. you voiced your inner thoughts unfiltered/as they were......

I sense the Ni as well, based off your curiosity to understand yourself and other ENFJs. Another Ni sign is your theory of possibly being an extrovert and delve deeper by exploring possible concepts. And based on your personal consideration of your ex's and bf's opinion, I see it as a strong indicator of Fe. 


Fe = people, being accepted 

Ni = future, predictions 

**people + future = forming and maintaining long term relationships**


acceptance + predictions = what can I say or do/ how should I act that'll help me make it through this thing called life?give her a reason to be optimistic ;)planning is in my DNA! I feel as if my life would be in shambles if I didn't have some kind of control over my future. It's a terrible thing actually. 

As long as I'm around level-headed people, we're completing a task towards a goal, and just over all having a light, jolly time, THAT is the perfect definition of fun!Oh perceivers. Folks who drive me up the wall, but thrill me unlike any other.

J's need control. P's need freedom.
J's need security. P's need excitement.

P's are a bit more fearless and that's admirable. 

We're alike in so many ways. People oriented, a bit needy, quite picky, goal driven, see the world as a place full of endless possibilities. My former best friend was an ESFJ. Planned and structured, too. She couldn't see long-term like I could and it was frustrating (although, she'd never be able to tell because of my flawless facade). Thanks for asking :)Based on your structure, context, and the content, my guess would be INTJ.


Ni + Te = your insight of the and how you're carrying it out (your monetary skills, university plans, awareness of the future, wanting to influence the world) 

Fi = personal values, self-determined sense of right and wrong (the sympathy you have for your brother, being hardworking)

Se = hunger for facts, data, and/or tangible experiences (the gf thing, interest in philosophy and the sciences)


*I'll gladly elaborate more if you need me to.*Fe: Let me love you.

Fi: Love me.

Ne: What is love? *... baby don't hurt me ...*

Ni: What if you loved me?

Se: We love each other. 

Si: Is this love?

Te: How can I love?

Ti: You're all doing it wrong.1.) Automatic detection and analysis of each human being within a 10-15ft. radius. 

2.) Begin categorization. Separate known subjects from strangers (which break off into several thousand sub categories). 

3.) Greet each known subject depending on category. Make an effort to widen the known:unknown ratio by greeting a minimum of two strangers. Introverted subjects values are doubled.

4.) Determine each individual need by asking off-the-wall questions.

5.) Fulfill said needs, NO MATTER THE COST.

6.) Mission accomplished. Refuel. Repeat.



*As told by an ENFJ college student.*Think of understanding something so much that you can practically embody it. 

We feel oh so deeply on our own, and we're highly in touch with our feelings. Because we're so strongly aware of each emotion, it's easier to recall a particular time we've felt it or was close to someone who has.Excuse me for finding this quite precious. Someone I adore is also an INTJ, but assumed he was an "F" because he was able to feel so deeply. 

Remember, the T/F slot is about how you make decisions. Simple as that. 

Being emotionally stable and empathetic are signs of good mental health. 

Being perceptive of someone's personality after knowing them is more of a Ni thing. 


All in all, those *feelings* are very natural. You're a classic, healthy INTJ.I've got all weekend ;) 

My sister is an ISTP. I can get along with absolutely any type, but the Sensors I have smaller capacities for. Only because I have to "translate" my intuition into something more sensible. 

My sister, and other ISTPs don't really need much "translation". It's like you guys already get it (however ridiculous it may be). You guys are very sane, practical, and truly our missing link.120lbs. (5'3")

Hardly offended (at this point in my life)

I have no idea- where do you get this conclusion?NT's seem to feel somewhat comfortable around me. Introverted rationalists even more so. The rationalists are intimidating because you guys are the only ones we don't really have to "simplify" ourselves to communicate with you. You exercise our minds, challenge us, thrill us, and because of this, we're more likely to be attracted to you.

&gt; It's like I produce and she refines.

Yes. This epitomizes the relationship between rationalists and idealists. Very complimentary to each other due to the fact that we have what you want (support, encouragement) and you have what we want (our source back to reality, a logical translation of the mess inside our heads). You guys *get it* even when we don't quite get it. 


My advice to you would be to maintain that common intuitive ground. You already, naturally have what it takes to compliment us- don't over analyze it.

If you're looking to get a bit closer to one, my biggest suggestion would be this:

We feed off of emotional vulnerability (share a worry, ask advice), so showing a bit that will flag you as someone to pay attention to or someone worth listening to. 



*If you need me to go on, or have a specific question, please don't hesitate to ask.*He looks like my creepy uncle, so I can't quite give you an unbiased opinion. It was to help form your imagination (in case you need it for future reference). 

That was a really interesting post! I've seen one like that of faces for the countries of the world. It's super neat.Unless she's unhealthy (thanks for her inferior Ti), you will never be judged. We're too empathetic. 

Remind her why you feel valued by her. "Words of Affirmation" is our Love Language. What may sound cheesy to you, sounds like perfect bliss to us. There is no such thing as too many compliments. But, quality may trump quantity depending on how sociable she is.

Me, I'm out interacting constantly. I get to a point where I can predict what compliments I'm about to receive and (although very flattered) I just brush them off. 

It's the specific, unexpected compliments that truly get my attention. **We can sense disingenuous compliments and when we do, we revoke all trust.** Also, avoid compliments on looks, unless you want her to fall in love with you lol ...


**In order to meet an ENFJ's mental needs, you'll have to give her what she lives for, which is to assist you in some way.** 

Her essence is defined by:

1.) Her capacities of being able to help you- be it as big as achieving a goal or as small as cheering you up.

2.) Your closeness. She will mirror you in this area. The more open and vulnerable you are, the more safe she will feel and will open up in return. (Asking her simple personal questions like favorite things and asking her to explain why is a good start.)

3.) Your perception of her. If she can truly *feel* that you're positively influenced by her, she will thrive. 




*I can go on more if you need me to! Just ask.*

&gt; it just feels like I'm benefiting from her help

Think of it as some sick fetish we have. You benefitting from us contributes to our satisfaction. (BTW this is all on a personal level. It's different for colleagues and people you don't have an emotional tie to.) 



As for her, ENFP types have a hard time leaving relationships because she believes she can make it better. She hates conflict, so she may tend to avoid it. She might think she can *inspire* him to treat her better and so on. Little does she know, that's not how it works...


If I were in that situation, I would want my rationalist friend to help me see the more *rational* outcome. 

The best way, as to reduce the obvious conflict, I'd start asking her questions that'll help her realize that not everything is peachy keen and time *is* of the essence. 

She will appreciate the fact that you're considering her situation- not for your own pleasure but for the sake of her well-being. You saying, "take his side" could sound like indifference to her. Sit her down and explain your beef, and be as logical about it as possible. Their break up is inevitable. Start preparing for it. Make known your concern now, so when it all comes falling apart, she won't blame herself (because she WILL and it's going to tear her apart). 

&gt; I try to avoid the question as much as possible because as I said before, I don't want her under any circumstances to take my side if by some ungodly terrible stroke of misfortune, she does get herself involved in it.

Stop avoiding the situation, as to not mislead her. She will get involved- some how, some way. Is there any way you can cushion the fall? 


*Drama*. It happens to those who care the most.


[This](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFP_rel.html) is the most accurate in depth description of an ENFP. I think it'll help you get into her head a little.


Private message me if you need more help or have more questions :) I'm here and rooting for you!It's my absolute pleasure. 

Please, if it's not too much to ask, please keep me informed on how things play out.I'm here if you ever need more :)Yes. 



Also, I read somewhere that Christ was an INFJ. Ever since then, I've been trying to type Him. Then I realize I'm insane, so I never get to a (semi)rational conclusion.It's like I can't and it's quite frustrating. I can't even consciously remember what I had for dinner last night, let alone romantic experiences, or memories of my parents still being married. 


My memories are preserved by pictures, journal entries, and stories friends and family tell.


It's like all my thoughts are inherently future oriented, so I forget to "stop and smell the roses". Everyone thinks I just can't recall facts- which I can. I just need a reason to. Like birthdays, I have a strong ability to recall dates because I'm *looking forward to* those events. give an example?Same here. When I struggle to recall a fact, I often as "how did I react?" or (because of my Fe) "who was there?" to jog my memory.
If asked how I coped with the divorce (I was 4), I would think about how I felt around that age and the few years to follow. 

I remember singing a lot (something you do when you're happy) and daddy's little girl (admiration = no resentment). I have old school reports from 1998-2000 teachers saying saying I excelled. So that's how I'm able to assume I coped well. No practical, vivid memories or experiences. 


&gt; As long as you're interested something (at the moment, more often than not, compared to the long term), you'll probably remember it?

I wouldn't say definitely, but the more purpose or significance it has to me, the better chance it has of sticking. If I have (or sense potential of it having) some sort of benefit, I will hang on to it. 


For example, my Fe dom uses this a lot when talking to people. I remember concepts, ideas, even basic likes and dislikes of people in order to better help me build a relationship with them (mostly colleagues and classmates). In those situations, my memory excels.



*Don't get me started on the pros and cons of having a Ni dom/aux as a SO* I don't blame you one bit. My dad's an ESFP and I just ..... *can't*. 
Plus, with the functions we do share, it's like his are more extreme. 

So I can imagine it's nearly excruciating for you.Is it solely an attraction to their demeanor? Or were you just fortunate enough to only encounter genetically blessed ESFPs?is there anything in particular that you just totally despise?


I personally *love* them. Of course, they can be cold and distant, but overall they have an admirable outlook on life. It's deeply attractive.**F** is for friends who do stuff together....😔 I was hoping you knew [it](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KqhfLTsEeZg).haha. look at them as INFJ failures. 

*"how NOT to INFJ"*It's almost like it's inevitable. I'm so sorry you have to endure that :( May I ask what city? 


Luckily I have ultimate control of our finances, but that still doesn't help the situation since he's dead set on "having faith."I can't relate to any of the descriptions I received :/He wants to go out and see the scenery, feel the air, blah blah blah. It's not what's causing him to wing it, it's just making the whole impulsive thing worse.So much easier said than done. What you said here is EXACTLY what I want to do. I just don't know *how*. 

Like what words can be said to open his eyes and see whats going on. He needs stats or something. Idk.The quality of the compliment depends on the person giving it. 


The more honest, genuine, intelligent the person is, the stronger affect the compliment has on me. Even if it's just, "I can tolerate you."Nietzsche would be proud. I can dig it.^ I agree with this 100%I've never tested as my type. Those tests are BS. Forget the letters and start with determining your [cognitive functions](http://az616578.vo.msecnd.net/files/2015/11/20/6358360012713123181189749044_IMG_8336.PNG). [Here's an intro.](http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/06/if-youre-confused-about-your-myers-briggs-personality-type-read-this-an-intro-to-cognitive-functions/) Let me know what you come up with and I'll help guide you alone the way.



**Step 1:** Determine extroversion or introversion for each letter.

[Reference](http://www.personalityhacker.com/wp-content/uploads/personality-hacker_cognitive-function-cheat-sheet.jpg)


T - e or i

F - e or i

S - e or i

N - e or i



**Step 2:** Determine the order (or stack). 


[Reference](http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/)
Besides someone hurting you, does anything else trigger this? I spend more time in the INxx subs more than my own!what's your type?she is a lucky woman.I have no idea why, but I found this oddly appealing. Do closet narcissists attract closet narcissists? There's no way you're worse than I am. I want to see more faces here!

[Your typical ENFJ.](http://imgur.com/a/OKRWY)

after a while, they all sort of look the sameis that Peyton Manning? 😂Detach yourself from the world and literally question everything.because you guys are fascinating. you spark my curiosity In my honest opinion, I think it's better to fake empathy than portray no emotion at all- unless you just aren't good at faking it. As much as I hate how we do it to each other, I find it necessary in order to maintain harmony and connections. 

Technically I'm "faking it" to preserve their comfort around me. To not fake it seems selfish. I already feel bad enough for being incapable of feeling, so it seems as if we're doing the world a favor with this wretched facade. 

^  Please try to persuade me otherwise if you think this is totally wrong. 

funny because there I was sitting right outside a Catholic Church and this was taken around the time I almost joined a convent. What about a writer whose words might've captivated you? Or maybe the melody of a particular song? 


In other words (for the sake of my unsatisfied curiosity), by what means were you most recently captivated? After the demise of my most recent infatuation, I noticed a man who looked completely identical to the guy I once adored. I know it seems silly but it really threw me for a loop. I didn't know if I was hallucinating or what, but I seriously question my sanity because of it. He deserves a larger legacy. No other man has impacted modern society as he did and yet I sit here ashamed for only discovering him now.o_o literally just messaged you on that other appCould you give an example of bad talkative and good talkative?where does your mind usually drift to?This is my favorite response. mmmmm. yessss. I can only handle them in doses though. It's the deep, super mysterious INTJs that really get me though 😏I find that oddly attractive. Don't ask why. most extroverted *I* \- INFP: Quite vocal with sharing newfound thoughts and views. (or INFJ's once you break down the walls....)

most introverted *E* \- ENTJ: Usually the most observant of all the extroverts. More prone to taking a backseat to analyze and observe.

most extroverted *E* \- ESFP: Can literally talk about anything and everything to anyone with ears and thrives off of it.

most introverted *I* \- INTJ: Too busy thinking to be bothered with anything even remotely social.For me: Chet Faker - I'm Into You


The lyrics were relatable to the situation I was in. Also, it had a very relaxed/mellow vibe without making me feel all melancholic and drained.

24HR UPDATE: Do you ever crave a song? Here's my new "addiction": [The xx - Angels](https://youtu.be/a_8xZScvtRA). It's one I keep coming back to.I [ENFJ] ask because I've been feeling very introverted for the past few months. I've been *needing* more alone time to process my new abundance of thoughts. 

It's like people are no longer thrilling me, instead they just irritate me. Curious about Fe? Ni? Idealist? Feelers?


Need help trying to get an ENFJ's attention? 


Have you ever wondered why we do that one strange thing we all seem to do?


No boundaries. Ask away!For example, ENFJ and ISTP or INTJ and ESFP.

Personal experiences welcome.

If you've yet to meet one, what conclusions or expectations do you have? Would you have any reservations?Whether romantically or not. Set the scene; give vidid details. 



If for some reason not IRL, what separated them from the others?More specifically the excessively talkative ones.
I don't think that anybody claimed that every single human being could be categorized into 16 distinct types. Yes.Most people (like me) accept it through personal experience. Therefore, we cannot prove it to you. :3No? I don't care if others believe in MBTI. I've seen the repeated behaviour so that's enough personal evidence for me.A true victim of masc for masc, aye?Interesting... I wonder if we can see if fraternal birth order would make a different here too!LOL a sensor wants to wing it!? Seems odd to me. Show his this anecdote here perhaps. Maybe he'll change his mind.How does one's musical interests have relevance to their MBTI type?So because a particular genre of music is played in clubs, and introverts as a whole don't prefer clubs as much, then they'll be less likely to prefer that genre of music that also just so happens to be popular and on the radio often...?I'm not at all.Sounds about right.Most people who claim to have trypophobia don't have it. It's normal to be disgusted by holes in a human's body.

Someone with trypophobia could, for example, have a panic attack upon seeing someone eat macaroni.Honestly...? Claymation and clay figurines (except those that are *extremely well-made;* I was fine watching Wallace and Gromit). This also later expanded to snowmen. :(

When I have a shower, I sometimes fear that a giant claymation thing will attack me and render me helpless. I become paranoid and constantly check behind the curtain, under cups, in cupboards, etc.

When I'm walking my dogs in the Winter and see a snowmen, I will avoid them or just stop. I fear that if I go too close, the snowman will attack me. I have also run into the middle of the road as to avoid them.

Oddly enough, I somehow managed to suppress the phobia for a claymation project in seventh grade. I don't know how it happened.Because if we didn't limit it to a fixed number of types, we'd have 7,000,000,000+ types which would make it *useless.*Eww. 16Personalities said that I was an INTP...

After I checked the ENFP profile, it said that ENFPs are people-pleasers too.Why aren't you using any capital letters?Writing outside of common practice makes it more slow for others to read. I shouldn't have to use mental power to understand what you're saying. I should save that energy for thinking about the actual content. :P&gt;bc its the internet n also i bc

That slows me down. I still don't know what the "i" is supposed to mean. :PBe brave enough to expose your unpopular opinions. :)&gt; and known I'm an INTJ, but I am lost whenever people start using these labels.

You're certain that you're an INTJ but don't know a single cognitive function...?

How's your self-esteem overall?...

Give a general answer or answer in more specific bits. I don't know which questions to ask. :PDo more research. You lack knowledge of MBTI if you're asking, "How am I feeling?" instead of asking, "How am I a Fi-Dom?"

Google "Cognitive Functions."&gt; I think it's dated and based on an unrealistically romantic view of relationships and sex

Part of it is based on the fact that girls were getting married at younger ages, like 13, 14, 15, when they were super fertile.You called someone a creep and told them to drop dead. You're clearly the childish one, *honey.*&gt; It's akin to buying a car without taking it for a test drive. Sure, you might get lucky, but why take the risk when the stakes are so high?

A car's purpose is to drive. Nobody's purpose is to have sex.That has to do more with sharing the same morals and values. It's a bit like how many won't marry outside of their religious group.

Either way, that's definitely not a super common thing. lolMhm. Have you read about European history before?Maybe not *super* fertile, but they wanted children earlier and whatnot.Not wanting to socialize doesn't mean you're an introvert. I never go out of my way to meet up with friends in real life and I'm pretty sure that I'm an ENFP.I feel a bit uncomfortable doing this, but I'll name some.

Honesty.

Consistency.

Chastity.

Light stoicism.

Some independence.

Positivity.

Security.

Loyalty.&gt;Try to include assertive or turbulence.

These aren't a thing included in MBTI.lol

It doesn't even fit on any function stacks, regardless of whether they're E I E I, E I e/i I, or E I I I (and swapped E/I).This thread is useless. You already messed up the typing because you more or less *insisted* that you were an I.It still spoils the typing.When someone says something like that, it's​ going to affect the typing process. People don't like offending others very often.How does this person know that they're a Fi/Ti/Si/Ni-dom? You're getting a lack of responses because your formatting is really bad. Some people just can't be bothered to read that.How is person #2 using Fi? If anything, person #1 sounds like Fi and person #2 sounds like Te.&gt;Going against status quo.

Most people don't follow the law *because* it's the law. If anything, they already agree that it's a bad idea or they fear the consequences. Breaking the law isn't going against the status quo. Look at how much people pirate things online or how often minors watch pornography. lol

I say that it's Te because *it is well known a fact* that not everyone responds to alcohol the same way.Town of Salem is great.B bothers me more. They probably don't have a reason to believe what they believe unlike A who probably has a reason for not arguing.

That is, B is likely to be swayed just by tone alone, and if someone is richer or more powerful, they could easily convince B. :SAs an ENFP, I disagree. What if people have very different values? :(Preach. Likewise, *never* going out of your way to connect with people (at least seeing them in real life and not online) to some degree isn't the same thing as introversion.You started a fight and ended it within 10 minutes? Child, please!I agree. Also, since art is often subjective, I don't see how it would lead more to an extroverted function.I laughed at that.Emotional abuse made you go from Fi to Fe?

I'm not buying it. If anything, it would seem like the opposite would be more likely.Quora is awful. Full of teens who are scared of other opinions and people with a fetish for IQ scores.*xDDMy favourite Quora question to this day is "Do Asians have sex?"But why? While the letters *are* somewhat weird, why not just name them after the dominant and then auxiliary function? So...

TeSi
FeSi
SiTe
SiFe

And so on. :PBut is having 1-16 any better? Those would be harder to memorize.And how accessible is the enneagram? lolBut it's silly to have the type name have absolutely no reference to the actual type. Sure, it's a bit like that with enneagram, but those types have *other* names too.We don't call anyone because nobody had authority.Oooh. Cute type names. :) Isn't Fi *pro* gut feelings?No. lol

It doesn't fit into the functions. Just because something is a part of our personality doesn't mean it should fit into MBTI.I am going to be a good time to time as well as the newbies like to eat lunch in the game is at the end of the day.Maybe the Se and Ne comparison is right, but I'm not feeling the Fe and Fi one. His actions aren't exclusive to Fi.*Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding!*Tests suck. Cognitive functions slay.Dichotomies are useless. Gross.LOL I'm an ENFP but being right &gt; being "kind" most of the time.Tests. Aren't. Reliable.LOL Fe isn't always considered good. I often see it portrayed as fake and manipulative.This is just what I've seen others say on Reddit. :PFunctions.Then say Fe-dom and not "l0l hiz extroverted; an E!!" :PI wasn't asking a question. I was making a statement. You know darn well that someone would have mentioned functions when you didn't bring them up (and only brought up a dichotomy).Argue for the dominant function then. :)

Or inferior function maybe. No. He said that he was extroverted which made it look like he was referring to the dichotomies instead of the functions. That's the issue.Statistics on typology are bull. You probably have low self-esteem and are trying to present yourself as special. Knock it off.

EDIT: LOL I came off as really brash. Anyway, if you're special, then you're special regardless of your type. Same if you're not special. Don't box yourself into a type and enjoy it because it's "rare" only to find out that you're another type. You'll be disappointed.Do you know how many noobs are here use the dichotomies? I thought that he was referencing the dichotomies since he mentioned extroversion but no functions. It's slow communication on his part.Official MBTI Step II or whatever types off dichotomies and then also spits out some weird functions. Like a stack would just be F-N-S-T. You should do some more self-reflection. I don't think that you'll make much progress with those results. :SNone because the dichotomies aren't that meaningful.

However, I personally feel that the judging functions make the largest influence on people because it more directly affects others.You're definitely right about having more control over judging functions.Probably Fi or low Fe....

This is like every child.It suggests low Fi and potentially PoLR Fe.LOL

Which weird sources are *you* reading?16Personalities is trash, and I'm certain that you'd get mixed info here.Well, *why* have you narrowed yourself down to those four types? Function-wise, they have nothing in common.MBTI tests are inaccurate. lol

(And in case you're wondering, someone else downvoted you, not me.)I'm an ENFP and Fe is definitely not me. Just because I show empathy doesn't mean that it's Fe.Judging functions. :3Let's critique the sources then.

1) This one uses the dichotomies. *Next!*

2) This one is paid and is geared towards business people. The ideal businessman has a different personality than the ideal businesswoman. That is, the people taking this are more likely to fit these two "ideals," resulting in a natural skew.

3) Uses dichotomies. *Next!*The reason for using the dichotomies is because they're much easier to test.I disagree. The "official" test mistyped me. I'm an ENFP and they said that I was an ENFJ. I am not "warm." I'm more often "cold" or even "hot."&gt;Logic should come naturally for me

Nope. Te isn't about logic.Logic isn't a natural preference for INTJs.*Very* unlikely. Our types are determined at a very young age (by age one or two probably), and since our appearances are also affected by our experiences (hence why "identical" twins can look different), our appearances later on wouldn't be 100% genetics.You're asking for science on a topic that isn't presently scientific. This whole sub is anecdotal. lol

Further, functions don't line up with the Big Five.The thing about having automatic facial expressions, especially if she struggles to control them, is an indication of Fi.Not sure, but I don't specifically see Fe. Fi users can be nice too. :)But how about high Fe against high Fi? Isn't Fi more goal-oriented?I had to downvote this post. It's not MBTI related at all, especially given the fact that you've probably been mistyped.Least favourite function?&gt;I suspect myself to be a filthy Fi user because I often find myself checking in with whether or not my thoughts and actions are in line with my personal sense of ethics

I'm an ENFP and I don't find myself doing this consciously. Something is either good or bad (or neutral). Why? *Because it is.* And guess what? *They're not logical either!* Well, some will be, but that's not *why* they are what they are.Yes. With genuine Fi values (rather, they're moral and not ethics), they just are. lolThat's Fe. Fe does what's best for the group (when working well). Fe users also use Ti; they naturally prefer to use pure logic.

A Fi value could be that drinking alcohol is bad. Why would it value this? *Because it does.* On the other hand, Ti and Fe would argue that a small or medium consumption of alcohol would be okay as long as it doesn't cause issues.

But even then, a Fi user could value small or medium consumption too while using Te as support. It's kind of messy. :PA few ways to rectify this problem.

1) You actually value first and *then* justify. This could be subconscious, hence why you don't see it.

2) You're not a Fi-dom.

3) lol I'm wrong.So then from where do random values come?&gt;I know for sure it is the judging types.

Why? High Fi could be strict. lolI just thought that dudes had longer ring fingers and women had longer pointer fingers. lolSo then this guy's whole thing is bogus.That makes sense. :)Do some research on the cognitive functions and then get back to us.Okay. You are officially a troll.There was probably zero change in type. Let's say that you're an INFP, for instance. Perhaps your Ne wasn't working well. Instead of coming up with a lot of ideas and discarding those that were bad, you just kept getting ideas and daydreaming. Now, you're more organized, you say. Perhaps your Ne (and your other functions) are more able to disregard the bad ideas and focus more.It really is kind of difficult to decide. On one hand, people do act differently before and after receiving some treatment for mental issues and the like. On the other hand, it doesn't explain very well with the functions at all. Why would someone's functions completely swap?

I think that most people would agree that the functions begin to work differently (and hopefully better), but that's not a change in type.I'm an ENFP and I'm also scared of breaking social rules but only if I'm a newcomer.&gt;identify with a certain type

This sub isn't about identity. It's about actuality.Radicalism is getting to the *root* of the problem (hence the word "radical"). So yeah, we need radical behaviour.They're not radical. They're extremists.&gt;Yeah i'm certain I am an Introvert

The dichotomies are pretty useless and have no place in function stacks.Leave this sub. We don't deal with the diechotomies here.Well...

Your functions type won't match up with your dichotomies type. It's possible, but not likely. They're two different models.16P wants to sell you the package. It's all about $$$ for them.Yup. The functions are harder to grasp, making them less marketable to the masses.Wanna know what's no fun?

**Calling someone boring and then having nothing else to say.**This person seems to have lots of interests and is passionate about them. What's boring?You said that they were no fun. Defend that claim properly.Because he's unsure?The *die*chotomies are useless. Use the functions.Did this, although I should note that this sub tends to dislike the *die*chotomies.I know. lolThat's not even a proper stereotype?lol In true ENFP fashion. :)Lazily made video from what I saw. Don't bring up Jung if you're gonna stick to 16P.Said that I was ISTP but I'm ENFP. :XxSFP.

High Se due to lots of physical stimulations involved in the post.

High Fi due to not caring about the law, social etiquette, etc.Drugs, sex, and rock and roll. You've experimented with them all.&gt;since high Fi users usually take much longer to answer while Te users get it done fairly quickly

No...? I tend to answer quickly, and I don't know why Fi would make others take longer to answer.Ti is based around logic.MBTI types are not identity-based.Uhm...

&gt;I always thought NT types would be a solid choice, since they're actually grounded in reality

More than other types? lol

&gt;My family is mostly S types, but they don't really want to debate or discuss anything, they're more focused on regular stuff I guess.

Of course. Parents are *always* sensors. LOLI'm saying that the OP's understanding of Jungian typology is probably shaky.Look at the functions. The diechotomies are useless.&gt;As if I can't spell-check it myself because I'm too dumb.

He never implied that you were dumb. You're not a native English speaker and he probably knew that, and thus asked who spell-checked it for you because your spelling would probably be worse given that English has no consistent spelling rules.

Stop being offended by something that wasn't rude. Grow thicker skin; it'll be necessary if you want to become a writer. :)

Wanna know what would be rude? Intentionally lying to your face or misleading you and setting you up for more hurt in the future. It would also be rude to let a poor spell-checker make you falsely think that incorrect spelling were correct.&gt;ENFP = EP + NF = Feminism???? [help me on this one lmfao]

Nope.I'm still not convinced that the clubs and temperaments are useful or relevant.&gt;S or N has been incredibly hard for me to sort out. I realize that each letter is more like a spectrum, and I'm probably pretty close to 50/50 on this. But there's got to be a preference for one or the other...

I'm not sure why you think that the diechotomies are related to the functions. They're entirely different models.You mentioned the diechotomies but also functions.

They're different models.Feminism isn't necessarily about equality. It depends to whom you're speaking and on which model of feminism.

Like 92% of British women are for equality between the sexes and yet only 7% are feminists.And yet over 85% of British women agree that feminism isn't just about equality. The common perception of third wave feminism in the West isn't positive.

Given that feminism is only a word, its meaning is based on usage, and usage seems to suggest that it might not be all too great.I misspoke earlier, but [here](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/life/only-7-per-cent-of-britons-consider-themselves-feminists) is the article.Feminism is how people describe it. If people started using the word "feminism" to describe an ideology that wanted to kill all black people, then that's what feminism would be.Do you think that most people identify with feminism?

If so, how did Donald Trump win the USA election?

It isn't particularly safe for a political figure to claim to be not a feminist. ANTIFA is a domestic terrorist group.Like 99% of ANTIFA members are feminists.

Also, perhaps your "arguments of feminism" don't include censorship or race-based hiring and whatnot.Okay, but you're a feminist (?) and so are ANTIFA members. You're in the same boat whether you like it or not *because* you identify as a feminist (if you do).ANTIFA members are violent and are authoritarian. They're also feminists.

Also, modern day feminism is authoritarian. lolSo are you a feminist?I'm not trying to start an argument there. What I'm trying to argue is that the label is more risky than it is useful.lol

Good thing that I don't live in the USA.The bipartisanship is awful. People are convinced that 50% of the country is awful and, as a result, are willing to elect rapists and whatnot.Really? Gonna use diechotomies instead of the functions? Boo!Why do you think that he's a Si-dom?lol?

Anger, which is accepted way more in dudes than gals, is one of the only emotions that is accepted as a reason to do bad things.I don't see how those are related to Si.You shouldn't focus on making a shorter test. You should focus on making an *accurate* and *meaningful* test. Your test does neither of these as of now.

And yes. It did mistype me.No. Look into the cognitive functions.Functions.But you can't really compare Samus in a Metroid game to Bowser Jr. in Mario Kart.The goal of Smash is to win fights, yes?

Now what's the goal of living? It varies from person to person.That's true, but I guess that every individual will have a slightly different goal, and so no two individuals can be compared that well.Your post has some flaws.

1) It assumes that testing for functions and dichotomies are the same.

There is no ethical way to scientifically test for functions under our current model of ethics for science.

2) It assumes that functions would sell as well as or better than dichotomies.

Functions are a tougher sell given that they're a whole lot more complex.Functions can only be done over a long period of time, and if people know that we're typing them, there will be too large a bias. Therefore, we'd have to do it *without* their consent.&gt;Why can functions "only be done over a long period of time,"

Because we're looking for natural preferences and because they're hard to detect. A longer period of time allows use to find general patterns.

&gt;with people who don't "know that we're typing them"?

People will want certain functions or, after learning about the functions, be more likely to try to fit a mold.

&gt;And if it's impossible to make the functions any more scientifically respectable than the zodiac, why should an intelligent person pay any attention to them?

It's only impossible to do so *now* because we're too focused on the "ethics" behind it.&gt;And what scientific "ethical" rules are you saying are currently preventing research into the functions, but that you're hoping will be set aside in the future?

One needs consent to do testing on people.&gt; Isn't it pretty crazy to assume that every person can only "do" half of what would be possible in the first place?

I haven't been arguing for that...

&gt;Why do they use anecdotal "evidence" to confirm this model, even though there's absolutely no research that would or could confirm it?

Because we can't "ethically" research it properly.I don't think that tests are a good measure for either dichotomies or functions. It's just that it's accepted that dichotomies use tests while functions don't. Yes, we could do something other than tests for dichotomies, but people don't tend to.

Sorry for the confusion there. I hope that this clears it up a bit.Eh... This website is a dating website that tries to type with as few questions as possible.&gt; It was more philosophical than scientific, which is not to say it isn't a "valid" way of looking at the world.

This.

&gt;I have yet to encounter anyone who can produce a logical reason why the four-letter Myers-Briggs would be related 1-to-1 with the "function stacks."

*This!*Yes. lolIt probably doesn't have an affect on what your personality type is given that it's determined by a young age.

Most influences from a zodiac type (and by that, I mean the differences between being born in January verses December) don't occur until around age 10 or something. For example, a hockey player born in January is going to be one of the oldest on his/her team. Therefore, he/she is gonna have more opportunities to become team captain, be a better player, etc. Contrast this with someone born in December who is one of the younger players.

This could influence one's functions in specific ways. For example, since January babies are more likely to be team captain, they may be more open about giving direct orders or sharing their feelings or something. Likewise, someone who is younger on the team would probably be less likely to express these feelings, I think.&gt;Sasha Velour - INTJ

LOL The pretentiousness of her reeks of bad INTJ.Ask them if they can describe all eight functions. If they can't, then they're just poorly informed.They're separate models completely.No? High Fi can easily say, "Certainty of the many if best. I'll sacrifice one based on..."

Same with with Ti. "Logically, risking 50 additional lives is dumb, and so..."Really? The diechotomies...?I don't see how a personal type being flexible makes it any better. If anything, it makes it worse because there's less concrete to it.ENFP. I don't swear at all. I sometimes get upset when others swear, but mostly when it's directed at others.

I think that people who are like, "Destigmatize swearing!" are complete morons.Because they're asking to limit people's ways of expression through words.

Gross.No. As in people wouldn't have stronger words with which to express themselves. We'd eventually just resort to violence probably. lolNot at all. 

1) Diechotomies are crap and are way more prone to stereotyping then the functions.

2) Emotions are often very basic logic. That is, if I say that something will make me feel happy, it's probably logical to do that. lol1) Because you thing focuses on the diechotomies and not the functions.

2) True. lol1) Yes? Do you know what the functions are? Function stack?&gt; ethics driven

Ethics is Fe. Morals is Fi.Ethics and morals are similar but ethics are more broad/universal while morals are more specific.

Also, things that are "unethical" almost always have a victim of sorts whereas that's not always the case with "immoral" things.Because Te has *nothing* to do with logic and Fe and Fi also have *nothing* to do with emotions, nor are Se and Si about being pragmatic nor are Ne and Ni about being dreamers.&gt;Fi "Thus people with a dominant Introverted Feeling function will normally be making decisions based on emotions rather than objective facts and data." Not emotions?

This alone is telling that your source is utter crap. Fi is about individual values. *Everyone* is gonna make decisions based on emotions to varying degrees. Few will weight it lightly.

&gt;Se "Extraverted Sensors see, feel, touch, smell, and listen to everything that is going on in the external world." Not pragmatic?

No. It's only dealing with exists currently as defined here. It's not dealing with would could happen or what has happened.

&gt;Ni "allow the user to get a better sense of the “big picture of things” and what steps to take to get the desired outcome." Not dreamy?

This is actually pragmatic as crap. It's dealing with the *root* of the problem and desires to fix it.How about correcting me instead of being rude? lol&gt;unlike Fi which is individualistic and doesn’t care if they are accepted or not, 

Wrong.&gt;All it does is judge the emotional value of whatever information it takes in according to how the subject feels about it.

Therefore, it will act in accordance to he individual's values whether obvious or not.&gt;It doesnt "act" at all because its a cognitive process not a behavior.

Personifi*bloody*cation. lol

Also, judging is acting. =)

You're arguing semantics here. lelYou can say that it "doesn't act," but for most intents and purposes, it does. It makes a judgement call which then makes us act.&gt;Feeling is exclusively about "value" in terms of liking/disliking and contextualizing that like/dislike.

This is so true. We don't flip back and forth between liking and disliking many things.Not quite? We're arguing whether Fi is based on values or not. Actually, maybe you're right?

I'm arguing that, yes, emotions are a part of Fi, but that these emotions inherently manifest into a set of values.None because why would I have a spirit animal if I'm not an Indigenous American?&gt;ENFP - cereal milk, froot loops probably

My name is Loop and I'm an ENFP.

Eh...

The Ne demands something that's out there. The Fi wants something that's either super delicious or super nutritious.

So either battery flavoured soda or water with strong food colouring. :)He clearly meant "deciding" as in "finding your type," not "choosing."No? A Fi user might highly value "being in the gene pool" and label the incident as the user protecting their family while the son made the mistake of breaking in instead of calling someone inside instead. As a result, the user may not blame the self while still feeling bad for the son.

On the other hand, a Te user might feel like crap for killing their son without caring at all for "being in the gene pool." I don't understand why you think that others would value "being in the gene pool" anyway.

The kicker? *All Fi users are also Te users.* (And yes, this applies to all functions being used by everyone, but I'm talking about the "main four.")

**Also, why would around half of the population not feel like utter crap for killing their own child? What the heck?**&gt;Also sometimes i usually correct people in grammars and stuff.

LOL

And you said *this:* in a post too:

&gt;Do everything that you have to do in life cause one day you might not know your going to die

Are you a troll?Kaceytron both as a character *and* as a real person (if possible).Stop looking at the diechotomies. Functions are way more important and meaningful. The only way that the diechotomies will help you is with regards to which job positions you'll *probably* like based on the any standardized MBTI test only.It's supposed to be, "What do you naturally find yourself doing?" in terms of cognition.The functions that you subconsciously prefer to do.Ti is more based on logic. Te is mostly facts, efficiency, etc.*Not all of your parents are sensors

The title currently says that all parents are intuitive types.Nope. Fe is concerned with ethics.Learn about the cognitive functions.More complicated? You mean *meaningful?*You mean *meaningful?*It's not about "relating" to functions. It's about naturally (and unconsciously) preferring them.So you're struggling with something, and therefore learning it or doing it isn't meaningful?

Do a "type me" post. Don't give any info of your struggles with self-typing.You see what's the highest on their stack out of Se/Si/Ne/Ni.You weren't asking about functions though.1) Big Five doesn't relate to cognitive functions.

2) It's very possible that you mistyped her.No...?

I'm a Ne-dom and I'd prefer to take pictures of fun things.Not gonna bother typing you because you ruined it by including what you think your type is.

EDIT: Downvotes for a comment that's on topic. Thanks, guys...In my opinion, it's more easy to confuse Si/Se than it is to confuse Ni/Ne. Therefore, your auxiliary function is probably Ne.

EDIT: Why so many downvotes? Why no replies? :lI barely know Si from Se. :XI'm an ENFP. I was also the owner of a Survivor game on ROBLOX (manually hosted, so I had to select people to become permanent hosts). I eventually shut that down and made a similar game with the same set up.

I was very practical in my direction with it. Wanted to become a host? Read the host guide and then wait for the next season of the host competition to come around. Then win it. There was no other way to become a host.

As for being fired, demoted, or promoted, I did a survey at the end of every season of the host competition and people rated the current and potential hosts on a scale of 1 to 5. From those numbers, I did promotions, demotions, firing, and hiring.

So it was structured, somewhat rigid, but very fair.The host competition was like the show House of DVF kind of. Each round had a different task. Earlier ones were trivia and knowledge of how to host while later ones involved hosting short segments that were rated by me. The final round was always the host survey.

As for the host survey, people voted on their own criteria. It was players of the game (Survivor) as well as people who were in the host competition. Usually, it was a mix of hosting abilities and likeability, so players had to be good hosts and not be jerks. lol

Oh, and the regular players were on the Discord chat and knew the host competition players and the other regular players as well, so it wasn't random.

I was originally more flexible with becoming a host, but I realized that I hated making exceptions and whatnot since it required that I choose to help others and not help others for various reasons. I couldn't be bothered to give special treatment anymore.Nope. That 13 year-old girl who likes to feel special and demands external approval is probably not an INTJ.But they're *claiming* to be INTJs...You gotta read about the cognitive functions and the function stacks if you want to do this meaningfully.

INFPs, from my knowledge, are not doormats.&gt;Introverted feeling = feeling

"Feeling" something sounds like Ni. Boo!

&gt;Extraverted feeling = empathy

Eh...? I feel like Fi users are more likely to reach out to misunderstood underdogs/villains.

&gt;Extraverted thinking = control

No. Maybe efficiency and facts.

&gt;Introverted sensing = memory

No. Not really.

&gt;Extraverted sensing = sensing

Like "sensing" that something's gonna happen? Like Ni?&gt;So I took the test in **16personalities.com**

There's your problem.

Or, rather...

&gt;testThis comment is full of tea.Tea = T = TruthYou're trying to rectify the dichotomies with function stacks. They're unrelated systems of typology. I could be NeFi for functions but ENFJ for dichotomies. lolWhy would life be meaningless if we were immortal? And how does dying make it meaningful?&gt;INFP

&gt;In America INxx are the types most discriminated against

Cry me a river. Stop pitying yourself.And yet humans are constantly changing their attitudes. You probably haven't witnessed a marriage between the living and the dead, for example. And you probably never will unless you go out and seek it. For how long can one seek until all is seen?Also, why are the old more easily impressed then?Then one can kill one's self. lolWhy do people always assume that suicide isn't an option? Gods are immortal and yet they're killed off in lots of stories. It's just eternal youth, really. :PRank the functions, eh?No. Diechotomy typing is irresponsible.Nothing because the stats are crap.Thank you. Some people need to understand that not all Muslims are from Islam.I was making a joke. LOLDid you just-?

***DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY GENDER!?***lol

Intuitive bias is dead. It's a sensor circlejerk now.Right here on this subreddit. Intuitive bias has been beaten into the ground. Nobody who knows anything about functions has intuitive bias. Right now, it's leaning more towards "Sensors make the world go round" and "Everyone's parents are sensors."If we're talking about Se as being comfortable with the senses around one, nope. I hate loud noises, hate bright lights, etc.

I'm an NeFi type because Ne is an iconic function. :P

That said, gimme your take on Se and Si; I'd like to hear it. :DNo test will be that accurate. Do research on the cognitive functions and then do self-reflecting and discussions with others on here.Interesting. lol I'll have to do more reading. :P&gt; -A/-T ones in MBTI

*in 16PWhat's disrespectful exactly? Is studying history disrespectful?

And I want actual logic that makes sense since most people don't attempt at giving that when justifying this kind of thing.Could you rationalize why this is disrespectful then? 'Cause right now, it seems like you're trying to tell someone that their thoughts that they've had for their entire life are horrible.I never swear.

I'm an ENFP.

Not sure why Te-Fi adds points when it's often responsible for the exact opposite.16P sucks.&gt; does sex work out in Vegas

Like a stripper? You should be more specific. "Sex work" is a dumb term since I've only even seen it be used to describe prostitution and I don't get why people don't just use the term "prostitution." lol&gt;If you subscribe to the function hypothesis, then you'll have to assume that MBTI is 100% nature and 0% nurture.

Not sure if I agree. Before children "use" functions, they'd by typeless. Once they starting having a noticeable preference for their dominant function, they'd be "in between" two types, yes? And then an actual type once their auxiliary function starts becoming preferred.But *how* are the functions selected then? In the womb?Quick Google search says genes and maybe some luck/randomness.&gt;Camp ENFP: Everyone relaxes around the campfire singing songs and smoking weed all day.

You're mean. &gt;:(...

This is the problem with the diechotomies. *Anything* can be added.I'm an ENFP and I kind of hoard due to feeling an attachment to things. It's a sentimental thing for me.Wrong.

Official ones don't use functions. Well, they do, but not really? And only four functions TOTAL (so no Fi/Fe; just F).Because they're much harder to test.How have cognitive functions been disproven? Anecdotally, they've been found to be consistent and more meaningful.Humans need some kind of love. Try dropping off a human without any social interaction.

Also, people have tried to not socialize with babies before. They kept dying and so they stopped trying.Name some examples.For how long has that person gone without social interaction?Give some examples of people who went extended periods of time with no socialization who lived.No?

Four kinds of love. Probably gonna find at least *some* of that in each social interaction if even at a low level.[And *that's* the true tea.](https://68.media.tumblr.com/b6d451633fcc976ad451f1293958033e/tumblr_oo26dtlzNN1vz966fo2_400.gif)You still haven't given me a single example of a person who went without any form of love for an extended period of time.Socialization and love are interconnected. Even within hatred, there might be *some* good feelings. A feeling of being alive for some.

Hermits tend to interact still, often with animals. Animals count. :)

Being "in love" is irrelevant. Four kinds of love.

Psychopathy is considered a mental illness, I think. Therefore, it makes sense to bar it. Otherwise, we can bar things like language and whatnot.

Japan thing doesn't count either. They still interact sometimes in real life and interact daily on the Internet.

And Christopher died, yes? For how long did he live?I haven't moved the goal post except excluding mental illness. Four types of love makes more sense for this argument. Otherwise, the word "romance" or "sexuality" or something would have been used.

People feel good from hatred. Ever hear someone feel good after their mother yelled at them because they knew that it meant that their mother cared for them? Not that rare.Love is four types of love. There's no argument if one restricts it to romantic love. Duh.

I'm barring mental illness because not doing so would remove any form of universality, making the argument moot.

Animals count because people do love their pets. Not a shift.

Socialization and love are inherently connected. This wasn't a shift.

Feeling good from bad does count. See my example about the mother. Also, "tough love."

I added time requirements because we kind of need them. You can't say, "I went without food for two days. Therefore, I don't need food." Not a shift.

I'm simply arguing that humans, barring obvious exceptions, are gonna need some type of love in order to survive.I defined a term. How dare I, right?I shouldn't have to define a basic philosophical idea when you can Google it. It's taught in high schools.

I asked for examples because they had reasons why they wouldn't properly apply. How is that moving the goal post?I had assumed that you knew about the four types of love. Otherwise, you would have asked like I had asked about that dude.

Just because you give an example that doesn't apply to the spirit of the argument doesn't mean that I'm changing anything. I'm clarifying.It was never defined as being "in love." Don't make stuff up. That was only but one example. It's very obvious that romantic love isn't necessary. Only a complete moron would argue for that.

For an example, here's what I'd need.

Someone living for five or more years alone with no pets. No clear signs of mental illness that regard being social. Also, no human interaction of course. I think that's all. @_@How am I a hypocrite? I asked for more information on a specific story. You had ignored my request, and so I thought that you conceded the example. lolYou had something that you didn't know. You had two options: Ask about it or Google it. You did neither.

I asked about your example. You said nothing. Therefore, I thought that you had conceded the example. lolIt's not moving the goal post. He never specified romantic love.1) And...? Both of those include parent-child relationships.

2) I'm still doing research. Doesn't help his case that he watched people at night though.ENFP.

Costco. Well, any store, really.

My parents told me.Hold it! You tried to have a baby as a child?&gt;Dad: watermelon seeds story

&gt;Me: eats a watermelon seed Nope that isn't true...Sounds like Ne, although this guy's ideas seem more like *actual* things rather than fantastical speculation.

For me, Ne sometimes manifests in having fun ideas that I could apply somewhere, but then realizing that, for one reason or another, they don't work. Then I get upset. :(

But Ne is sometimes useful when helping others. :)Wrong. Can't mix formal and informal pronouns when referring to the same person in a clause.&gt;NJ is a little contradictory; N = think [before acting], J = act (decide) now (ie before thought)

That's not at all contradictory. They're not related in that way.I haven't downvoted you.Read about the cognitive functions. Otherwise, you may as well just pay for the test. lol&gt;You can't have it both ways, LOL.

Women sometimes play hard to get. Men sometimes be "bad boys."I'm not the OP and I don't approve of either attempts.So ENFPs are dumb. Thanks. I'm gonna let you in on a secret...

Some of us *intentionally* break social rules and enjoy being iconic. Heh. Iconic.All ESFPs like singing and all people that like singing are ESFPs. ^^^/s&gt;We don’t tell people their gender so why we gotta be telling people theyre type.

Bit of a Euro-centric twist there...You're appropriating a social mechanism that has absolutely zero history in the English-speaking world and dumbing it down.

What if I said that I were a part of some caste even though I have zero ties to India?

Anyway, it's clear that you're having a bad day, and so I probably won't respond until tomorrow once you're cool.I sound out the functions, too. There's nothing else like saying [nɛfitɛsi].It's literally in IPA. :PWhy are you trying to relate the diechotomies to the functions? They're different systems. It's like if you tried relating the four Greek elements or the five Chinese elements to the period table. I mean, yeah, they're elements, but...They're unrelated.The functions that you use...? They determine themselves.

What determines the diechotomies?Fix what? I added in the extra *e* because they suck and should die if we're talking about personal growth.&gt;But “they determine themselves” seems inaccurate to me

But how does some unrelated set of diechotomies influence it? How does preferring feeling over thinking and perceiving over judging suddenly make one prefer personal morals over group ethics?It is true, hence why I consistently spell it like that.They're not.They're different models that use similar terms. lolGiven that I could say, "Hence the reason for which I consistently spell it like that," I'd go for yes.Probably not necessarily.&gt;How do we know that the order can be determined by our 4-letter types?

They're not. Those two personality types aren't that related.In my experiences, the function stack as is works well. When someone is showing a strong irregularity (e.x. Strong Fi preference and then suddenly strong Fe preference.), then they're likely going through a rough patch. Upon noticing these things in people, I've asked. And guess what? I was right.

I don't get why people complain about it being inflexible. If there were 40320 types, nobody would learn about it, nor would it make it reasonable to use other people as comparisons for certain things.Sounds like me. :)&gt;Is there a reliable test I can do?

No."High" means top two.I considered downvoting this comment for the laughs but then I felt bad. :(Because he has a big lesbian crush on you!No because the diechotomies aren't related to the functions.They're totally unrelated. "N" is Ni, not Ne, for example.But "N" is never described as Ne. It's always more similar to Ni.The diechotomies are functions are completely unrelated.Natural philosophers...

You mean scientists? ;)16P and tests in general suck. Read about the cognitive functions.Ne is about exploring the (im)possibilities of one thing, usually in the present, as it relates to other things. It is the "What if...?" function. This may lead to daydreaming and unrealistic ideas. However, if there are lots of ideas, some are bound to be good, so Ne users can be resourceful in that way. I also find that Ne users enjoy playing devil's advocate and seeing things from all sides.Yup. lolNot at all. The functions are what's important.This has to do with computer audio settings. Can't y'alls do a quick Google search?The burden of proof is to relate the diechotomies to the functions, not to prove that they aren't related. And also, not necessarily. Most people don't have as a strong conviction towards their dominant function than they do with their auxiliary function. That said, since I use Fi, I may get tested as "T" since most "F" in these tests in Fe.The functions are a model for viewing personalities. That's it. Doesn't mean that they're not useful, though. :)Isn't Ni finding connections between many things in order to find one thing whereas Ne is finding many connections from one thing (or one connection to another thing, and then a thing connecting to that, etc.)?Look up the cognitive functions.I am. If you're not referencing any specific function, then what you're saying is kind of pointless. Are you perhaps referring to how a lower judging function is taking action instead of a higher one?Please read about the cognitive functions.

&gt;I don't doubt I'm T because I literally never stop thinking.

Sounds like Ne.

&gt;I like following my rules, I like to know what I'm going to do, but I don't close my options, and I don't like to following rules because they're rules, I justify everything I do. I'm relaxed in life, sometimes I'm even lazy and sometimes I have problems with being productive even though my mind is on fire with ideas, I just struggle with putting them into reality.

Sounds like Ne and Fi.

You might be an ENFP.Read up on the bloody cognitive functions. Stop with the diechotomy crap if you want any personal growth or development. Watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCiIHsipGU4) and then [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h1Lvn9CJ1U) as a starting place. :)You need to take a screenshot of your results.&gt;Men are made to produce more children and women are made to create children.

You're probably fertile, yes? And I'm assuming that you don't have children?&gt;Ni - Why would a chicken cross a road? (Future tense)

1) There is no "future tense" in English. We use a modal verb instead.

2) That's "future of the past." For many languages, such as French, a "future of the past" tense is a completely different tense than future tense.No they're not. They tell very little about the functions.You wanna be a security guard then? Go for it! :)"Accurate" and "precise" *do* have a slight difference in meaning, although it's not commonly acknowledged (like "jealous" and "envious"). Accuracy means close to the average while precise means close to other values given off.

This is shown in Fi vs. Fe. Fe is accurate because it acts along other people's values more. These values are closer to the "average" but may be somewhat far from one another and be inconsistent with one another.

Fi is precise because it acts along with its own previous values. These values might not be close to the "average" but are probably pretty close to one another and are thus consistent.No.How am I spineless and fake? I'm being consistent with what I value. lolThe OP literally just said that he/she was looking into functions and you took him/her off track. That's why I'm upset.The OP deleted it herself.Nope.I thought that you disliked functions.Then why are you encouraging diechotomy typing?Read up about the cognitive functions. The diechotomies won't help you aside from maybe finding a job that would suit you.The diechotomies aren't good for anything aside than getting a job that you like. They're bad for personal growth.Okay...?Trust me when I say that you *never* hear run-on sentences in real life; they'd sound far too strange and unnatural.A run-on sentence is a group of sentences that are written as if they were one sentence. For the most part, this results in a comma splice. If we were to do so verbally, we'd have really bizarre intonation.What the heck is an example of "morals" against "logic?" As you've said earlier, there are none. There is no way to frame these two so that it's not heavily stacked for one side. This is why the functions are useful.I was thinking INFP. It explains the higher Ni.I know, but the aux function and its "opposite" tend to both score high.Find their function stacks...&gt;The reasoning behind why J types have introverted perceiving functions or vice versa seems substantially more random.

Your entire argument there is based on the fact that you see the diechotomies as valid. It's circular.

However, here's why I prefer functions: They're actually meaningful.

What the heck is "thinking with emotions" over "thinking with logic?" Please give me an example that's not "lol u picked short-term emotions over long-term emotions &gt;:D" because it's one-sided otherwise.&gt;Consider the rarity of each type and their resulting team size as well.

It's impossible to get decent statistics.Huh? Diechotomies and functions are completely separate systems. Why would someone try to find their "one type" for two different systems?Using an official test is useless. Cognitive functions are of more use. One's cognitive function stack does not change although functions do "develop" over time.The tests are crap. Read about the cognitive functions if you want anything meaningful.Okay, but give me an example of a decision made by "thinking" and one by "feeling."Give an example of a situation that has a "thinking decision" and a "feeling decision."So one is selfish and the other needlessly panders?My issue with the diechotomies is that no decision that picks between "feeling" or "thinking" is actually a dilemma. It is, for the most part, one good choice against one bad choice with nobody consistently preferring one "judging" type.But there is no "feeling" and "thinking." There's Fi, Fe, Ti, and Te, all of which are unique.&gt;You could treat feeling and thinking as being people oriented and task/theory oriented

But what's a decision that I could make where one choice is people-oriented and one is task-oriented? That's my question. The whole people of T/F is making decisions.

&gt;I'm curious, what makes you stick so hard to the functions?

The functions work extremely well. They match up with me nicely and I've used them to see when others aren't well mentally.I'm still a bit confused. Could you give me some concrete examples? Some issues are inherently for people while others are not.Okay.

So I have this reality game on Roblox (it used to be Survivor, so let's just pretend that it is Survivor for this thing). I'm extremely rigid with how becoming a host and how getting verified in the Discord chat works. Nobody gets special treatment and whatnot. I do this because it makes it easier on me and prevents me from being called biased. It also makes things more fair. That said, I still do answer questions and I'm open to helping people and steering them in the right direction.

After I made my first game (Survivor), I went onto a second since I shut down my first game after someone betrayed me (outside the game) and some other drama. I needed a fresh start. I decided to make my second game completely alone and I gave nobody any special permissions or authority. I was the sole authority. I did this because I didn't want to get in the same mess as last time (since the betrayal came as a result of giving someone else some authority).&gt;You treat people as separate individuals.

Where was that implied in my paragraphs? lolAnd yet nobody getting special treatment could also be considered task-oriented since it's inherently anti-individual.

See why I hate separating "feeling" and "thinking" into two categories now? They're messy and inconsistent.You're assuming that I'm giving nobody special treatment for the sake of equality. Perhaps I do it so that my life is easier. I guess it's both, but my main goal was to prevent having to deal with people's complaints and whatnot. It was too much for me.

That said, I'm very principle-oriented. I'm extremely rigid with rules. If you're familiar with Survivor and wanna read the rules that I have (or *had*), click [here](tinyurl.com/LoopHostGuide). Ignore the red text, the magenta text, and the pictures. lol

I gotta go to sleep now, so we'll keep chatting tomorrow. :P&gt;I am an ENFP and I absolutely do not think Fe is very ideal at all.

That doesn't mean that you're not good at it.The function stack measures how we value and use them. It doesn't mean how good we are at them. I'm an ENFP and I slay at custom service.And yet none of us live in an acultural world, so what's the point of that?You're asking a difficult concept to be explained as if you're five years old. Sorry, but that can't really happen. The diechotomies are horrible if you're looking for personal growth or understanding.

However, this gentleman made [two](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCiIHsipGU4) [videos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h1Lvn9CJ1U) about the functions that may help you. :)He had sex with his first cousin.How is it at all logical to accept being miserable for 40 hours a week in exchange for more money?The Harold Grant function stack is the four functions being placed in an I E I E or E I E I *and* J P P J or P J J P order. The stacks are controversial because other resources give I E E E or E I I I order instead.Don't try to mix functions with the diechotomies. It's like trying to place classic Greek or Chinese elements over those of the periodic table.Yes.The whole point of the diechotomies is to avoid the function stack. lolThen what's Si?Not me.I'm pretty sure that everyone can.Given that there are billions of people, it's probable that at least one person has that. That said, that's the clear exception. :)It'd be rare because it would be associated with memory issues or something like that. Either way, it's a disadvantage and so they'd reproduce less.I agree with the others. End your marriage. You're a cheater. Your children deserve better.&gt;If anything, she is going to hell for depriving him of something as natural simply because she doesn't like sex.

So she's obligated to give him sex? :lPeople are forgetting about how resourceful Ne can be in these situations. A Ne user would have saved everyone in the fatal five traps. :)You start doing research on the cognitive functions and then realize that their discreteness (among other things) makes them a better system.Unexpected /r/ZeroEscape? :)I feel like Rockstar is a poorly-developed ENFP or something. She hated the bros 'cause they were heterosexual white males. LOLRead into the cognitive functions.Watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCiIHsipGU4) and [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h1Lvn9CJ1U) for a nice intro to the functions. :)This subreddit focuses on the cognitive functions. Watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCiIHsipGU4) and [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h1Lvn9CJ1U) for a nice intro on them. :)Please read up on the cognitive functions.You're probably not an INTJ or INFJ. If you haven't read up on the cognitive functions yet, do so.Reading up on cognitive functions is an absurd thing to do when this whole subreddit is based around them?I said that he probably wasn't an INTJ/INFJ because they're the most common mistypes and because I don't believe that 15-year-olds can be accurately typed.Here's my reasoning:

1) He's a 15-year-old. It's hard to type young teens.

2) INTJ and INFJ are the two most common mistypes. Statistically, he's not one of them.The "nature" camp of things would suggest that personalities aren't "fully" developed until the brain is and that's definitely not at age 15.Yes. I see that you could work on your Fi.Statistics say that I'm best off digging into clarification before wasting our time.I'd say that our personalities are somewhat in flux. At the very least, they're not consistent.If his type weren't relevant, he wouldn't have brought it up.I'm not being sarcastic. The whole "I'm trying to improve others" (i.e. Force my values onto them) is *very* indicative of poor Fi. That and being defensive like you are now.

I'm not trolling nor attacking. I'm pointing out genuine flaws. If you want to improve, accept that.MBTI isn't about identity.&gt; But do you think I'm INTJ or INFJ?

I honestly don't know. You're 15. It's hard to type younger people.This subreddit focuses on the cognitive functions and not the dichotomies. Watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCiIHsipGU4) and [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h1Lvn9CJ1U) for a nice intro on them. :)This subreddit focuses on the cognitive functions and not the dichotomies. Watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCiIHsipGU4) and [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h1Lvn9CJ1U) for a nice intro on them. :)

EDIT: Stop trying to put two completely different systems together. The functions are one system. The dichotomies are another. They're separate. Trying to put them together is like trying to use the ancient Greek elements with the periodic table.I don't see the Te in there.It takes a lot of reading and discussing and whatnot. Trust me when I say that it takes quite a while to get typed accurately. :PYup. Talking about the subject and getting clarification is very important.This subreddit focuses on the cognitive functions and not the dichotomies. Watch [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCiIHsipGU4) and [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h1Lvn9CJ1U) for a nice intro on them. :)Agreed. The new flairs suck. I mean, yeah, they go along with the theme. However, I liked how the colours were different with the old flairs. :(There's a 1/12 chance that I'm right... I think it's ENFPs.No it doesn't.I'm a Ne-dom and a Fi-aux. Explain to me how those make me extroverted even though Fi (which is typically a reserved function) is my most "visible" function for me given that Ne is so natural.Ignore the four-letter code names.So then you're asking the person to figure out their dominant function by knowing whether they're an extrovert or an introvert... Which is only known by knowing one's dominant function.But *why* does having an extroverted dominant function make one extroverted? I'm arguing that it doesn't.My main argument is this:

The functions and the dichotomies are two different personality typing systems. Therefore, trying to superimpose one system over the other (by giving us these four-letter codes for functions) is silly and causes confusion. I can be a super organized and reserved ENFP. I can also be cold and care more about what's here now than what's theoretical.I'm gonna be honest here. You're not being excluded. The one doing the excluding is you.

&gt;I didn't feel good about others because they seemed so uncultured.

Look at how pretentious this statement is.

&gt;Often I feel my actions are justified because everyone has the right to be included.

Wrong. Everyone has the right not to be forced to befriend someone. Onto your questions.

&gt;Am I INTJ or INFJ?

I dunno. Probably neither. Have you read about the cognitive functions yet? If not, do so.

&gt;How do I improve my relationships with my classroom? Is it even possible?

Be more empathetic.&gt;What if I said to you, "You're probably not ENFP. Please read the cognitive functions."?

I wouldn't be triggered. I have read about them. lol

&gt;You're implying no one is INTJ or INFJ. You're contradicting yourself, assuming that these types are so rare that they don't exist.

No. There are 16 types. If you name one type then, statistically, you're not that type. Plus, we all know that INFJ/INTJ are the most fetishized types.

&gt;Also, I'm not doing the excluding—I'm pretty sure of that.

And why is that? You pretty much said that you were better than others because they were "uncultured." Why are you the judge of that and how is that relevant? You probably don't even know what fraternal marriage is.

And I was in your position. However, I grew up and realized that I shouldn't have been so judgmental. Now's the time to do the same.I asked you why you were certain that you were a Ni-dom and you didn't give me a proper answer. What's Ni to you?I'm an adolescent. Plus, this dude is, according to himself, an INTJ. INTJs don't need coddling.20.&gt;Lol I know what that is.

Then what is it?

&gt;Ni to me is the ability to see meaning beyond the plain facts—it's not superior or anything, after all, you need the plain facts (Se) to see the meaning beyond them.

I'd define it differently, but your later statements would be your best identifier. Not gonna argue on this one. :P

&gt;That's a weird way to look at things. There are more than 200 countries. So if you're in one country, statistically, you're not in that country.

There's a difference between lying and being incorrect. People *want* to be certain types because they seem more appealing. Consequently, they try to embody these types and whatnot in order to "become" one (even though that's not how it works).

Anyway, be open to other people. Do some research on their interests and do not stereotype people.I am not a "full grown adult." Trust me. There are teens who look much older than I do.Adolescence is based on biology, not age.I'm pretty sure that "adolescent" isn't a legal term.

&gt;And is this what ENFPs do? Bring up ridiculous arguments?

ENFPs, like other types, all do different things.Ni is the ability to take seemingly unrelated things together in order to form a conclusion. This is done unconsciously. This is why people may have hunches that turn out to be correct.Puberty is biologically defined. Being a legal adult is not. Therefore, having a definition that relies on *both* means that said definition is neither biologically valid or legally valid. The fact is there: There are teenagers who have way more sexual characteristics than I do.Why would you choose to use the legal definition of "adult" in place of the biological definition of "adult" in defining "adolescence" when the other key term ("puberty") only has a biological definition?And how are the dichotomies at all useful?

Anecdotally, I can tell you that the functions are a great way to tell when someone's down because their functions will be out of whack.&gt;They provide a reference point to the type of person somebody is, without actually imposing an identity onto them.

And how are they useful if they change? Also, what the heck is T vs. F?

So why the heck are you finding someone's mid-term type instead of their immediate mood?

Also, function stacks are typically permanent, so...Their use *does* change. You don't understand the stacks.**Q1: You and your friends are going on a road trip!**

**a. How you feeling?**
Okay.

**b. What are you looking forward to, if anything?**
Group activities and fun!

**c. What are you nervous or worried about, if anything?**
Goodbye, privacy. :S

**d. How do we prepare for this thing: what should we think about beforehand, and what should we leave to chance?**
We should make sure we have some food and money for food. We also need to plan how we're gonna clean ourselves and go to the bathroom. We'll also need chargers for phones/laptops/whatever I reckon. 

**e. What kind of problems might arise, and how should we find a solution?**
We could run out of gas or something could break. Money could solve both of their problems.

**Q2: Your friend or sibling wants you to meet their new significant other!**

**a. How do you feel about that, and why?**
I don't feel much about it. Maybe a bit nervous because I know I'll have *some* impact. :S

**b. What situation(s) would make you feel most comfortable, and what would make you feel most awkward?**
I'd probably feel awkward for a while (I kind of *do* in real life). Most comfortable? Not sure.

**c. What (and how long) would it take you to decide you totally approve? Would you tell your friend/sibling, and how?**
I don't think I'd ever "totally approve" unless they fit all of my priority ideals, so likely never. I wouldn't "tell" my friend/sibling because that's not important *unless* the other person is trash.

**d. What (and how long) would it take you to decide you totally disapprove? Would you tell your friend/sibling, and how?**
I'd likely not "totally disapprove" either. If I did, I'd tell them right away.
Because getting statistics for types is nearly impossible.I feel like you should go back. She was willing to take some risks with you, and so I think that she's genuinely trying to help. :)I only started reading again recently. I want to read all of Agatha Christie's mysteries semi-chronologically, going through each main detective one by one. Then I'll move onto her other things.

I tend to read at night and usually for around 20 or 30, maybe 40, minutes.Not at all related to type.

What's next? "Oh, copula deletion means Fe, so Chinese people are all Fe-doms. Oh, and same with Black Americans."Read into the cognitive functions please.ENFP. Nudity is gross. I don't care if it's "natural." So are diarrhea, AIDS, rape, and bestiality.The first table is the only relevant one. The last one is trash.omg

I might be a perfect ENFP at times. :DPoor use of Fi.Don't worry too much about the messy labels. Tumblr likes to ruin everything.Or names like NeFi, TiSe, etc.Ne and Fi. lolMaybe if a Fe user wants to stir the pot, then sure. Otherwise, Fi is probably gonna be more out there.

And why Ni? Ne keeps me talking and talking.Bad. This isn't relevant to functions.The dichotomies are useless. Do research on the cognitive functions.The dichotomies are crap. Do some research on the cognitive functions.Oh boy. This is gonna be a good copypasta.I'm an ENFP and I love rules. lol&gt;as soon as he's assessed his situation, he thinks about his future in the situation and what he knows that can help secure his safety in his future

Perhaps he didn't intend on winning until near the end when he saw that he had a decent chance at winning.

Mass shootings can definitely be a result of high Fi.&gt;My thought is that you're so used to listening to/caring about people that you just can't tune them out.

Fi does the same, so... No.As an ENFP, I disagree. People would develop their lower Fi/Fe anyway. Just that children would be stranger. lolHonestly...?

/r/im14andthisisdeepISTP. It stands for "I suck the pTalk to classmates about the readings and assignments.The joke is that NeFis and NiTes are so different.Let's think about this more generally.

Why would anyone develop a personality model over parts of the personality that are more dynamic than static?

More specifically, have you read into the cognitive functions yet?They are life. They take in nutrients and grow.Then what makes something alive?Some animals don't have brains at all.But all animals are living...

I'll get back to your second point later. I have work soon. :PDichotomies suck. Tell me how each dichotomy is useful *and* how it's not obvious which side of it one prefers. I ask for both because having a system like this isn't useful if everything is obvious.My argument is that all of the dichotomies are obvious (in which case we don't need a system). I'll go through each dichotomy to say why they are either useless, obvious, or both.

I/E - Quite obvious. One knows if one gets drained from social activity and by how much. No need to have a system around it.

N/S - Usually pretty obvious, though descriptions of a basic N/S dichotomy aren't in agreement about what this is.

F/T - My favourite. Do you irrationally make decisions based on short-term emotions or do you step back and think things through with the long-term in mind? That T is obviously better than F here is concerning.

P/J - Also obvious. Does one procrastinate and do things as they please or does one plan and keep a schedule?

Also, no need to accuse me of being lazy. Oh, and he tried to convince me otherwise, so he's responsible for giving me evidence if he wants to convince me.The cognitive functions *model* of personality is designed so that all individuals with regular cognition will fit into one type only. If one seems to fit into more than one type, then the model needs to be revised in order to achieve its goal.My issue with the dichotomies is that it doesn't tell us anything about ourselves that we don't already know.I agree that dichotomies are good for introducing people to more complicated theories, but I also find them to be too simple, and that they encourage stereotyping.I agree. The actual stack of the functions can be confusing, but the functions are much better "dichotomies."Emotions are literally your only goals in life. They are your only active motivation for doing things.What are your goals and why do you have them?I have no reason to believe this is true. How is this supposed to fit in with the fact that different languages support different "styles?"Because an ENFP can be closer than an ISTJ than an ENFP depending on exactly how the numbers line up with dichotomies. Additionally, dichotomies don't try to tell us anything that we don't know.What do they tell about us that we *don't* know? Most people know if they're outgoing or not (E/I), whether they're organized or more go-with-the-flow (J/P), etc.One doesn't *relate* to a type. One *is* a type.&gt; And I think that letting a test define who one IS, can be dangerous.

Tests are crap at determining personality type.Exactly. The type is just a framework for looking at some of our broad preferences in cognition. :)Sounds like you need to learn about the functions.How are functions not valid? They're a framework for viewing personality.I am definitely *not* touchy-feely. lolIt can be both and also the *opposite* of both.

Ignorance can be bliss because not knowing about the horrors of life can be good. Conversely, ignorance can be torment... Not knowing that someone is okay when they were involved in a tragedy or something can be terrible.

Knowledge is mostly power. Knowing how to cook food, how to deescalate a situation, etc. can be great. However, knowledge can also make someone worse off. Knowing of the horrors of life can make someone feel helpless and unable to act. How is that power?

ENFP.&gt; I LOVE MY ENTP DEAD GAY SON.

Nice. :)Your type does not change under normal circumstances.Because the model was designed to look at something that's normally permanent in one's life as a means to track and predict growth in a person's personality.Our type.&gt;Up to a certain age, usually 24-25, your personality is fluid and heavily influenced by your surroundings.

I guess so. But that doesn't mean that every part or how the personality works as a whole is completely malleable. For example, I remember hearing that promiscuity is partially a genetic personality trait. It's not far-fetched to consider that maybe other parts of personality are similar in that regard.

&gt;MBTI focuses on our perception (F/T) and our reaction to those perceptions (N/S).

I'm assuming that that's a typo, so yes.

I'm 21 and have been a NeF my whole life. Can you give any examples of people genuinely flipping from Fe to Fi or something?My argument is that the function stack is static. People do "grow into" some functions as they grow up (which is why this kind of typology is useful) of course.

However, I also argue that looking at dichotomy shifts is useless. Or, rather, since they do inherently shift, then looking at one's actual dichotomy *type* rather than their *percentages* (or however we measure it) is pointless. Therefore, one's dichotomy *type* is pointless to view. Consequently, we should look at the function stack when determining type. As such, one's type does not change under normal circumstances.The order of your functions does not normally change throughout one's life.It's been five weeks. That's shorter than Summer break. =.=ENFP. Innovator.&gt;I see Biden as more ENF*. He knows how to emotionally manipulate the audience to see or think what he wants, but he is emotional enough that you can see he thinks otherwise. Hard to explain.

ENFP and ENFJ aren't at all similar. How can you confuse the two?If we're using functions, they're not at all similar.

Fe Ni Se Ti vs. Ne Fi Te Si.So how come it's okay to encourage stereotypes now?Most MBTI memes and stereotypes get downvoted.No because we don't stan a miserable C U Next Tuesday who's negative and unable to take control of his own happiness. Good grief!You should do some research into the cognitive functions.This sub is function-based. That's the point that I was trying to make.No. I always do my homework.Male ENFP here. I would never get a tattoo or piercing. Tattoos in general look like trash and the only piercings that really look nice are on the ears, and usually only for women (although some guys make them work).16P is remarkably unpopular around here, so yeah. lolBoth since emotions are directly related to values.

For example, there are some who think that things that disgust them (often related to sexuality) are immoral. Conversely, there are those who think that being able to suppress any sort of disgust is moral.ENFP; Domestic dog.Which sign language? There are many.My issue is that you used the term "sign language" as if there were only one. There are many sign languages around the world. :)Could you explain to me how you started using more Fe and Ti after losing your faith?Could you walk me step by step with how that's relating to the change of functions? I'm still confused.It's because you desire to be an ENTP. Your type does not change over your lifetime unless you suffer from trauma.Have you read into the cognitive functions? If not, you should really do so. I remember learning about them and it really helped me understand both myself and others. It should also clarify any issues that you have typing yourself. :D&gt;The form The Role of Personality Types in Psychological Well-being. is no longer accepting responses.

Oh dear.Type does not determine the winner.Survivor and Big Brother are not "crappy."Honestly, Big Brother would be the best for this because of the live feeds and the fact that the edit is based on what's interesting, not an overall story arc.&gt;Historically ENFPs are more likely to be on the fence here. ENFJs probably won’t mistype as ENFP.

This is exactly what happened to me! I thought that I was an ENFJ, but I'm actually an ENFP. :)I FIGURED IT OUT! 2w3 probably means "Two people with a third." Usually a heterosexual man and a bisexual woman looking for a (younger) woman to join them. lolThe cognitive functions are separate from the (useless) dichotomies.Do you have any statistics suggesting that he's more popular among males than females or are you dressing your opinions as facts?So you mean places where women are told not to go by people like you?By saying that he's for boys with daddy issues, you make women in particular less likely to attend his events. Given that there are thousands of you who do the same thing, this is likely to have an affect on female attendance at these events.

Either way, by calling his fans "boys with daddy issues," you're putting them down. Show some empathy.Part of that attendance is because people say and go things to discourage others from going. That and his polarization.

How much of his work have you read? And why do you dislike him?I feel like he has some interesting things to say, and I'm not sure why people are calling him a fascist, a Nazi, etc. Your opinions came off as partisan and sensationalist to me, hence my reaction.&gt;I wouldn't call him a fascist but he does give some nods to the right wing extremists here and there.

I'm not familiar with this. Care to share?

&gt;And I don't know what partisan and sensationalist mean here so I can't confirm or deny being one ;) would you mind explaining it?

Partisanship refers to being loyal to a political party (ex. political; as opposed to having no alignment). In your posts, it seemed that you aligned yourself with a party that's against Peterson.

As for sensationalism, it refers to the use of buzzwords and dramatic headlines and the like. "Daddy issues," for example, is very much sensationalist.&gt;Have you heard of the need to protect our "judeo-christian values," for example? One of the most common phrases to nudge people toward xenophobia, nationalism and homophobia/transphobia etc. Or X being a threat to "the West," which seems to be the cultural heritage of the ancient Europe, if I remember correctly. And X can either stand for refugees, muslims, lgbt, feminists, the list goes on.

And *X* can also be Nazis, rapists, murderers, etc. What's the issue here?

Also, please don't use the term "LGBT." Let's not pretend that said group is a natural class of people (i.e. How is being trans (whatever *that* means, to be quiet honest) at all related to having same-sex attraction?).

Anyway, I think that any culture should be willing to protect its values. People who have strikingly different values from us should have to adapt if they wish to live among us, as should we if we want to move.

&gt;I'm not well versed in politics but I'm leaning toward the left so I guess I am a partisan here. And I used "daddy issues" as a derogatory term deliberately. Many of the fans of Dr.Peterson are fans of Ben Shappiro with whom I very much don't get along with. But let's not go there.

Well now you're stereotyping people. People can and do love Peterson but not like Ben Shapiro that much. It's this partisanship mentality that people don't trust mainstream media (or that mainstream media is not to be trusted?). You and I both know that this is problematic, so let's not empower such a destructive force.

&gt;I just happen to disagree with him on other topics and really despise the way he manipulates the information and interweaves it with political messages and steers the audience.

Please give concrete examples of this!It is necessarily possible given that some people have 17+ children.CRINGE&gt;i'm not too much of an expert on cognitive functions and how they interact with each other and all that.

Then how could you type them?22 ENFP. I don't swear.If types just changed on a whim, then typology would be about as useful as a mood ring.You're implying that the tests are accurate. The overwhelming consensus on this sub is that the tests are not accurate.The issue is that MBTI typology is a system that humans made with the intent of types not changing. That is, it was designed to model things that are consistent within our lives. Of course the system can change, but one of its core componants is that types (for the most part) do not change over one's life.ENFP is the most generic Pokémon...? :(I think that he's overrated.lol That was a good pun.Give us wigglytuff honestly. Homeboy *snapped* in Explorers of Time/Darkness/Sky.It might help to inform you that pornography is *full* of exploitation. They take advantage of those who are not mentally well and those who are desperate for cash, often after being abused or something. When COVID hit, they targetted people who were fired, including teenagers. Speaking of which, did you know that "barely legal" sometimes means "barely legal to consent" and not "old enough to do pornography?" Those are kiddos.

Then there's the fact that lots of pornography is *not* consensual. When you watch a video, ask yourself these questions:

- How do I know that the people in this video are legal adults?

- How do I know that they're all mentally sound?

- How do I know that they weren't forced to perform in this?

- How do I know that they consented for this to be online and to be watched by the general public (as opposed to being a private video)?

So yes, pornography is evil. It's not to say that *you're* evil, but you need to force yourself to stop unless you want to contribute to more sexual exploitation.

P.S. It's not an accident that you're addicted. MindGeek profits off your suffering and that of those whom they abuse. They do not care about you.

P.P.S. Your "sex drive" is probably screwed up thanks to pornography. It's sad because you'll probably get erectile dysfunction soon enough.Ne Fi Te Si = [nɛ] [fi] [tɛ] [si]&gt;Hey guys my personality type is ENFJ. In other words I am an extrovert who likes to listen to their heart.

Sounds like a mistyped ENFP perhaps. Have you heard about the cognitive functions before?
Setting boundaries. I've lost quite a few of my closest friends because they caught feelings for me and couldn't handle it. It's the first time I've been insecure about the way I treat people, and it's such an ugly feeling.ENFJ... I will usually either play healer or tank.I think ENFJs can be people pleasers.
ENFJ, Gryffindor, Pukwudgie!

I did the Ilvermorny sorting without reading about the houses beforehand to avoid possible bias and am quite pleased with the results. ENFJ here, also attracted to rational, clever guys.
 
Just wanted to add some preferences I have: 

I like guys who focus on themselves, who don't actively pursue every girl that they come across.  In that same vein, I like guys who are individualistic, doing their own thing when everyone else might write it off as weird. 

I love listening to XNTPs in conversation; I like it how they can talk so passionately about a subject and analyze in ways that I would have never thought, and how eager they are to share that excitement.  It's fun to watch them light up when they see that you want to hear what they have to say and you can see how quickly their demeanor changes. There's literally a spark that sets them into motion. 


Yeah, I'm a sucker for XNTPs. As a spectator, watching my ENTP and ENFP friends bicker is the worst.  They both have to reassure me that it's fine while throwing jabs at each other, while I watch in horror, ready to diffuse the situation. Not narcissistic, what I meant by focusing on themselves is being secure in who they are instead of trying to find someone to complete them/ fill a void.  Yes, I agree with OP's description, but this is something I regard highly as well. I am pretty sure Derek Fisher is a textbook ENFJ. ENTJ!ENFJ here: https://imgur.com/a/T7Byv

P.S.: Happy New Year's, all!Is an ENFJ graduating with a degree in anthropology ;-; I'm also known as your and u/foofoononishoe's love child....  currently taking a course on the ecology of crime and thinking of going into law ;)ENFJ and Gryffindor- A person once introduced me as the most Gryffindor person she’s ever met so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
As an ENFJ, I tend to approach this kind of issue as more of a communal thing. It's not me "fixing" anyone. It's just when I see someone who is broken but who keeps trying, I see myself, and hey, if we're both broken and different, why don't we grow together and teach each other things? This is like, the thing I hold as the highest thing in life, learning and growing with other people, sharing knowledge and habits, taking the best of both of us.

Anyway, that's just me. Can't speak for all ENFJs ;)ENFJ. Attracted to ENFPs because of their apparent childlike bounciness but also the power of that Dominant Ne is just Gahhhhh those connections astound me! Also because I was in love with an INFP buuuuut her over-the-top need for solitude (like, wouldn't talk to me for a week straight. We were long distance too so that just doesn't work) really turned me off INFPs even though I know it was just her, not all of them, but still, I've got a dismal feeling around them now :(. I figured I would do well with someone very similar but not needing _quite_ as much alone time.Hey there. *wiggle eyebrows. looks like having a seizure bc fail*Sorry I'm feeling really bouncy today xD This is good because I'm usually depressed :PIt is often said that ENFJ and INFP are the perfect couple. I disagree. They do have a lot going for them; the way in which they complement each other is incredible, but the major extrovert vs. major introvert thing has caused a TON of problems in my short-lived relationship with an INFP. So I actually thing INFJ/INFP is a really good match. They still complement each other in wonderful ways, but the INFJ won't have as much trouble giving the INFP personal space as the ENFJ, and the INFP will be needed less for emotional support.

EDIT: I think that in order for any relationship with an Fi-dom to work, the Fi-dom has to be mature enough to realize that their own personal beliefs of how things are and should be is not the end-all of everything. In a relationship, it needs to be both parties involved in big decisions. And just as importantly, the other side of the relationship needs to be mature enough to allow the Fi-dom personal space and free agency and to really try to incorporate the Fi-dom's ideas and values into things. My relationship was not like that. I have BPD and didn't know it at the time so.... not in control of emotions at all. Always felt abandoned/rejected, and that did NOT pair well with her immature need for weeks of me not texting her so she could "introvert". Long Distance. Can't do that. Nope.Not multiple weeks at a time, no, but pretty frequently she would need a week of near-zero interaction. I would text her a good morning and a good night every day and that's basically it. She said that she never got time to herself because she had work and school at the same time as well as being the oldest of 11 children, still living at home, so once the time came for us to have time together most of the time she was just too burned out. I kind of understand, but it still made me feel like I wasn't a priority at all. (which I wasn't.) All-in-all, I'm glad it's over, though I miss the early part of the relationship when this wasn't an issue and she was really into me. Whole thing lasted about 9 months total. It really put me off Fi, like, I know that's not Fi normally, just immaturity, but I can't help but harbor a lot of resentment.Fuck you. I am the same way. For me it's just exhausting to remain angry for long. I can't do it.  Pity and disgust are much more natural to me, so anger turns to pity and hatred turns to disgust, and often the two are mixed. I have a tendency to feel a pretty powerful inner resentment towards Fi types due to bad experiences with a really immature SO. So if I've been a contributing factor to this, I apologize. My feelings tend to leak out in my words. Something I would like to point out is that many people are, because of the fetishization of individuality in the world today, overly obsessed with their own individualism. This is stereotyped as an Fi trait, but it should not be. This modern individualism is fake as fuck, as nobody REALLY stands on their own and does things nobody else does. I think that Fi types are more prone to super high ideals and getting caught in their own dreams of fame and/or individual virtue, yet a lot of the time, are not mature enough or do not have the ability to see things through, and so that looks on the outside exactly like the modern artificial hipster movement. Now, I hate the artificial hipster movement. It pisses me off to no end that people literally can't be themselves because they are too caught up in this idea that they must "be themselves", which of course means that they have to be like everyone else, as long as they are different from their parents' generation.

 Sometimes, because the immature Fi user has a hard time actually getting across what they want to get across, and also because many times the Fi-dreams are not backed up by actual willpower, (which is an individual trait and has nothing to do with personality), I mistake it for the movement that I hate so much. A mature Fi-user is one who has grown a backbone and actually done the things that they wanted to do, with no excuses, or else they have shut up about them. And a person who has done this is someone I can admire and respect.

(I would like to say that any person immature enough to let their dominant function loose without any willpower backup is a horrible person to be around. It doesn't matter what their personality is, so this does not apply only to Fi-users.)Very interesting...Yes. Fucking yes. I have a tendency to be either anxious about the future or depressed about the past, and it's tough sometimes to really enjoy the present. Although that's not an exclusive reflection of my type and more a pointer that I'm a depressed anxious bastard, I have found it happening even when I'm happy and I know it's been happening my whole life, so it does have SOMETHING to do with my type. Fi-Fi seems a better idea than Fi-Fe cuz at least they speak the same language. My relationship with an INFP was a constant "why the hell would you even DO that?" Towards the end. ENFJ is accurate. I get stressed out on vacations when I've got nothing to do cuz I feel like I should be doing something and imma soon remember what I'm forgetting. Also the relationship thing. Yeah. Sometimes it's not conflict that is wanted. It's to try to understand where you're coming from and what you're actually thinking and feeling, and after multiple tries, it seems the only way to get it is to argue about it. You guys are really obscure when you're uncomfortable. I did this without realizing it to my ex all the time after she dropped me from her priority list before we broke up. Hehe I just commented that it's pretty accurate xDYup. I as an ENFJ have no problem with some structured conflict as long as it gets a problem resolved. I was always the bad guy who ruined the mood cuz I actually wanted to fix things. 


EDIT: The downside is that I have no sense of just letting things go. I NEED closure and sometimes I keep going after any sane person would have backed off. Something I need to work on xDI think this is actually a really good idea. I would say no. Ex: ENFJs and ENFPs often give off identical vibes, but for entirely different reasons. Just be careful... be ready to make a choice between your need for communication and the whole damn relationship. Yes. Any Fi type. Fi vs. Fe gets pretty bad sometimes, and its never clear whether it's even anyone's fault. Hi ;)I think this is more of an individual thing than a type thing. I am the same way and I'm ENFJ. You kind of described Ni xDENFJs don't complain about anything??? 0_o Am I some sort of weirdo?Music Teacher, or Music Director, or both xD.

ENFJ. Yo if you ever get there I'll do your music ;)Prevents a withdrawal headache later in the day xDI play piano, but I mostly direct my youth group's choir and schola, and I have written a dozen or so easy piano pieces. (Also I was kind of joking xD)Thanks. ;)Youve kind of become our resident badger xD. Find a thread and almost without fail, Critsrc will be somewhere in there with an overly sarcastic, cynical grumble ;)I do this. XDThisI'm ENFJ, and I can confirm this. At least for me, small talk is just a means. I don't like it either, but it helps lube things up for a deeper connection, so to speak xD. It's also the thing that Mets me decide if I even _want_ to get closer to the other person; should I try to actually make a friend, or should they stay an acquaintance? I LOVE the KillersOnly one here I listen to is DCFCSpot fucking on. I LOVE that phrase. "transcend their type". That is the whole point of MBTI, to know more about yourself and others so that you can strengthen your weaknesses and utilize your strengths. Not really a romantic or sexual attraction, but I have a strong affinity towards SFJs. I feel safe and happy around them, like all of a sudden I don't have to worry about anything anymore. :)I'm the same way, dude. :)Hmmmm... I would say constancy for me. ENFJs don't fall out of love unless forced to, so once the commitment is made, it's ideally there for life. Don't break it. Only had one relationship xD. With my "ideal type". Disaster. INFP is the ENFJs "ideal type". Fi vs Fe. I was always the bad guy when bringing up problems we needed to fix. I needed to bend over backwards where she wouldn't compromise at all. Finally I lost it and flipped out at her. She left. It's according to general consensus on it from socionics. Honestly, I think is do best with an SFJIt was confusing because I was confused xD. It was meant to come across as sort of a hand-wavy "idk but I've seen it a lot online". 

And yes, you are correct. I just looked it up. ;)

But really you do see those "MBTI compatibility charts" and ENFJs are always paired up with INFPs and ISFPs, and I don't understand why, because Fi and Fe are mortal enemies in many cases. Not particularly. :/
Aww I'm sorry. :(This chart gets passed around a lot, even though it is totally inaccurate. The best place to look for compatibility stuff is in socionics, and then translate that to MBTI. This chart has almost everything backwards. Yes! :)

Remember that for introverts, the Js and Ps  are switched around. Yayyyyy! My favorite type!Gandalf - ENFJPASSIONATENo? It depends on the setting. If I get a good vibe from the group, then I'm fine with it. If everyone is uncomfortable seeing me dance, then I'm uncomfortable too. Fe  is incredibly attuned to the group emotions, and it tends to match them. I would like to pose Se-types as the ones most likely to be unashamed of dancing in public Everything. And everyone else's things too. Seriously I'm so flooded by feelings awareness it's ridiculous. XD

Edit: plus, emoticons take the place of bodily expression for me online. :/ I use a FRICKton! And the sentence structure and word choice are also relevant. And the use of italics and bolds. Etc. Like I said, it's ridiculous. Meh. I've never had anyone call me out on it. *shrugs*If everyone listened to Bob Marley, the world would be a happier place. ;)I tend to overanalyze and obsess over all the negative things in my life, until I get to a point when I just say "Fuck it I'm done" and I call a friend and go bowling. Hahaha that's exactly what an ENFP is NOT! they've got Fi as auxiliary for crying out loud. I love the explanation and it clicked in many areas for me (tertiary though so not all applies ;) )

The end, though... You cram a lot of behavioral crap in there that is really individual. The person who works the most for what she believes in ("right here, right now, actually doing stuff") that I know is an ESFJ. Si auxiliary and Fe dominant. Fi, even though I know it's picked on a lot, really makes me uneasy. It's unreliable. On one topic it makes perfect sense and is the absolute champion. On another topic it is just as stubborn, but there's no logic to dissuade it, no common theme that it fits into, no predicting the what or fathoming the why. It scares me more than anything else xDLove my sub. No problems. ;)Yes xD. I think its a bit harder to balance feeling functions though. And this is coming from experience. :/Your Fe analysis is totally true. I've done that and its something I'm working on. Like I said in my comment, it's not that I find Fi particularly unlikeable or annoying. Just scary. And I know that this actually mostly stems from my own problems. I'll expound on that here. I have a serious issue with fearing and imagining abandonment, so a function that has the tendency that Fi does to magnificently ignore and fight outside influences scares me. What if they decide to leave? What if I can't understand what I'm doing wrong? What if... See what I mean. It's my own irrational need to please and my own oversensitive desire to understand and be in control of the situation that makes me scared. Just a wee bit dead yeah. Buuuut I love how small it is. I recognize people by username more often than not xDGeez no they shouldn't. They should do whatever the fuck they want. The individual is more important than their bloody personality. *fp*I'm super light and not muscular at all, so I usually just evade fights, but if I'm forced into one, as I was in high school plenty of times, I generally lowered my head and charged, trying to take them by surprise and get my shoulder into their stomach, then pick them up and slam them into the ground. To be "the best" in any field, it takes a prodigious natural talent, something that you don't just automatically have because you have Ti, and this must be coupled with a fuckton of hard work, also something that isn't a given just because Ti. To make this clearer, both of these things are also things that a person with Te is by no means barred from having in CS. I fail to see how you justify your sweeping generalization that Ti  types are automatically better at CS. Are these statistics? Carl Jung himself talking? Are you pulling it out of your ass?And I am asking, what is your basis for that? There is no statistic on that. Nothing from authority. There is only theory, and not even unified theory at that. MBTI as a theory is not meant to predict success or behavior. 


&gt;There is an irony in that most figures of authority e.g. college professors dismiss MBTI. 

Pretty sure you knew what I meant. 


&gt;I disagree. MBTI can definitely predict success and behavior, in fact that is precisely the archetypes of each personality type.


This is the main problem. The theory is not meant to predict bsuccess or behavior. That's just plain simple fact. If you use it as a behavioral theory, you end up putting people in boxes and overgeneralizing. 


&gt;I am sure if you typed people in the STEM department then you'd find a disproportionately high number of INTPs in CS and INTJs in engineering precisely because of Te and Ti. 


This is not an argument. I said there is no statistic so you say "I bet there could be". 

Also, from experience, as I am a CS major in my third year, I can tell you that Ti types hold no more sway or presence than others. I am an ENFJ, as you see from my flair. I know a few among my class pretty well, and they are an ENTP, an ISFP, an INTJ, and an ISTP.

Of course, you can't really conclude anything based on such a small sample size, but it certainly doesn't say anything to prove your point either, and the burden of proof falls on your argument, not mine. Yeah I just tagged these two clowns in RES as "behavioralists not worth arguing with". I'm done on my thread xD. And I'll know who they are if they turn up again. 

BTW, I've wanted to do music composition for a while now. I ended up settling on CS because it's something I love *almost* as much and it makes more money, but I may be looking at changing. What was your experience like? There's no such thing. You are one of the 16. Remember that your personality doesn't define what you do though, so that's why there's such a huge variation withing types, and why the test has so much trouble. This is CritSrc, /r/mbti's own little ultimate cynic. :)Would much rather talk. Or better, see the other person face to face. There are bits that are awful and bits that actually make sense. The intertype relations are fantastic! But a lot of the other stuff is just weird. Depends on the partner I'm sure. My pleasure is in pleasing the other person xD. Not surprising. Even if you have nothing to say to me, or you don't feel like you can be helpful, if I'm upset, just having you there is enough. I need people, specifically people I love, when I'm upset or stressed. You're a creep. ;)First off, I love the summary. And just a little thought on sympathy vs empathy. Sympathy is finding within oneself a similarity between you and another, and being able to understand the other because of that similarity. Empathy is *going out of oneself*, essentially leaving one's own experiences behind, to become immersed in another's experience. This is indeed a huge characteristic of Fe and is why many Fe users struggle with their own identity if they let it take over their lives. This is how I see it: (from one of my other comments)

&gt;Sympathy is finding within oneself a similarity between you and another, and being able to understand the other because of that similarity. Empathy is *going out of oneself*, essentially leaving one's own experiences behind, to become immersed in another's experience. This is indeed a huge characteristic of Fe and is why many Fe users struggle with their own identity if they let it take over their lives. I think that's what I said though. :/ Fi has to search for something to relate to. "how would I feel if xxxx happened? It would be like I felt when yyyy happened. I understand now". Whereas Fe is basically "I know how that feels because.... Because." It just sort of happens. It's like we *become* the other person for a short time. I definitely would xD. I don't have to think very hard to realize what my "place" in a group should be. Also, I am constantly finishing my friends' sentences. Like, they'll be searching for the right word, and I know what it is already, from context, from their own personal way of speaking, etc. It happens A LOT.I think you're right, but also that we're both a bit short-sighted. An Fi-dom I believe is less likely to try to empathize and has to put more effort into it when they do than an Fe-dom. However, there are some cases in which they may do it better. An Fe-dom has the idea or instinct of a sort of overarching moral fabric that all people share, (this is important to note. It doesn't only include people of the same beliefs, but tries to find a common ground between all people, no matter what.) and this moral fabric allows for immediate and effortless empathy for a majority of cases. However, with the Fi-dom's understanding of their own personal moral fabric, they are more ready to accept and empathize than an Fe-dom in those cases that fall outside the Fe-dom's universal morals. Whereas an Fi-dom can essentially take the other person's individual morality and examine it as it is, an Fe-dom has to take it and figure out which way it fits into their own system first, and if it doesn't fit, decide whether to expand their understanding of the universal or whether to reject it as immoral.Hehe. You said woo. Full of shit. There is absolutely no evidence that types are genetic, and you basically just ultra-derogatory stereotyped XSFJs.Conservative Distributist - ENFJI'm borderline and an ENFJ. AMA.This is one of my favorite videos of all time.ENFJ Anxious PreoccupiedI wasn't diagnosed at the time I found out my type. It wasn't until recently that my diagnosis kind of threw my type into doubt. "What if I only act like an ENFJ because I have attachment issues or don't want to be abandoned?" That sort of thing. I had a few months of indecision but I'm starting to become more sure again. What is clenching it for me is that during my "good times", I still act and think like an ENFJ. It's not only when I'm splitting or during my bad times that I need people and love and validation.It is a weakness for sure. It's a weakness that harms our own selves though, and it's not something that other people (as shown by yourself) take offense at. That doesn't make it any smaller of a weakness.Can confirm this. My ex would lean on me a lot for her problems, which is totally fine, except that she never ever wanted me to actually help. She just wanted someone to feel bad with and then the same problems kept happening over and over again. No action taken.

To be fair though, many people do this. I've got INFJ and ESFJ friends who do it as well.2Steps FTW!!!!!!! I found my person!!errrr no xD.

Single man, smokes a pipe (tobacco pipe, not the wacky kind either).

And, just to reference that link, I love ESFJs, so how dare you! :PHey peppermint!! Thanks for the post :)

I'm curious about your key though. For the first question, the one about respect, for me at least it seems to be totally backwards. I respect people with strengths and qualities that I am actively working on in myself; in other words, with strengths that _I don't naturally have_, so I would most likely answer that question with something like "Strong values and the conviction and drive to accomplish distinct goals" which is a pretty good description of the Te/Fi axis, when I have Fe/Ti. Is this something you considered when putting this together?Music, Language, and SocialOooh! I have you RES-tagged as "Awesome Explanations" and I am now reminded why xDI think that, as other people on the sub have said, functions cannot be taken and explained adequately by themselves, but only in the context of other functions.

I think that a good way to explain Fi is in the context of the Fi-Te axis. Michael Pierce describes this axis as "what do we want, and how do we get it?" as opposed to the Fe-Ti axis as "what do we think, and how do we express it?". This is why Fi-doms are often the most introverted of the introverts, because they are focused on their own personal goals and have little need to communicate that to others. As such, Fi-Te is driven and focused and can come off as very self-absorbed. Fi is the "What do we want?" part of that axis. It is the big dreamer and goal-maker.

A good example of someone with Fi is actually Captain America. He is extremely driven in his conviction against bullies and doesn't give a shit what other people think when he tries over and over again to sign up for the military. In Civil War, he sticks to his personal convictions about what he thinks is right; no compromises, ever.He is a very well-rounded individual, for sure. I'd classify him as primarily Fi-Te, but he has also done a good job of filling in his weaknesses. I have a friend like this. She's an INTJ, but I'd swear she has Fe if I didn't know her better. Remember the goal of MBTI is to understand yourself and try to make yourself a better person. The end game is to make it so people can't tell what your personality is because you've done such a good job at everything ;)I think he's trying to sound like Michael Pierce and half-failing at it xDI'm like that in many situations, but then very unlike that in many others... :PENFJ with BPD here.Si and Fe maybe?Yeah, honestly I think it's better to think of functions in terms of pairs anyway.Fi is extremely nuanced and very individual, and is therefore able to understand that there are many, many different ways of looking at things. Truly different ways too. While Fe accommodates other's beliefs with the idea that deep down, we are all trying to say the same thing, Fi allows for other's beliefs and truly thinks that we really are saying something different. Out of all the functions, I'd say that Fi is the MOST able to see shades of grey in most circumstances, followed closely by Ne.&gt;when someone is dumber or more misguided

But that isn't an isolated issue in Fe-Doms... It's literally a problem with every aspect of everything in the world. If people are wrong, misguided, malicious, whatever, then there's a problem. You can't condemn something just because it *can* go wrong.It is descriptive, not prescriptive. You cannot use it to make decisions, only to describe or express a set of qualities that it would be hard to express otherwise.This reads like a Buzzfeed article xDNope ;)All of them? Everyone needs some alone time.&gt;The idea that extroverts "get energy" from being with people is bs.

Whaaaaat?&gt;Nobody comes home from a six-hour dance party feeling like they have more energy than they did when they started.

True.... but not really relevant in a lot of people's cases. I hate big parties and large gatherings in general, but there's a pretty sizeable people whom I can be around and I basically go through the roof. My happiness skyrockets, I'm super energetic, basically I'm unstoppable. And I'm not exhausted afterward because dancing isn't really something I do ;) We mostly talk, sing (A lot of these people are from the choir I direct), and play party games like Catch Phrase and Charades.Those analogies though! xDDon't you mean divulge?roneINFJOP plsI have a pretty well-balanced life right now, so I don't think I'd be too badly off as an ISTP, though everyone I know would have to adjust pretty drastically, which would be really rough.I don't think it works like that.My ex is INFP and it was such a challenge with the "I don't know".

I like to think I got pretty good at figuring out whether she meant "I don't know", "I don't want to talk about it", or "I know and I want to tell you but I need some time to think about exactly how to say it and I don't even know what I mean but please."Actual logic and shit is not dependent upon functions. There was someone here a little while back claiming that nobody could be a software developer unless they had Ti. Like, straight-up couldn't be one ever. That's not how functions work. They are descriptive, not prescriptive. If someone values and prefers self-contained logic over other things, then they have Ti, not the other way around. Anyone can *use* logic. The functions show what a person *prefers* in their everyday lives.I think I'm done with this sub after seeing your downvotes here...  
You are absolutely correct.
That's not how cognitive functions work.Yeah, Fe first so I'm basically just the human version of a commercial: emotional, fake, and stupid /s

But that's actually not why I'm making the post xD

This is a response to multiple things I've seen on this sub recently. People are trying to equate the functions to things that they are not.Show your work, please.

EDIT: Actually, sorry about that. That wasn't very tactful. On second thought, I do know a context in which what you say is true. People with severely high IQs do tend to be more introverted. However, correlation is not causation, and even if there is causation here, I am more inclined to say that the overly-high IQ is what causes the introversion, as the person in question is likely to experience sensory or cognitive overload very easily. Not the other way around though. Also, this introversion is a different kind of introversion than that described by MBTI. They mean different things.shitposts and memes are an art form ;)YOU ARE SO RIGHT AND I HADN'T EVEN NOTICED THAT!!! 0_o

I don't think I've participated directly in any double-standards, but yeah! I've certainly seen it, and it is a real problem.... However, I think that it is also something that is really pushed along by a lot of thinking types. Look at /r/enfj for example. The sub is full of INTPs posting about how inept they are at feeling stuff. I resolve to comment correctly on those posts from now on :)it'll be okay.ENFJ-Bishop?Whaddya mean never nude?&gt;Its a Te/Fe/Si world.

That's literally impossible. Te and Fi go hand in hand, and so do Ti and Fe.

&gt;Step in line.

Every other goddamn poster says "Be yourself" That data is out of context though. Anyone with Te will also have Fi lower down in the stack. And if you're talking about only dominant and auxiliary functions, then it is completely irrelevant to this thread, because the ENTP's Fe is tertiary and they have NeTi first.I say again, what you are bringing up has nothing to do with this thread, even though it may be valid.

To directly address your comment though, I'd say that the world's acceptance of Fi and Ti is pretty darn good nowadays. Sure, Te and, to a lesser extent, Fe are still very well established especially in business and politics, but the incredible rise of Information Technology, a distinctly Ti-oriented field, and the massive modern push of social marxism, (even in the United States), which always favors the individual and minority, show a definite trend towards the upholding of Ti and Fi.

Part of the problem, something that will *always* be a problem, is that Fi, by its very nature, is not scalable to the level of a whole society. I know this isn't a perfect analogy, but it helps to illustrate my point, so here we go: If Fi is individualism itself, then it is *still* the distinct role of Fe to wish that individualism becomes a universally accepted value. Fi doesn't care for universal or societal values. That is Fe's domain. So, a society, by its very nature, will be more aligned with Fe than with Fi. It is not a problem with any particular society, but with societies in general.&gt; What other benefits will there be from a rise in Ti/Fi? What do you think could be the downsides of the rise of Ti/Fi?

I honestly have no clue xD. I don't think it's something that I'd be able to discuss without a TON more knowledge than I already have.

&gt;Do you think with the rise of Ti/Fi that there will also be a bigger push for honesty, and transparency in society? One ran to be correct, rather than efficient? One with more debate and discourse rather than faction vs. faction rivalries?

I don't think, however, that any of these will be the case. As far as how governments and the world in general works, it is always about money... I'm a pessimist in that way. There has never been, in the history of the world, a government that has not at heart been an oligarchy, and I feel that this is something far outside the scope of Jungian theory. Greed is universal.
I'm not terribly drawn to wealth either except in the sense that it provides stability (End goal to take care of loved ones... yeah I'm an ENFJ...)

I'm just saying that those who do care about wealth will by nature be those who accumulate the most wealth, and those who have the most money have the most power. That will never change.ENFJ. I am extremely relieved. I'm relieved that we don't have another Clinton in office. I'm relieved that we don't have a contested election. I'm relieved that it's all over. I think that the despair and anger all over the internet is the biggest overreaction I've seen to anything in my lifetime. Nothing is going to drastically change no matter what happens. Money rules the world, and that's just how it works.Thank you for being a voice of reason amid all the anger and anxiety.I don't think too much will change in the grand scheme of things. I'm pretty sure that Trump will become a lot less of a public fanatic now that he doesn't feel like he has to attract as much of a press. I also think that he has a lot of opposition in his own party.

It makes me sad for my country that it came to this, but I have a clear conscience about my vote, I trust in my God to let it all work out in the end, and in the American system of Checks and Balances to keep anything drastically evil from happening.That is definitely something to be legitimately worried about. However, Obama didn't really fix anything and I have no doubt that Clinton wouldn't have either. I have friends - lower middle class - who for the first time in their lives could not afford health coverage last year because of the price spikes and the lack of government help. These are people with large families, who work very hard, and one of them in particular is deeply involved with caring for the poor and mentally disabled. While I don't doubt that Obamacare was a benefit to many people, to many others it has been devastating. I don't claim to know the solution and I think it's overall such a complex issue that no average voter could possibly have a really good idea of what could fix it. I don't want to be a cop-out, but at the same time it's like... what do I do? So I voted with the rest of my family and trusted my father who manages a financial law firm to vote correctly.Michael Pierce covers exactly this in his Axes Comparisons videos.Yep. We got along really well the first time we hung out, and after that, for some reason, just started butting heads.hehe do I even need to answer this? xD ENFJYou do sound like an ENFJ. Most if that hits it right on the head. Head on over to our sub and see us!! /u/vipertongnYou're a little bit of a role model xDSame here. All I can say is that you've got to be one hard-ass INFP to handle a close relationship with an ENTJ.This is a total trollpost xD"says 40 hail Marys" XDI wish I were an ENTJ sometimes. Then I snap out of it and find someone to hug xD*hugs*Te-Fi: "What do we want, and how can we achieve it?"

Fe-Ti: "What do we think, and how can we communicate it?"

That's why.it's a mysteryBest commentHeyo!!I saw vipertongn on /r/AskThe_Donald yesterday and got pretty stoked xDI like this. What? xD&gt;  friendships is a circumstance thing for many people, not something they actively maintain

:'( This is something that I as an ENFJ just cannot fathom.I'm just amused that you brought it up in the first place. ;) pretty sure everyone understood OC without the correction.I get it. It's amusing though.That's a gem of a quote there! Wow!*? ;)I'm an ENFJ and I envy you ISFJs and also INTPs for their constancy and calmness. Thank you for always being there for the people in your life.Well shitHeyyyyyo. ENFJ here. Wishes I had some ISFJ and INTP qualities ;) I could do with a little less extroversion.If you're neurotic and crazy then you're INFJ. If not, ISFJ. 

EDIT: /s... DuhI make sure that when I'm stressed, I never immediately follow my gut reaction to spill it to someone or seek comfort in someone else. I always (at least recently since I've been working on it) give myself a little time of concentration first, when I try to focus on something other than the problem, whether that be through YouTube, working on Homework, chopping wood, whatever. That way I can gauge whether or not it's actually a huge problem and I also mitigate any emotional dependencies on the people I love so that they don't come back to bite me later.I was a total outcast in my class, but I got along reeeeally well with the class below me and I had some really fast friends in the class above me as well....Thing is about comedians, you can't judge them by their act, because it's... an act. It's usually not really them on stage. That being said, I've heard Robin Williams referred to as an ENFJ multiple times.HiThrowing parties all the time. "you don't even try to meet my expectations" from my mom. I seem to be able to communicate with literally everyone but her. INFPs and xSFJs for the research. Any other EXXX for ignoring. INTPs awkwardly making love to the whole ENFJ subreddit ;)NahIf you're taking theoretical physics, then college is the accumulation of knowledge. If you're taking computer science, then it's the practical application of knowledge like logic and math into something that you will really do in the field. (CS relies heavily on Ti by the way, not Intuition). If you think college is just memorizing shit and accumulating information you're fucking retarded. Universities are complete melting pots. Everything and anything can be found at a university. It is social, so therefore that means only Extroverts can succeed right? Wrong. But wait, there are sports so that means only sensors right? Wrong. (plus sensing and intuition have fuck all to do with physical vs. mental activities) But wait... you could do this forever and it's all just selective reasoning.

Also, you are equating happiness with money, which is complete and utter bullshit. It 
*may* be easier for intuitives to make money (though I doubt it), but life as a whole depends upon you as a person and your particular circumstances and it's definitely not just "easier" for intuitives. There can and certainly are correlations between type and success, but I think that what happens is probably that most Sensors are grouped closer towards the middle of the bunch, and most Intuitives live either at the high end or at the low end, with some scarcity towards the middle. I would bet that when it comes down to monetary success (with all other factors such as race, upbringing, etc. controlled) that that's how it would play out too. Most of the high end would be Intuitives, and most of the low end would be Intuitives, but the middle would have a lot of Sensors.

Awww...

EDIT: Also, it appears I was wrong. The correlation seems to be based on something else, not on N vs. S.

http://cdn4.tech.co/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/myers-briggs-average-income.jpgENFJs and INFPs for fuck's sake stop acting like you two were meant for each other. You're not. You won't get along and you'll grow to hate each other unless you're seriously the most mature people on planet fucking earth. Just stop. Fucking stop.Geez I'm tagging you as untrustworthy. /s

On the serious side, I've found ENFJs to be the people who give others the most second(third fourth etc.) chances unless they've gone all codependent on someone.ISFJs are lovely though.... I take straight espresso... or green tea, soooo???
I seriously had a a hard time understanding what the fuck you were trying to say right there... Nobody is implying that being nice means that the problem can't be solved rationally... ever, and I have never heard that before.

&gt;I've had this anger built up...

That's your problem then. Don't try to get others to change to fit your anger problems. When I'm nice, it's because I respect you enough to not want to show you the train-wreck that is me when I lose it and become not-nice.Or "Could you please get that out of the way so I can work? Thanks..."

Less energy expended, same outcome, no chance of scaring anyone off...I do feel good when something is solved, but if it's not my problem and you come at me yelling Imma just think "not my problem, asshole" and go about solving my own problems instead. To think that anyone should do otherwise is a mark of arrogance on your part. It has nothing to do with type.Which is why you're not making sense. I'm going to act differently in different circumstances because... they're different circumstances. You can't even communicate properly what kind of scenario you are talking about and then making a grand generalization of people that is entirely inaccurate.I think I understand the scenario. I'm just like that with some of the co-workers I've been working with for a long time. For me, it's a matter of familiarity. I can be "rude" and can likewise take rudeness in return if  it's someone I know well and I know how they work. It sort of is a matter of status in my eyes. If someone assumes they can be that way with me without having known me for a while, it's like "Wait. Who do you think you are?" I still don't think it's really a type thing. I know many T typed people who do not tolerate rudeness from others because they don't appreciate the disrespect. They obviously don't obsess over it, and nobody should, but they sure aren't proponents of universal rudeness.That makes a lot of sense. I'd say that Fe especially has a very prominent understanding of how common practices of politeness contribute to the smooth-running of a project or in the solution of a problem efficiently. Especially when you've got people who all think different stuff (like you and I, for example), that etiquette actually establishes a common ground and a basis for others to work together more easily and more efficiently. Luckily, nobody is pure Thinker or pure Feeler. Everyone has 4 functions to draw from, so this is why everyone is *able* to work in groups, though some are better at it than others.

EDIT: Forgot to finish my thought. Feelers have an understanding of the components that are needed to get a group project working properly, but Thinkers will have the end goal more in mind and can lend a focus to the group. Everyone brings different things to the table, which is why it's a group project in the first place, right?

EDIT2: (Also I think that this applies mostly to Fe vs. Te. Fi and Ti don't seem to have much to do with the discussion)I'd say either Si or Fi. INFP Evil... ?That proves that ENFJs are just evil INFPs. 

(I got the same result) ;)Though it did begin with the Ancient Greeks and the 4 humours, it does have a really solid development into psychology. I actually give this system more credit than MBTI as it explicitly targets innate emotional tendencies decoupled from actual decisions and behaviors. The point of the temperaments is to know oneself in order to master your own strengths and mitigate your weaknesses. Could you make an actual post with this? It's really good.INTPUgh I actually am on the fence about this one. It's so hard to write cover letters because you really do have to toot your own horn, but *tactfully*, like, not an idiot...&gt;Doesn't change the light bulb, because using a light bulb will use up energy which is bad for the environment.

Um, what?Isn't it the same as anchoring bias?
ENFJ: Male: I believe in saving sex til marriage because sex leads to babies (I'm also pro-life) and marriage typically does a good job of making sure the father sticks around to help his wife and his children. Really, that's what marriage is for.&gt;Now even as an INTP with inferior Fe I have a need for the group to like me and somewhat fit in (tho I suck at it) so what makes you think that as an Fe aux you don't like fitting in and like to be "oh so majestic and unique"?

YupI'm ENFJ and my worldview is very well represented by Ben Shapiro. Facts over feelings. Religion has historically been WAY more good than bad. (he's Jewish and I'm a Traditional Roman Catholic, so we differ there, but still) However, I'm not gonna debate you unless you start it or we're in a conducive setting to a debate. (That's my personality showing.) I think upbringing and individual research and interest affect worldview much more than personality type.There were bad people who used the Church to get into positions of power and then abuse that power, yes, and that is a blot upon the human institution part of the Church, something to be repulsed at and something to take for future precaution. Any powerful organization will have this kind of abuse. However, if you look at all the good that monasteries, convents, seminaries, missions, and the Christian set of morals have done over the centuries in quiet simple ways, there is nothing that comes even close to outweighing that. It is the Christian worldview that allowed the Renaissance and the Western Enlightenment. It was the monasteries that preserved the classics and the arts throughout the lengthy collapse of the Roman Empire as well as nearly single-handedly helped the poor and destitute throughout the Middle Ages. It was the Church that founded universities and eventually found a way to teach a huge number of people to read. Research the life of Father DeSmet if you want to see the Catholic impact upon the Native Americans while nearly all the rest of the Euro-American world trampled on them. Those are just some examples.I got INFJ. All the functions are there at least! :DENFJ: Physical Touch and Quality Time. Pretty sure it was a joke xDIt's also somewhat of a meme, so a lot of this is a joke too. INFPs get treated like the "poor Harriet"s of the MBTI world because in all honesty, nobody knows how to deal with you guys. No matter how much you try to pretend otherwise, Fi is strange. Not worse, not better, just strange. I think ENFJs and INFJs probably have the best luck understanding INFPs and even then it's a best case scenario of getting to the same conclusion by totally different paths. Since reddit says your comment was deleted when I tried to reply:

I get it. Personally, I think this community should stay completely away from personal-experience-land, type-mes, etc. It needs to stick to theory development and humor. That's what it's good at. There are some people who pick on Fe also and I just kinda think "Well fuck you too" and move on, but it's still retarded and I shouldn't have to look at that. Same thing with Fi being picked on. Mods are kind of absent here.If someone was robbing my home and they looked like they could be a threat to my family, I'd shoot them. If I was entirely alone in the house, I'd probably just hide, call 911 and write down everything I could see about them, their car, etc.Greet me with a hug please.
*hugs back* :)He's banned from a lot of the individual type subs already. We've got him banned at /r/enfjGot INFJ. Am ENFj. This test is worthless. OP, rethink your life.Good on you for replying to that shit comment with thought xD. It's stereotypical, low effort, and dismissive.ENFJ me: Derp https://imgur.com/gallery/83VMKENFJs. We've got 100xp in Persuasion, it being our primary mode of survival, whereas ENTJs only have 60xp, their primary mode of survival being Intimidation. Whereas INTPs isolate themselves from the world to work on whatever retarded project they have. See look! I can do it too!I wasn't being serious, lol. Just feeding the troll. Honestly, I don't think my ENTJ sample size is large enough for me to give an opinion. I use MBTI for my own personal improvement and knowledge, not to judge others. Maybe I'll just manipulate him into thinking he's hurt lol.INFJMichael PierceMeeeee!WTF are those ads on that page?Built-in browser on mobile. 

But seriously, NSFW dat shit. https://youtu.be/PslZmOXOChE

https://youtu.be/y3fEi1EgmQ4

These two videos evaluate and rank the functions in terms of their objectivity. He offers incredible insight into things that are typically very hard to explain, such as Fi , Ti, and both introverted and extroverted Sensation. 

He does, in the first video, make a bit of a communication error, as he seems to paint Se as if it is simply sensory input. However, he acknowledges this in the second video and explains himself further to attempt to avoid confusion.[removed]Ti is not equal to logic.  
Ni is not equal to pattern-recognition.  
Fi is not equal to individalism.  
et cetera et cetera et cetera.

The IQ Test does not "use Ti" and whatever else. It needs logic and pattern recognition, etc.

Ti is a *preference* for coherent logical structures. It is not the logic itself.  
Fe is a *preference* for a harmony among people. It is not the harmony itself.

People need to stop saying these sorts of things.

Another thing is that *preference* is not equal to *proficiency* (credit to /u/relativezen for that one). Just because someone has a preference for a certain way of thinking doesn't mean that they are by default good at it. A really smart ESFJ is going to use logic better than a really dumb INTP.  
Now, it must be stated that *usually* someone will be more comfortable working with something that they've preferred their entire life, but not necessarily. And this all goes totally out the window when we start factoring the HUGE differences from person to person and how you *can't, simply can NOT* put everything in an MBTI perspective. MBTI is a focused, descriptive theory. It is not meant to predict or judge anything. Rather, its purpose is to give names and some sort of reasonable structure to common personality traits so that we can actually talk about them without having to clarify and define our terms all the time. (though obviously that's not really working xD)At least we're together :DENFJ dating an ISFJ, possibly gonna propose by the New Year.What the hell?Why?Enfj here. That's true, but it's usually unconscious and it mostly just makes me feel bad when the "contract" isn't met, and then it makes me feel worse because I realize it's there and I feel like a terrible person. And then I realize the circular thinking I've put myself in, laugh at it, and move on. I think it's the other way around. Depressed people are more likely to shut themselves off from others. It means you don't share my values, obviously.If you comment enough, the algorithm will divine your personality from the tone of your words and bestow it upon you with great pomp and circumstance.I'm about where ISTP isIt's the function that involves the attempt to process and understand the present using internalized experiences, either from memory, or from stories told by others. So the box of memories thing makes some sense and being picky about it ain't gonna help the symbol
I thought it was ENFJ-INTP? As an ENFJ, I also find INFPs frustrating.Dumbledore is xNFJ for sure. Maybe an ENFJ in youth, INFJ in old age. One of the best, most nuanced examples of xNFJs' manipulative tendencies ever put into writing (see? not always bad!).Okay, I'll give this a shot. My guess is INFP.

**Fi** seems likely since you have internal, personal beliefs/dislikes that seem to guide a lot of how you view the world, which don't seem to be terribly influenced by how other people feel about them - like when you mention how you don't adhere to "trendy" views. You describe yourself as "easily fired up," mention getting "irrationally annoyed," "blood boiling," etc., which makes me think, again, that your internally-constructed beliefs and feelings are at the steering wheel here.

**Ne** seems likely based on the world-ending fantasies ("what if" scenarios) and the trends you're suggesting re: corporations. See also conspiracy theories and what also seems to be a general fascination with tying things together and getting a bird's-eye view of the world based on a lot of disparate points of information. You talk about "patterns" of morality, but this is clearly driven by a core need for beliefs and morality (rather than beliefs/morality being driven by systems).

That brings us to **Si**, which is a gimme since that largely involves "replaying" past events in your head to glean more information. You explicitly go into that in your answers: "I replay conversations ... to 'double check' I got across everything I intended." Also backed up a bit by process of elimination, since you don't seem to have an Se-driven fascination with the physical world. 

**Te** is the kicker for me when reading this, though. Te is all about reason, empirical thinking, and demanding logical consistency. If I'm right about INFP, this would be your inferior function. "Logic" talk permeates many of your answers: "People who are ... unwilling to question their systems of belief/thought" frustrate you, as do "unthinking" or "hypocritical" people. You "love getting new information," and to make it a bit easier, "like doing symbolic logic proofs." 

In my experience (and I think there was a thread about this the other day, too) INFPs seem to really highlight Te beyond what you might expect from an inferior function. I think this comes out in a couple places - you mention using encyclopedias and factoids as a way to ease into socializing, which shows Te being used in service of your other functions (rather than holding emphasis/importance unto itself or higher in the stack). Your brief swipes at "'science'" (quotes yours), evolutionary biology, and literally every corporation also seem to be cases of internally-developed core beliefs and systemic views digging up logic-oriented reasoning rather than vice versa. Again, this is something I've really seen in INFPs, and *interestingly,* has caused a few of them to mistype as INTPs because they initially overstate their impartiality/cold reasoning when testing.

Anyway, I'm a newbie at this sort of thing, but that's my guess. Let me know what you think!Fi could manifest in a lot of ways, but you definitely don't need to know how you feel about everything - that can be an ongoing process, and in fact, Fi is often about a quest to both understand and be true to yourself. What's important to establish Fi-dom is that internally-constructed values are leading the other functions, and I definitely see that in your responses. 

What might be throwing you is that it seems like one of your "values" is a humility of knowledge - you call yourself a dilettante and talk about how you dislike dogmatic behavior, hypocrites, people who don't question their beliefs, etc. So you go in expecting Fi to mean that you have values that make you sure about everything, but one of your values clearly involves not acting like you're sure about everything because that behavior frustrates you. That's my impression, at least!Agree. As an Fe-dom, for instance, my answer to that question would've talked a lot about people who don't make an effort to empathize or people who don't care about making the world a better place. Both of those are driven by a desire to maintain social harmony, and have definitely been constructed in tandem with social needs vs. constructed independently of social behavior/expectations.I had posted a really similar comment above before I noticed your post - I'm not surprised at all you relate to him as an INFJ, and I'm constantly a little puzzled that he's so readily typed as ENFJ (though I'm happy to accept the kudos to ENFJs...). To me, Biden is a more classic ENFJ and if Obama is an ENFJ, he is very weak on the E. This mistyping would make a little sense, since xNFJs who aren't on the introvert/extrovert extremes tend to blur together a bit more than other E/I-switched types in my experience.I feel like a lot of the great political/social speeches would qualify. The I Have A Dream speech is classic ENFJ/INFJ.Initially I thought the title said "INFJ or ENFJ," and I was ready to type up a response that said "you sound more like an ENTJ than either of those, to be honest." So yeah, ENTJ.There is, but this is the only way to limit it to one response per user. If it makes you feel better, the emails are completely invisible to me, I only see the timestamp and the responses.Interestingly, only one of the pro-Trump responders so far reported being a US citizen of voting age. Going to watch that trend as more answers come in. (Note: please continue to answer honestly so we can learn!)

edit: This has since changed! But is still fluctuating. I added some metrics in the spreadsheet that show this stat live.Sure, but just a note, the results are live at the top of the page in my original post and can be viewed by anyone, including correlations. Personally, I always get annoyed when I take a casual reddit survey and then end up never seeing the results because I forget about them by the time the survey closes.

edit: a grammarI'll do another chart with the non-eligible voters weeded out, but because the 2nd question lumps together age and nationality, I can't separate the two. Would a chart of only eligible voters make you a bit happy?Sure thing. I'll get to it a bit later, heading to a debate party in the meantime. Priorities!I have the individual responses but I've hidden them for now. When you say 'each type's response,' what do you mean? (I figured the vote preference by type in the spreadsheet I linked in the OP should answer most questions.)70 so far. I'm x-posting to the subs for types with low response rates, hoping to break 200 or so within a few days.It sounds like you're looking at the default post-survey graphs instead of the spreadsheet. Check out the second link in the OP!Sure thing! Glad I could help.Yeah, I can see the case for that. I really wanted to make it as painless as possible, though - I even waffled about including that question at all. If I ever do it again, I'll probably do that!Hey! Planning to do this in addition to the current chart when I get home. It's on my radar. Thanks! Yeah, what're y'all up to? Totally throwing off the otherwise uniformly liberal Idealists.no comment ;)ENFJ, 12/40. I'm sorry to bring up our average! :(I like yours! I'm also an ENFJ, and I stole mine from Benjamin Franklin, who famously asked himself every morning: "What good shall I do this day?"

As close to a motto as I have.I agree about ExFP but I think ENFP. Generally stereotyped as more introverted than the E would let on, and not many signs of Se in what OP said. Maybe an ENFP light on the E.this is a good server

I am very unbiasedWE'VE BEEN FOUND OUT

CHEESE ITENFJ, pretty standard liberal, leaning a bit toward social democracy. Shout-out to Joe Biden, my liberal ENFJ role model.Hey /r/MBTI! Started thinking about this today and as far as I can tell, this hasn't been done yet this year. 

**MBTI/Presidential Election Survey**

https://goo.gl/forms/aifWRHqTkUJbFO092

So here's a simple survey that just asks for your Myers-Briggs type and how you're planning to vote in the 2016 U.S. presidential election! I included Clinton, Trump, Johnson, Stein, not voting, and unsure options. Please feel free to spread the survey around to get more responses!

Don't think I'm breaking any rules, but let me know if I am. Just thought it'd be a fun debate-day exercise!

**LOOK AT THE LINK BELOW FOR DETAILED RESULTS!**

edit: **[Here's a link to the response spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1c9OIPCD2RhWeA6mIKclwaNelOvAZR_asEfJV7DpTaFs/edit?usp=sharing)**, I'll make some graphs once I get enough responses.

edit 2: **250 RESPONSES!** I'll do some more metrics and visualization when it (hopefully) hits 400. If you know any ESFJs, make them take it! We only have one so far, and something tells me ESFJs aren't 100% Trump supporters.

**Some highlights so far:**

**Idealists** have the greatest Clinton preference by a 9-point margin, and the most liberal preferences (Clinton/Stein vote) by a 24-point margin. (Trump has 0% preference with ENFJs and INFPs right now.)

**INFPs** are pretty done with this shit, as indicated by a full 29% of them either not voting or unsure how they're voting.

**ENTJs** are really positive that none of them agree, with a nearly-even split between Trump, Johnson, Stein, and not voting (though Clinton leads), but 0% unsure.
I think the salient difference would be whether you have the project-ee's consent or not.

Trying to change somebody else without their consent is manipulative and cruel.  But helping someone improve and grow when they are appreciative and desiring of such can be amazing.I like being an object of attention and affection in general.  Feeling wanted, needed, appreciated, taken care of.  But also given space and freedom when I need it.  Being doted on.  Getting gifts and having things done for me.  I don't like people who are jealous or possessive, just grateful to have me and who try to show that a lot.

I like people that have really strong opinions and beliefs that are well-grounded and nuanced, but who are also curious and open-minded and interested in exploring my (and others') points of view as well.  I like people who ask a lot of questions and try to get to know me and my views.  I like good listeners who are persistent and inquisitive in conversations and will cover up awkward silences (or insist on enjoying them) so I don't have to be in charge of the conversational flow, but I prefer to speak more than listen most of the time.

I like people who work hard at things, take risks, people who are brave, who push themselves, and who I can trust to get things done and do what they say they will.  I like people who push me too, to try new things and challenge myself.  I like being told what to do when it's done with my interests in mind. :3

People who forgive me/like that I change my mind a lot, that I'm tempestuous and stubborn, who like it when I'm selfish, and who want to please me.  But it's also important to me that they push back and stand up for what they believe in, not just roll over to please me.

People who are respectful to everyone they meet, who are very skilled at remaining calm in emotional situations, who are persuasive and intelligent.  Maturity.  Experience.  Insight.  People who fix problems the first time I mention them, and work hard to keep them fixed.

People who think about me a lot and remember the things I say, do, and care about.

I feel like I could go on forever lol.Here are the philosophies and practices that have been most useful to me in both battling my own demons and fostering good communication in relationships.  For an ESTJ to make this work, you're going to have to approach this from a Te point of view - even as an ENFJ, I have to let go of my instinct to view each interpersonal situation on a case-by-case basis, and instead force myself to put into practice the ideas and principles from these teachings.  We have to build the framework - what is true for all humans? - before we can understand the nuances of individuals.  I find that analyzing and studying human behavior and interaction - and personal self-discovery - from an objective, almost scientific point of view gives me the space and detachment to notice (and enjoy) these nuances more.

The following strategies and resources are those that have proven particularly useful to me.  I hope they will prove useful to you as well.  I think it's helpful to approach them like an academic subject - take notes, analyze and dig deeper, look for related resources.  Take your time on it and approach it like a continuing education process.

**Self-work**:

* [The Power of Vulnerability](http://www.audible.com/pd/Self-Development/The-Power-of-Vulnerability-Audiobook/B00CYKDYBQ) and other work by Brene Brown
* [Stoicism](http://99u.com/articles/24401/a-makers-guidebook-9-stoic-principles-to-nurture-your-life-and-work)
* [Radical Honesty](http://www.amazon.com/Radical-Honesty-Transform-Telling-Truth/dp/0970693842)
* [Exposure and Habituation](http://cedar.exeter.ac.uk/media/universityofexeter/schoolofpsychology/cedar/documents/Exposure_and_Habituation_Colour.pdf) (this is specifically focused on overcoming anxiety, but is very useful for confronting/dealing with anything you avoid for fear of negative emotions)

**Communication:**

* [Active listening](https://www.mindtools.com/CommSkll/ActiveListening.htm)
* [Non-violent communication](http://www.amazon.com/Nonviolent-Communication-Language-Life-Changing-Relationships/dp/189200528X/)
* [General tips](http://bettermindbodysoul.com/effective-communication-techniques/)

**Relationships:**

(*note: These sources are mainly directed at polyamorous people but are super relevant for all relationships - romantic, platonic, or otherwise.  It makes sense: people who commit to multiple romantic relationships, by necessity, gravitate toward learning and developing strategies that maintain healthy communication and emotional stability.  The more people involved, the harder it is to "hide" emotional/relationship issues*)

* [More Than Two](http://www.amazon.com/More-Than-Two-Practical-Polyamory/dp/0991399706/)
* [Multiamory podcast](http://www.multiamory.com/podcast/) (scroll for interesting/relevant topics)
* [Poly Weekly podcast](http://polyweekly.com/) (ditto)

Btw the most emotionally mature person I know - at least in terms of communication and self-development - is an INTP, so don't let being an inferior Feeler hold you back.  If anything, it can be an asset, because you don't have to "un-learn" as many erroneous or situational beliefs and values that us dom Feelers have been collecting since childhood.

Also, feel free to PM me at any point with specific questions, and I'll do my best to help. :)I don't think there's any reliable/consistent data about that, if we're approaching typology from a functional standpoint and not a dichotomous one.Socionics can be useful for this.  Read about the four functions in question, in the positions indicated by the chart below.

* [Ne](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/information_elements/Ne)
* [Se](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/information_elements/Se)
* [Si](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/information_elements/Si)
* [Ni](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/information_elements/Ni)

Function position chart:


 | INFP | ISFP
---|---|----
creative (2nd) | Ne | Se
mobilizing (3rd) | Si | Ni
demonstrative (6th) | Ni | Si
vulnerable (7th) | Se | Ne

As a sidenote, I find that their descriptions of mobilizing and vulnerable functions can be reductive and sometimes hard to identify with, so I wouldn't put *too* much stock in them.

***

You can also just read some type descriptions and see what you identify with more.

**INFP** *(please note that this type is referred to as INFj in Socionics, because it leads with a* **j***udging function (Fi), or as EII, so don't get confused!)*

* [Sociotype description](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/EII-INFj/)
* [Filatova description](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/49-INFj-description-(Filatova\))
* [Gulenko description](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/288-INFj-The-Humanist-Profile-by-Gulenko)

**ISFP** *(referred to as ISFj, or ESI, in Socionics)*

* [Sociotype description](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/ESI-ISFj/)
* [Filatova description](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/36-ISFj-description-(Filatova\))
* [Gulenko description](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/290-ISFj-The-Guardian-Profile-by-Gulenko)&gt; Behavioral clues

The one caveat I'd add is that behavior can be very useful for determining temperament:

The two main tells would be activity level and conversational patterns.

Activity levels:

* bouncing off the walls, constantly moving = ExxP
* happy to stay in bed all day, difficulty getting moving = IxxP
* likes to relax or do things, but feels guilty for not being productive = xxxJ

Conversation patterns:

* feels more relaxed/comfortable when talking = ExxJ
* feels more relaxed/comfortable when listening = IxxJ
* likes either about equally = xxxP

The activity levels in particular I have found to be very consistent.&gt; I act hyper

ENTP is much more likely.

Do you identify with [this description](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/37-ENTp-description-(Filatova\))?I would say just from my impression it'd be ISxP.

He seems to have good coordination and visual skills so Se is easy for him to use.  Used as a means to an end (comedy/feeling), though, not an end in an of itself.  His aesthetic also reminds me of certain kinds of ISFPs as well.  (e.g. I think [this band](https://youtu.be/0UYi5naMsfg) has a very Fi-Se aesthetic)

Of course it's really impossible to say, but a fun exercise regardless. :)Hmm...I'm just torn, because all of the circumstances you listed can also muddle how people express their axes as well.  For example, an IxFP with a history of abusive relationships might come off as very Fe, a necessary survival skill in such contexts.  But I agree that life circumstances in general can affect temperament/behavior as well.  So I think in the end it has to be done holistically.Oh you're right, I'm sorry.  I was looking at it from the perspective of trying to type someone else.  I agree that fundamentally the individual is the only one who has the full access necessary to their own cognition.&lt;3 Good luck!  :)It's certainly possible.

Why did you think you were?Which do you identify with more?  Feel free to bold the parts of either answer that you particularly identify with and strike through the ones you don't.

A. I take direct action to accomplish my goals and desires in the face of external obstacles, and also the interests of my close friends, family, or associates. This may involve prodding others to take necessary action, deliberately applying pressure in specific situations, or abruptly taking on an organizational role. I don't generally seek out confrontation, but I'm also not afraid of it. I take my responsibilities seriously, and I tend to perform them diligently and with care. I expect the same of others.  I'm confident of my ability to recognize and evaluate the physical condition and well-being of myself and others, aesthetic sensations, and the internal effects of sensory stimulants such as good food and relaxing situations. I can provide a convincing evaluation of these when promptedl; however, I regard soothing, relaxing things and discussions of them as sources of amusement rather than a priority in life. I don't treat them very seriously or allow myself to engage in them very often, despite my overall confidence in these areas. When I do choose to focus attention on my physical condition and well-being, I'm more likely to prefer a direct approach and impose a strict, demanding dietary or exercise regimen upon myself or others.

B. I like to apply my insight to specific situations, relating them to the bigger picture. I also enjoy discussing idealized circumstances or what could be rather than what is. Consequently, I usually have high standards, even unreasonably so, for those around me. I don't pursue ideas or new opportunities merely for their own sake, but for their application to specific questions and issues that I feel are important.  I'm quite adept at following discussions on the developments of present trends into the future and at contributing to them on occasion if I feel so inclined, but I don't take that as seriously compared to investigating possibilities in the areas I'm interested in at present. I usually dismiss supernatural claims as being silly, wishful thinking, unless they happen to be related to the very specific religion I feel inclined to believe in and which I may be inclined to make part of my leisure activities.Omg this is beautiful&gt; feminist and social justice clubs

This is often Fi fwiw&gt; Also, FJs don't really give a fuck for productivity.

Mmmm...myself and my ISFJ fiance would disagree with you...productivity in terms of accomplishing things, not in terms of efficiency.Based on these answers so far, I'd say INTP. :)The parts about rules and clumsiness are especially true for me.I decided IxTP before seeing your flair.  After seeing your flair I thought it would still be best to verify, so I tested aux Se &amp; demonstrative Si vs. aux Ne &amp; demonstrative Ni.  Your answer was somewhat inconclusive, leaning INTP, so if I hadn't seen your flair I would have probably kept asking questions.  As it stands however, I felt that was enough evidence to respond.If most people would describe you as quiet, level-headed, and serious, I'd venture to guess that ENTP is unlikely.  Additionally...slow speech, appearing stoned or tired, and the brevity of your comments...yeah, I would say it's not likely.Guessing entendre and implications is introverted perceiving; Si would likely be better at it if it were referring to a concrete event (past experience, movie quote, etc.), whereas Ni would be better at it if it were referring to a model- or metaphor-like comparison (e.g. [this comic](http://portermason.com/johnny/files/1997/04/063-960x330.png), especially if you took out the explanation).  Se and Ne could generate numerous possible observations and interpretations, but would not be drawn to try to find the most *likely* one.

Knowing the *social* implications of the situation you mentioned - not the thought, but how asking that question might be perceived or what it might represent to listeners - is more related to F.  Fi is more likely to have general rules ("it's not appropriate to ask about a girl's age when she might be underaged, because of the implications") whereas Fe would react on more of a case-by-case basis ("if he was leering or asking her mom, it would be inappropriate because it would make other people uncomfortable, but if he was just asking his friend in a neutral tone to get information, it's fine").  Fe is much less likely to think it is *inherently* immoral to do anything, including be attracted to or express attraction to underaged people, unless it has a negative effect on others (Fe is case-by-case, situational).  Fi is more likely to find it inherently unethical (Fi is internally consistent, general).

These are oversimplifications - developed Fi can have more complex "general rules" that allow for situations like this, and developed Fe can have a better understanding of how asking the question might, for example, have more far-reaching implications than is immediately obvious.

Conversely, underdeveloped Fi might not have had any experience needed to develop a rule about this situation, and underdeveloped Fe might be paranoid to say or do anything someone could take in the wrong way.

Low/underdeveloped F users (the ISTP) might not even consider the F implications. Or, he might have considered it on a basic level, in terms of "If she's underaged, it would be inappropriate to pursue, so I should obtain factual information in order to make the right decision," but not considered it on a more advanced Fe level, namely "What would people think of me for asking this question?" or "How would asking this question affect others in this circumstance?"  Being an inferior Fe user, he has little to no Fi, so he is almost never going to ask, "Is it morally wrong to ask this question?"

Also, have tertiary Ni means that even if he were going to try to guess how other people would take it, his guesses would likely be fairly basic and not include as much nuance as someone who had an introverted perceiving function higher in their stack.I feel like I skewed it :/  Same question as /u/CrowdedHighways.  Red is my favorite color, but the red here wasn't that pretty so it only got third.  And the other ENFJs answered red as their favorite so now I feel like I messed up :(Yes, any type can make it work with any other type.  Some will find it naturally easy to get along, but all combinations require communication and self-development to work.

I'm ENFJ dating an ISFJ and an INTP.For the record, I find Fe, Te, Ti, and Ni descriptions to be mostly complimentary.

I find Se and Si descriptions to be mixed (some positive connotations, some negative).

I personally find Ne and Fi descriptions distasteful.

I think it's a combination of descriptions in general not being particularly well-done sometimes, as well as your own personal values.  Being "random" and "energetic" are not things I would ever consider to be positive traits, although I can appreciate creativity and willpower...in certain contexts.Oh!!!

I have one, but it might be controversial.

I think Glinda from Wicked is ESTP (dom Se visible in "Popular", and inf Ni and vulnerable Fi visible in "Thank Goodness"), and Elphaba is INFJ (dom Ni and aux Fe visible in "The Wizard and I", inf Se breaking out in "Defying Gravity").&gt; I recoil from the slightest hint of social conflict and have no natural deference.

Ahhh, vulnerable Se. :)

Anyone who relishes snipey, personal arguments is generally unhealthy.  If direct insults, getting in someone's face, etc. bother you the most, I'd suspect it's likely Se that's getting to you (SPs and NJs).  Si/Ne is more likely to be underhanded or passive-aggressive.  (Reminder that we're specifically talking about unhealthy people here.)

Social coercion is often more Fe, but it can be Fi/Te as well, at any position in the stack.Feeling =/= emotions.

Feeling is about making value and ethical judgments and understanding the way things impact people and relationships (rather than impersonal systems and facts).

Fe asks "How does this impact people?"

Te asks "How does this impact the system?"

Fi asks "What feels right to me, morally?"

Ti asks "What makes sense to me, logically?"

This is a vast oversimplification, but basically, an ISTP can't turn off the Ti part of their brain that asks "What makes sense to me, logically?"  Even when you're with your girlfriend, that part of your brain is active.  But you also always have a part of yourself balancing that out with Fe's "How does this impact others?"  The healthier you are - the less you resist indulging in the latter question - the more well-balanced and mature you'll be.  Loving someone and being emotional can, however, make it easier to care and think about how your words or actions affect them, so it wouldn't necessarily be wrong to say that "My girlfriend makes my Feeling come out".I googled "red".  Here are the pictures of it I really like:

* [texture](http://m.rgbimg.com/cache1q1Mi9/users/b/ba/ba1969/600/mTOGTXW.jpg)
* [sparklies](http://www.freecreatives.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/Awesome-Red-Glitter-Wallpaper.jpg)
* [space](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/gravity-falls-roleplay/images/3/34/Red_Space_HD_Wallpaper.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20160110053357)
* [canvas](http://kingofwallpapers.com/red/red-018.jpg)
* [rose](http://cdn.wonderfulengineering.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/red-wallpaper-15.jpg)

I think the reason I wasn't into the one on the quiz is because it looks like it's fading/dull on the edges, and what I like about red is how intense/powerful it is.Yes.  1 is fine, 2 is best, 3 is eh.How do you feel about INTP?You're only 17, and I see a lot of Ti in your post.  Give it time...depth comes with experience.  Don't stop exploring and investigating.  Play to your strengths.

I wrote a brief guide to the functions, which you can find in the sidebar.  I really like a lot of the socionics descriptions of functions, which you can find [here](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/information_elements/).  Keep in mind that socionics labels the types differently (though the functions are the same), so an INTP in MBTI would be called an INTj or LII in socionics.  Other than that, the systems are fairly compatible.Ah t'es vraiment mignon &lt;3  J'aime beaucoup lire les pensées d'un ESTP. :P  C'est ce que je croix, de toute façon.  I see a lot of evidence for Se - references to competition and subjugation, in particular.

Out of curiosity, what types were you stuck between?&gt; These relations can be compared to getting splashed by cold water after the person has just woken up and gotten out of bed.

Oh I love Gulenko!!

That's exactly how I feel about my INTP.  Constantly refreshing, clear, pure, weightless.  But it can be choking and panic-inducing if you're not in the right mindspace for it.  You have to get good at not struggling.

Can you tell me any other sources you trust for this kind of  information?  The descriptions online of semi-duals often seem so negative, the implication being that "moth to a flame" means you'll inevitably get burned, but it doesn't have to be like that...there can be a dizzying orbit too, where you're always falling but never crash.

ETA: ::bounces:: After some investigating, I think we both may be intuitive subtypes.  This is so interesting; I'd never seen this before.  I feel so happy right now.Little flecks of broken promises

Suspended

Drifting through the viscous aether

Churning

/

And the night is crisp and clear

And the bonfire smoke seeps into my lungs

Molesting fingers, tendrils, prying me apart

Wrenching out my insides

Laying vigil in the dark

/

Would you wait with me, love?

Would you wait and watch and pray

As my flesh turns inside out

The pink and dripping swelling of regret

Is tender and coursed with tiny black veins

Pulsing in the quiet winter air

/

Would you help me, my love?

Drink in the sight of tiny shattered dreams

Embedded in my skin

Shingled, layer after layer

Scales of mirrors, plastered, sticking 

/

If you would just dig in

If you would just peel back the years

Caress the fresh pale skin that's grown beneath.

...

...

¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ ENFJAwww that's so sad :(  And pretty, I like it.:'(((((mmmm &lt;3

Orion is my constant guardian.&gt; Great french mastery there! o;

Thanks, haha!  It's been a while so I was nervous &gt;_&lt;

Your first thought for a turnoff is an Se one - chewing while eating, it's even in my answer key if I remember correctly.

People not knowing whether you're ironic or sincere also points to ESTP a lot.

That said, ENTJ is a definite possibility.  I don't find INTJ likely.

Would you like to try some more questions?

Choose which collection of statements you identify with more strongly.  Feel free to bold the parts of either answer that you definitely agree with, and cross out the parts that are definitely not true - but also try to holistically choose which set describes you better:

**A or B?**

A.

* I collect and share useful, productive, and relevant information, whether it's from my professional field, or something I find interesting and possibly useful in the future.  I'm comfortable showing what I know, correcting other people's factual inaccuracies, and offering productive information.  I try hard to be factually accurate, and expect others to do the same.
* To function well and maintain control over my life, I need to understand how my external environment works.  I care a lot about efficiency and optimization, and I'll offer suggestions to improve the systems in place.
* I need autonomy in my affairs and schedule.  I can be impatient and get frustrated if external circumstances hinder my productivity.  I also feel stifled if I don't have the flexibility to change my plans.
* I'm always looking for practical projects and ways to apply my knowledge.  I feel uncomfortable and restless if I can't pursue my projects and goals.  I feel comfortable when I have a lot of things to do.
* I mostly think about the future.  I like to think about the possible consequences and implications of my actions.  I have an entrepreneurial spirit and like to work toward my vision.
* I don't mind stepping up to lead if I feel like others are unqualified or that things are very inefficient.  I usually take care of "big-picture thinking" and let others manage lower-level details.  
* I communicate quite directly and formally.  I speak quickly and get to the point.  I like clear and unambiguous communication.
* I can be quite opinionated.  I am critical of widely-accepted viewpoints if I don't think they have facts to back them up.  Inwardly, I can be very reflective and philosophical.  I am constantly re-evaluating the information in front of me and trying to think about the same material in different ways.

B.

* I am strong-willed and independent, and I notice the willpower and motivation (or lack of it) in others.  I easily see power dynamics in groups.  I'm comfortable with hierarchy, and I want to be in a position where I have more control.  I like rules and expectations to be clear and enforced properly.
* I'm a natural leader, and I have no trouble taking the initiative when I see that others can't or won't.  I'm good at organizing people, and I have no problem "getting the job done".  I can be quite inflexible as a leader, but I take full responsibility for my actions.
* I look down on weakness and dependence, and I try to minimize my dependence on others.
* I feel comfortable acting with limited information, and things usually work out the way I want them to.  I prefer to act directly without thinking about it too much, but I'll try a new tactic if my current one isn't working.
* I don't hold back.  I'm very active, and I think on the move.  I am energetic and ambitious.  I like to dominate the world around me, and show off my strength at this.  I'm motivated by the prospect of rewards and status.  I like to prove my authority e.g. through a large amount of academic awards or extra curricular certificates.
* I'm good at figuring out how things fit together, and I analyze the world logically and rationally.  I gather information that's useful for my goals, and use the information to back up my claims.  I see the world as rather black-and-white, and often dabble in logical absolutes - something is either true or false.  I don't like ambiguity.
* I enjoy learning about a wide variety of things.  I come to my own conclusions, which I won't back down from even if others strongly disagree.   Sometimes I can jump to impulsive conclusions rather than think things through.  My interpretations can be relatively subjective; I don't always consider others' perspectives.  People say that it can be very difficult to argue with me; often I'll refuse to take others' advice or submit to another's logic if it's different from my own.  I have a tendency to be critical of others' ideas of when they don't mesh with my established interpretations.Fe is absolutely not selfless as a general rule.

A better way to describe it is that Fi is *self-focused* and Fe is *other-focused*.  But either of these can be selfish or selfless.

selfish Fi = I think she's an idiot and I'll tell her so, because I care about ~authenticity~.

selfless Fi = I refuse to intentionally cause harm to another person, even if I personally dislike them.  

selfish Fe = She wasn't nice to me so I'm going to throw a fit!  She can't get away with acting like that.

selfless Fe = She's going through a hard time right now, so some bad behavior can be expected and I should try to understand.

&gt; Fe would want the others getting that treatment, not themselves.

This is absolutely not true.  I am a super spoiled princess and I love attention and affection being lathered on me lol.

Fe is *situational, case-by-case*.  It makes decisions based on cause and effect.  Things are good or bad because of the consequences they have, either for the individual or for the outside world.  Extroverted functions are object-subject-object: What is the situation?  How does this affect me/others?  What effect should I work towards?

Fi is *general, intrinsic*.  It makes decisions based on moral principles.  Things are good or bad depending on whether or not they fit into an internally-consistent philosophical system of morality.  Introverted functions are subject-object-subject: What do I believe in? How does that apply to this situation? How do I feel about that?

***

**Advanced Fe - optional bonus reading**

Additionally, Fe [looks different](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/107-Signs-of-Functions-Eglit) in alphas (SFJs &amp; NTPs) versus betas (NFJs &amp; STPs).

I'm still learning about this, but essentially alphas work toward pruning and eliminating negative social effects to themselves and others and view the positive state as the "natural", healthy state.  Betas, on the other hand, work toward maximizing positive social effects and intensity of emotion, and view the negative state as useful and transitory.

In practice, from my experience, this comes across as SFJs and, to an extent, NTPs being more willing to sacrifice their time and energy (being "selfless") to resolve a negative problem or emotion and and create positive feelings, but less willing to sacrifice their comfort or self-interest (being "selfish") when they feel that their efforts are unlikely to produce *positive/happy* results.  On the other hand, NFJs and, to an extent, STPs, are more willing to sacrifice their time and energy (being "selfless") in order to push toward a deeper or more intense positive outcome, but less willing to sacrifice their time or self-interest (being "selfish") when they sense that their efforts are unlikely to produce *meaningful/important* results.

To put it in practical terms -

SFJs are better suited to baking cookies and being a shoulder to cry on.  You can think of them as "healers" - restoring HP in others.

NFJs are better suited to posting inspirational memes and engaging in "tough love".  You can think of them as "trainers" - giving XP to others.

***

Fi has its own dichotomy here too, but I've blabbered enough I think. :)This is so exactly right.  I do think about identity a lot, but more in terms of who I am *right now*, in relation to the other people and situations in my life, and how I've come to be this way, and what direction I'm going in.  There's very little about myself that I view as permanent or inherent, although I do still perceive a continuity there (even if it's illusory).&gt; I judge who I am.

With Ti, though, right?

It'd be interesting to look at the differences between how Ti and Fi construct an identity.&gt; So let's say in a group setting if one of your friends prioritized you over the other friends because they see you as being their "best friend".
Would you like that or hate it?

I'd love that, if I felt the same way about them.  If I didn't feel particularly close to them, it would make me uncomfortable.  I'd also be annoyed if they agreed with me or did something for me with the intention of getting me to like them - it would need to be a genuine expression of their feelings.

&gt; And is "jealously" a feeling you easily experience? If so, how?

No, I almost never experience jealousy.  I do experience mild envy, like "omg I want all these beautiful wonderful things too", but I never have the desire to take things away from other people or to have more than others, and I feel genuinely happy when (good) people get good things.  I do get sad if I feel like people don't need, want, or care about me, though.  I like a lot of affection and praise.  But I don't need to lack or limit other people to get that, does that make sense?  It doesn't need to be exclusive to me.  Like if a guy takes me on beautiful dates and (sincerely) tells me all these wonderful things he loves about me, it doesn't bother me that he's doing that with four other girls.  Or if I get the promotion of my dreams at the same time as my friend does, I think that's twice as good.

Sometimes I get uncomfortable when I feel like other people are trying to compete with me over things like that.  I like competition in skill and strategy, but not in happiness or status.  I also really don't like it when bad people or bad behavior get rewarded.  That would be one of the few situations where the emotions I feel could reasonably be called jealousy.

&gt; Are you SFJ or NFJ?

ENFJ

&gt; it's because Fe wants to be praised and accepted right? But it's also work the other way around? Like if others were getting that same treatment, you'd be just as happy for them.

I'm not sure if Fe in general wants to be praised and accepted - doesn't everyone?  But that's true for me, yes.  And yes, I'd be just as happy for others getting it, as long as it's not taking away from mine.No, I don't think I'd feel terrified.

I do find it really annoying when people are obsessed with pleasing me and don't have any desires or thoughts of their own, though.

Can you give a concrete example of what you're describing?  What does it mean to be prioritized over other friends in a group setting?sureA is ENTJ, so it seems like you did a better job of typing yourself than I did. :)  As an ENFJ, I don't relate to a lot of the stereotypical descriptions of extroverts either, so I wouldn't rely on that too much.  Extroversion is more about what your dominant function is (in this case, Te), which *can* have some behavioral tells but not invariably so, especially if you rely more on your introverted functions than average.

Is there anything else you want to ask me about being ENTJ or typology while I'm here?::cuddles::Definitely Ti/Fe, probably IxTP.

Do you mind if I ask another question to verify?

Read the following two choices.  As you read, bold the parts you definitely feel apply to you, and cross out the parts that definitely don't apply.  Regardless of what you bolded or crossed out, choose the one option that feels most accurate to you, *holistically*.  It is also possible that neither will feel quite right, in which case let me know and I'll try again!

~**A**~

The most important thing to me is building a logically sensible and elegant system of knowledge in my mind.  I try to find such logical systems, incorporate them into my understanding, follow them, and perfect them.  Using the information I found, I create classifications, designations, hierarchies, and maxims.  It's important to me that these are all clearly stated and presented in ways that help me to understand and organize my life.

It's clear to me that if I don't waver from these prescriptions, I'll attain more in life.  As long as I endlessly work hard, I can achieve commendable results, and be able to attain a worthy place in society.  I'm proud of having this ability - it's a big part of how I see myself.  I feel embarrassed or ashamed when other people can do the same job better than I can.  In those situations, I'll triple my effort in order to try not to fall behind, because I find it absolutely unacceptable to fall into a lower position in the conceptual hierarchy in my mind.

I can be very productive.  I'm usually quite conscientious. I consider it paramount that my work is of good quality, done in the proper order, and using the right system.  I usually determine these aspects myself and insist on committing to them.  I'm quite realistic.  I'm interested primarily in concrete and actual problems, rather than hypothetical issues.  I think deeply about any problem, and try to understand its essence and roots.  When I don't understand something, I refer to established databases of information to check that everything corresponds to what's already known.  In such situations, my mind starts to resemble a computer with a built-in program, which I'll follow without skipping a line.

I have a lot of will-power.  I am purposeful, competitive, and I feel like I have the power to make things happen.  I rely on these traits as part of my identity, and to get things done.  My efforts move me to higher positions - to prevail in a group, to correctly apply my abilities, and to spend my time working on things I see as worthwhile.  I live within a system of my own understanding, and I'm watchful that others around me respect my position.  Even if someone just disagrees with me, I might see it as a challenge, a threat, or an encroachment upon my position, and I'll immediately rebuff the supposed aggressor.  I have outstanding endurance and stamina.  I try to reach high quality in everything I do - few can exceed me in thoroughness, honesty, and the aesthetic value of my work.

~**B**~

My view of the world is based on trying to understand how everything is connected and its underlying structure and laws - everything else in life is subordinate to that.  My thinking is analytical in nature.  I always try to understand and explain general maxims and fundamental laws and rules as I investigate and gather information.  In my mind, I build a model that corresponds to my knowledge and experience, which is founded on my understanding of the things that I encounter.  If I've found and incorporated some universal belief into my understanding, I'll stick to it with determination, even if others oppose me.  I cannot be distracted from what I deem to be the principal purpose of my life.  I'll abandon something I've started only if I, myself, become convinced of being mistaken.

My work and research often constitute the main purpose of my life.  I might be called, by some, a "workaholic".  I like precision, accuracy, and order.  I'm meticulous and discriminating in my reasoning.  I find pleasure in creating simple schematics, organizing everything in the right way, and thinking and planning ahead. I feel like people's behavior, especially at work, should be logical and correspond to a definite system.  I immediately notice when people's actions or words are illogical or contradictory, and as much as possible, will try to correct them: I might express it as a criticism or an offer to help, depending on who I'm dealing with.  Generally, everything that is illogical and disorderly irritates me, as well as inconsiderate people.

In order to create a valid schematic that corresponds that what's logical, I try to delve into the essence of objects and events, seeking out the underlying reasoning behind them.  I can't live without a basic set of beliefs.  In the very rare event that I have to abandon my old beliefs, I'll formulate new ones to take their place.  In such cases it's very important for me to be convinced of the truth of these values and to care about them - my understanding must have solid internal support.

I have an instinctive insight into the way the world exists now, and that constantly leads me forward.  As soon as I've gained understanding about one thing, I'm drawn to something new.  Everything that I've completely mastered seems to be very clear and uninteresting to me.  I'm only capable of admiring the results I've obtained for a short time; soon after, it starts to seem trivial to me.  One of my most positive qualities is my ability to dismantle intricate and complex questions, to reveal the important parts, to see the problem "from above", and to clearly relay my insights and understanding to others.  If I've clearly comprehended the essence of the problem, I won't yield to my opponents.  I'll assert my position and vision to the end.

I am very perceptive of the course of time.  I don't believe I can waste it or spend it in vain.  I work calmly, without emergencies or urgency, and other people see me as unhurried.  My ability to concentrate, to not be distracted by external interruptions, leads to high efficiency in my work.  As a rule, I can accurately estimate when I'll be able to turn in my work or finish a project.  My sense of obligation and accuracy manifest themselves in everyday life as well: if I've agreed to be at a meeting but didn't show up, something serious has probably happened to me.I'll take it. :)ENFJ here.

I like Louis CK, Bo Burnham, Mitch Hedberg, and Michael Cera.

I also recently discovered Ali Wong ([1](https://youtu.be/mW09JjziAdI) [2](https://youtu.be/Vzk-bj5bRNs), her special's on Netflix) and she is AMAZING.Yes, you are exactly right! :)  Well done!

Even as an ENFJ, with tert Se and inf Ti, I can resonate with being purposeful and having the power to make things happen, and also feeling somewhat threatened when people disagree with me, but I don't feel a strong sense of willpower (which I do associate more with high Ti - xNTPs have a lot of intellectual willpower, xSTPs have a lot of physical willpower, in my experience) and I am much more situational in determining whether to respond assertively or not to people disagreeing with me, though I was much more aggressive/assertive when I was younger.

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed doing my assessment and that it proved of some use to you! :)I don't identify with the concept of "getting my energy from people".  Spending too much time with people is exhausting - I need at least a couple hours to myself every day, and I could easily go a week or so without human interaction, out in the forest, and enjoy it.  I would need books, music, and entertainment though - products of other people, but not necessarily direct social interaction.

I think extroversion is much more related to the focus of the individual, whether they plan their words or talk stream-of-consciousness, whether they process ideas better internally (thinking) or externally (talking), whether they generally prefer to talk or listen, how easily they show their emotions, etc.

In typology it's going to be mainly determined by their focus - as an Fe-dom, I'm primarily interested in relationships, society, values...and I need time alone to develop my other functions and interests, because I can't "turn off" the part of my brain that's always interested in what the people around me are doing/thinking.My dad is.  What are you wondering about, specifically?Hmm.  My dad is a really good listener in most cases.  Most of our communication involves me talking at him for a long time and him interjecting little thoughts.  In general, he's not very good at communicating his own thoughts and feelings.  It's hard for me to know where he stands on something, even when I ask him directly.  We also had a lot of issues, especially when I was a teenager, because he made decisions that, to me, make sense in retrospect, but that he was unwilling or unable to explain the rationale to me at the time, which caused a lot of unnecessary drama.  He has always been very warm and loving to me though, and expressed his love often, especially through doing me favors, giving me little gifts, printing out cute/silly little pictures, things like that.  One of the things I don't like is that he has a tendency of storing up "sore spots" - things I express to him in confidence, that I'm insecure or upset about - and using them against me when he loses his temper.

Discipline...for my childhood, my mother handled all of that, and later my stepmom, and my dad did what they said.  That said, neither of my biological parents really disciplined me.  I remember two spankings, and the number of times I was grounded can be counted on one hand.  Other than that they mostly just talked to me (or yelled at me).  I think, in general, that was best for me.  I've never been the person who needed a lot of rules or punishments to behave well.  My stepmom was very controlling and disliked me a lot, so that was another story, but it was very painful when my dad would just go along with whatever she said even though it was cruel and didn't make sense...it made me feel like he didn't know me at all.  I was raised in a very secular household and was agnostic, but she was very religious, and she punished me for not going to church by trying to cut out all my extracurricular activities at school and grounding me from seeing my friends...this was all in the months immediately following my mom's death, right after my dad married my stepmom and moved us into her house and sold our old house and made me keep my (inside, lap) dogs in a pen in the backyard...all because my stepmom told him to.  If he stood up for me back then, I never saw it.  All I saw was him being the intermediary between her and me that delivered my (imo senseless/cruel) verdict.  That was really hard for me.  He has gotten a bit better about standing up to her, but his and my relationship works much better when I have some distance from that house and he and I just talk one-on-one.

Most of the times when I wasn't behaving well, my dad was generally very good at noticing the reason for it (anxiety issues, difficulty coping with something, etc.) and worked on helping me fix that rather than punishing me for acting out.  The exception would be if my troubles were stemming from something he was responsible for, in which case he has almost always refused to take responsibility.  I think it's too painful for him to admit that he made a mistake or did something wrong.  He does always try to improve and do things better in the future, but he won't acknowledge or apologize for hurting me, and that's been a hurdle for me to overcome in terms of coming to grips with my childhood and just accepting that it is what it is.

But generally I would say that his style of parenting was really good for me.  He gave me a lot of freedom and space to live my life the way I wanted.  He's very nonjudgmental and has a habit of saying things like "It's your ship; you sail it."  There were very few expectations set on me as to how I had to act or what I had to do with my life.  He just always encouraged me and provided support when there was something I was interested in.  He spent a lot of time teaching me new things, like how to use a computer, and playing or talking with me.

Sometimes I wish he had taken a little more time to explain things to me, to teach me about life, and to be patient with me when I was being immature.  Again, going back to explaining the rationale for his decisions.  One example is that before my mom died, she had promised me I could have her '88 Camaro when I turned 15.  My dad knew that and I talked about it to him all the time.  Well, as my birthday approached, I was operating under the assumption that I was going to get the car - and then one day, it was just gone from the driveway.  It turns out my dad sold it to my best friend, without telling me.  Looking back, it was a 15-year-old car with a lot of problems, and my friend's dad restored Chevys as a hobby, so it made sense, and he did (eventually - years later) buy me a much nicer, newer car.  But the issue was never so much that he sold the car, but the fact that he just did it without telling me or explaining why, and then when I got mad (understandably, in my opinion) he felt attacked.  I don't remember that exact argument, but general in a situation like that he would close up and turn the argument personal, accusing me of being selfish, immature...I got called manipulative for crying several times lol.

My dad has had a hard life, and he has a lot of anger issues, but it's gotten continually better as I've gotten older.  I think the most important thing to do is to work on communication - being more open and expressive, letting people in more - and to do your best to avoid any kind of personal attack or using someone's weaknesses against them, because that can drive a big wedge in the relationship.If people shut me out, a couple of things happen.  My self-confidence gets unbalanced - I swing dramatically between thinking I'm shit and everyone else must be right about how shit I am (often making up stories about why they must hate me that are somewhat disconnected from reality), and feeling like I'm the only one in the world who "gets it" and I don't care about anyone else, losing many ethical boundaries and being really selfish.

Having people in my life who love and accept me makes me more balanced, able to enjoy and appreciate myself while still caring about how my actions affect others, and trying to help people and do things for them that make them happy.

I think I'm more sensitive to rejection than average, and I've been learning to avoid making up stories about the situation or put words/feelings in other people's mouths.  Practicing "active listening" and "non-violent communication" (two distinct strategies) has helped everything else in my life improve.  Asking things directly instead of assuming.  Also learning to accept that people have the full right to self-determination and that people's lives and choices are not only their own by *right*, but also by *responsibility* - that is, that I'm not responsible for anyone else's happiness or response to situations, but only for my own life and the morality of my own actions.

I would feel really, really bad for an ENFJ with Asperger's.  That sounds like a nightmare.  On the other hand, being an Fe-dom might mean that their social skills/awareness are good enough that they would just appear to interact with the world the way other, neurotypical less-Fe types do, so they might not be diagnosed or noticed as having difficulties, but I imagine the impact on them emotionally and developmentally would be similar...what I mean is that, they would be TRYING to Fe-dom, trying to interact with people in a social and intimate way, but not coming across the way they wanted to (as opposed to an ISTP or ENTJ or something, who wouldn't necessarily be trying), and that could be really hard for them.

Hope this helps!&gt; Perceivers consider people and their feelings, their situations and can often be found doing humanitarian work, while Judging types see people as something they can use in their work and daily life, something they can direct and find value for.

So as an ENFJ I view people as objects and wouldn't do humanitarian work, or...?

I don't think that's a useful dichotomy. :/INFP is my best guess for you :)Hahaha well you're not wrong :)With your roommate...communication is so deeply important.

&gt; the only reason i don't call her out or act out on my dislike is to keep the peace between everyone and not be the bad guy

You have got to let go of this need for everyone to like you.  I relate to it as well, but your happiness and comfort in your own home is so much more important.  It may seem like addressing the issue will cause tension, but the truth is that the tension is likely already palpable to everyone who lives there.  Dragging it into the open is the only chance to clear it out.  Sunlight is the best disinfectant.

If you're interested in advice: what I would do is to find a time that you and her can sit down together, away from others.  Choose one issue, the one that you feel you can talk about most easily.  Explain to her how you feel, making sure to avoid accusations or guessing her feelings or motivations.  For example, "Sometimes when you make jokes, it's really hard for me not to take it personally.  I feel uncomfortable and angry, which is really stressful for me.  I need to feel like I can relax in my own house, you know?  Would you please try to tease me less?  It would really mean a lot to me."

I know, that probably sounds SO WEIRD and unnatural, to phrase it that way, especially when you're so angry and she's 'obviously' in the wrong, but it's a tactic called "non-violent communication" (google it for tips), and it is *so fucking magic*.  I cannot tell you how many sticky situations it has gotten me out of.  People respond to it really, really well.  And another benefit is that it gives you a sense of control in a conversation when your emotions are threatening to make you lose it.

Whatever you choose to do, I hope that you can find a home you feel safe and comfortable in and that this person doesn't get you down too much.  I know how it feels to live with anxiety and discomfort around someone...it really sucks.  Please do let me know if you'd ever like a neutral third party to talk about it to; I'm here for you :)F

:P

I'm still here!  I won't go anywhere, don't worry love &lt;3Have you read up on functions yet?

Both ISTP and ESFJ use Fe-Ti, and ESFJ actually uses all the same functions as INTPs, just in a different order.

Additionally, we don't really have much evidence either way as to the connection between family MBTI types.  I have an intuition that there's some loose connection, but I think it can really turn out any old way.Do you have any sense where it is in your stack?  For example, if you're an IxTJ, you would use Te but find Ti quite simple to use as well when the situation called for it, although you wouldn't find much value in it generally.  In that case, though, you would find Fe quite distasteful in yourself, and not relate to the descriptions of it much at all.  An ExTJ would also find Ti easy to use but might be more resistant to it, and might be able to "fake" Fe for a while (and be aware of their difficulties with it) but fall back on Te every time.&gt; I personally feel more t sometimes.

This is you using Ti (introverted thinking), if you are indeed INFJ.

Take some time to learn about the cognitive functions. :)  You'll see how it works out.&gt; I am almost instantly bored by most sensors

You're missing out on a whole huge swath of life there, friend.  You have a sensing function, too.  Do you just not use it?Really?

Of my students, 2 are SJs, 4 are NPs, 1 is NJ, 2 are SPs.

The coworkers I know well enough to type: 1 SJ, 1 NJ, 1 SP.

My family: 2 SJs, 1 NJ, 2 SPs, and me (NJ).

The families of the people I'm dating: 4 SJs, 2 NJs, 2 NPs

My exes, relationships, and close friends: 2 SPs, 4 NPs, 1 NJ, 1 SJ

So from all of my anecdotal data, I have 10 SJs, 10 NPs, 7 NJs, 7 SPs.   Would be hard for me to agree that SJs are 'obviously' the majority.I've been tutoring three little kids for several years, and it's been interesting to watch them grow into a type over time.  I think it starts to get clearer at about third grade.

Oldest is ENTJ.  It was weird to see her F go into hiding as she matured, but fuck is she sweet in her own way.  She almost never shows emotion to me anymore, but her mom says she cries when we have to miss lessons lol.  She catches on SO quick to new things, but I have to be careful to review often enough with her or she'll forget them.  Like someone I know.  (Me.  I'm talking about me.)

Middle is likely ESFJ.  I saw a lot of Ne when she was young but she's mellowed out a lot, and as soon as I started teaching her using strategies for Si students, her proficiency skyrocketed; it was crazy.  She shocks me sometimes when she remembers things we haven't talked about in two years.

Youngest is hard to tell, but seems...maybe ENTP?...to me.   But that doesn't necessarily make sense with how "perfect" he insists on everything being.  He'll insist on erasing a letter and redoing it eight million times until it looks exactly the way he wants it to.  He's definitely an intuitive though, and is very very bossy for a kid that age lol.  Maybe the perfection-seeking (Si?) will mellow out as he matures and he'll become more obviously Ne.  It'd be an interesting theory, anyway.They can be!!  You just have to study it and learn strategies.  Look into [active listening](http://psychcentral.com/lib/become-a-better-listener-active-listening/) as a theory (here are some [books](https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_2?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&amp;field-keywords=active+listening&amp;rh=n%3A283155%2Ck%3Aactive+listening)), and also [empathy training](https://www.amazon.com/s?ie=UTF8&amp;page=1&amp;rh=n:283155,k:empathy).  [Non-violent communication](https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_ss_sc_1_11?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&amp;field-keywords=nonviolent+communication&amp;sprefix=nonviolent+communication%2Cstripbooks%2C160&amp;rh=n%3A283155%2Ck%3Anonviolent+communication) and [radical honesty](https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_2?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&amp;field-keywords=radical+honesty&amp;rh=n%3A283155%2Ck%3Aradical+honesty) are some great principles to know when teaching kids about emotional health;  [Brene Brown](https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_2?url=search-alias%3Dstripbooks&amp;field-keywords=brene+brown&amp;rh=n%3A283155%2Ck%3Abrene+brown) does some great work in that area as well.Never.  I'm here for you baby, shhh.What do you mean when you say they don't have super T skills?  And why do you say your mom's an intense feeler?It seems to me that what you're describing here is just using Te - checking your thoughts against factual information, what you know to be true, whether they make sense or not. Ti is different - it seeks internal logical consistency not on a situational, case-by-case basis (Does this make sense given the current facts and context?) the way Te does, but rather on a *universal* scale - Does this make sense given my understanding of "the truth"?  You can think of it as analogous to Fe and Fi - the former is situational, case-by-case, and context-variable, whereas the latter is general, universally applied, and internally consistent.

For example, Te might say "Bloopy blurgs have never needed to be turned clockwise to operate before, but this one does, so I guess sometimes they do."  Whereas Ti would say "But WHY does it need to be turned clockwise?  There must be a deeper reason that I can incorporate into my understanding of how the world works, and I won't accept that it has to be turned clockwise until I understand the reason for it."  Obviously Te users can be curious about reasoning and Ti users can just do something because it works, but it's about preference and orientation in the world.&gt; mainly I find a solution for everything which is logical

So if your dad's an ISTP, wouldn't he be doing the same thing?

&gt; she shows often her emotions, act like someone who's listening to her heart

Does this mean she can't also be logical?Both!  There are naturally a lot of communication things I'm good at (getting a sense of what people are feeling/thinking without them saying anything), but a lot of areas where I was practicing some pretty bad habits (uh...putting words/feelings in people's mouths, lol).  I think out of all of the skills, empathy is the one I've had the least need to develop, although even my Fe-aux fiance has benefited a LOT from doing some study and practice on empathy.

&gt; I don't think I've ever said "I appreciate your willingness to share"

Even if you can't see yourself saying those exact words, it's totally possible to rephrase the general sentiment to make it feel more natural to you - Perhaps "Thank you for telling me that," or "I really like it when you open up to me like this."  See it like an experiment - try saying things like that, and judge how it affects people's responses.  I bet you'll be pleasantly surprised. :)Well....you've got inferior Fe, haven't you?  So how that often looks in practice, especially for younger people (teens and early twenties), is a resistance to exploring and expressing our inferior function, because it feels threatening to our dominant function.

That doesn't mean it's weak or useless - it can actually be very powerful and useful if we let it be.  But that takes time and conscious effort.

Does it bother you that you don't feel very interested in your feelings?It can get easier, with practice and study.

I just want to clarify - Feeling, as a function, is not only about emotions or emotional intelligence.  It's also about values, ethics, personal development, maturity, relationships between people, group dynamics, etc.

One way you can develop your Feeling function is by studying it, like an academic subject.  Learn about communication and self-discovery.  Investigating MBTI and Jungian typology is a good start!  Think about anything you want to understand better - anger, anxiety, happiness, self-esteem, communication, conflict resolution, confidence, friendships, dating - and start reading books or websites on the topics.  If there are any specific concepts you'd like resources on, let me know and I'd be happy to offer my favorites to you. :)Don't feel bad...I actually have/had social anxiety as well.  I know how totally awful and shitty it can be.

The two things that helped me the most with it were [this](http://cedar.exeter.ac.uk/media/universityofexeter/schoolofpsychology/cedar/documents/Exposure_and_Habituation_Colour.pdf) brochure on exposure therapy (for the behavioral aspects) and [this](http://www.audible.com/pd/Self-Development/The-Power-of-Vulnerability-Audiobook/B00CYKDYBQ) audiobook on vulnerability (for the cognitive ones).  It's still an ongoing struggle - some days are better than others - but I've come so, so far from where I was.

And there are a LOT of people who enjoy a good philosophical discussion.  But sometimes you have to get to know someone - do some small talk, hang out with them a few times - before they'll open up more.  Try to see it as an investment, rather than a waste, of time.I'm good in the sense that I follow rules I've created for myself: safe following distance, go the speed limit, stop at yellow lights.  I'm also good at staying calm when something unexpected happens - getting cut off, having a rock go through my windshield, etc.  I respond to emergencies or sudden changes well.

I'm bad in that I have no sense of how much space I take up on the road or where I am in relation to other cars/objects around me, particularly on my sides.  Also I get really nervous with aggressive drivers or people I perceive to be angry or annoyed at me.

Driving can be nice, but I think more than driving I just like being in a car, particularly alone or with someone who's really quiet/calm.  My ideal would be being alone in an autonomous vehicle.  I like riding the bus too.  I need air conditioning to feel good though, or else I get claustrophobic.

I don't really daydream in general.  I'm either listening to music and feeling emotions/thinking about problems, or I'm listening to a podcast.  I HATE silence in the car.  Or in general really lol.

No road rage.  The only time I ever get mad is when people don't understand what I'm trying to do.  Like if I'm stuck behind someone slow and I want to pass them but I can't because the people behind me keep passing me, even though I've had my blinker on for two minutes.  Or when I'm rolling/coasting in a traffic jam so I don't have to keep hitting the brakes, and people take a 1.5 car length gap in front of me as an invitation to cut me off.  Mad's not the right word, though.  More like exasperated.  I just don't like it when people misinterpret my actions/intentions because I feel judged.

I've gotten one speeding ticket, for going 15 over following a line of cars going 15 over.  I cried a lot lol.

ENFJYes!

1. Hang out with more sensors.  Seriously.  Especially Se-doms.  (ESxP)  Don't try to predict or control the relationship; just go with the flow and try to see the world through their eyes.  Observe how they function in the world.  Try to pay attention to how they do things that are different from how you would.  Ask lots of questions to try to understand their reasoning or worldview - DON'T just trust your assumptions about what they think or why they're doing something.  And push yourself to communicate your genuine thoughts and emotions with them.
2. Get out of your head and go do things.  Have some experiences.  Don't try to guess what will happen beforehand - just follow your instincts when you feel drawn to something.
3. Pay attention to the world.  Look around.  Try to find examples of how things IRL are different from how you expected them to be.  Investigate things that pique your curiosity.
4. If there's something you want, figure out a way to get it - and then actually do it, don't just dream about it.  Don't spend too long thinking and wondering.  Just try it and see what happens.
5. Push yourself out of your comfort zone.  Do crazy shit (within reason).  Try new things - new foods, new activities, new looks.  Go to new places.  Talk to people you wouldn't normally talk to.
6. Get involved in something physical.  Any kind of sport would do, especially one that engages your Ti (jiujitsu, rock climbing, obstacle courses) and/or Fe (team sports, cycling clubs, dancing)
7. Get used to being wrong.  Try to prove yourself wrong.  Try to let other people convince you that you were wrong.  Go to lectures, sermons, groups of people who you disagree with, and try to listen with an open mind.  Make counterarguments in your mind for all of your beliefs - try to think of a legitimate way someone could critique you.  Bonus points if we're talking about beliefs along the lines of "This is how things *really* are" or "This is what's going to happen".  Keep track of your predictions and guesses - maybe even write them down - and test them against reality.I think Camille from the show Parenthood, though she was quite hard for me to type (because she's older, partly).

Disney's Pocahontas

Elphaba from Wicked

The main character, Elena, from Kelley Armstrong's excellent books Bitten and Stolen seems very INFJ with (understandable) anger issues.  She's basically me when I feel stuck in my head.  She's way more talkative in the show though.&gt; Fuck Fe people though, that's definitely a bias im willing to show lol.

❤︎❤︎❤︎

&gt; Don't get mad that they're bias, they're incapable of trying to see some instances of value as meaningful.For me the biggest difference is the vibe they put off.  ENFJs come across as much more moody, subversive/rebellious, intense, and (in special moments) glimmering and mysterious, whereas ESFJs seem more stable, timeless/classic, tender, and (in special moments) dazzling and clear.  ENFJs are "[betas](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/Beta)" in socionics terminology, whereas ESFJs are "[alphas](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/Alpha)".  ENFJs are magic like medieval fantasy and Halloween; ESFJs are magic like fairy tales and Christmas.

Just a few examples:

***

* [ENFJ being cute/silly](https://youtu.be/ny4FtbBd6hI)
* [angry fictional ENFJ](https://youtu.be/cgGd3oieuPE?t=38s) (Norma Bates - more unhealthy than most ENFJs, but again useful for the "vibe")
* [another angry ENFJ](https://youtu.be/-fkuhcelZ_g?t=55s)
* [ENFJ being passionate on a topic](https://youtu.be/2cZCSj6IP6M?t=3m2s)
* [ENFJ-penned tearjerker song](https://youtu.be/pvI9PuGorwI)
* ["rebellious" ENFJ song](https://youtu.be/CdhqVtpR2ts) (co-written, but Amy Lee is textbook angsty ENFJ lol, read: me as a teenager)
* [Spot an INFJ, ENFJ, ISTP, ESTP](https://youtu.be/ZekjHic7sK0)

***

* [ESFJ being cute/silly](https://youtu.be/ohlgJj9MR0I)
* [angry ESFJ](https://youtu.be/JJmvOvRhXKc) (Lady Cora - more refined than most ESFJs, but useful for the "vibe", and is so similar to my stepmom when she's angry)
* [another angry ESFJ](https://youtu.be/53sOpQQWOOA?t=23s)
* [ESFJ being passionate on a topic](https://youtu.be/1G1SaatIp0w)
* [ESFJ-penned tearjerker song](https://youtu.be/h3OEbh-rvmk)
* ["rebellious" ESFJ song](https://youtu.be/mqFLXayD6e8) (she reminds me so much of my mom in this video lol; my mom was very headstrong in this way so don't mistake ESFJs as always sweet &amp; gentle)
* [How to Spot an ESFJ](https://youtu.be/vueqniEzKBQ)

***

* [ENFJ v ESFJ Sister Interaction](https://youtu.be/dmI3Zt0nr7A)
* [ENFj socionics description](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/EIE-ENFj/) vs. [ESFj socionics description](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/ESE-ESFj/)

***

Okay I've spent way too long on compiling this list, so I hope it's helpful somehow!Oh okay I'll take it then :P :P

(seriously though ESFJs can be really awesome too)&gt; need other people to act a certain way to feel happy and at peace

Omg, I know right??  And it makes me feel so SELFISH.

"You have to stop being sad now because it's bumming me out, thanks."Hahahha omg.

I also submit for your consideration [this music video](https://youtu.be/0UYi5naMsfg)


... and also, [these](https://scontent-dfw1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/1321_10154009851142240_8106116309048536461_n.jpg?oh=97e0db8ba5834e2dd7578e1e0a18d1bb&amp;oe=57D62DCB) [three](https://scontent-dfw1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/1557511_10152925194937240_3210154470355900402_n.jpg?oh=6305e7f85d3956a045de68566279d8e5&amp;oe=57D1B11F) [pictures](https://scontent-dfw1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/10922796_10153150715097240_5816796454555061098_n.jpg?oh=c57a0d157845db6f4e585f02c72e5e47&amp;oe=57D14282) that represent just a tiny portion of the bizarre Facebook profile pics my ISFP friend has used over the years.This video is great!!  Thank you so much for sharing it!&gt; pretty impulsive in a really bad way

It doesn't have to only be bad...:(Could you be more specific?  I'm having a hard time imagining this happening in a conversation with me.

Maybe it's related to specificity, actually.  Like maybe they don't really understand what you're talking about, or that it's something important to you?  It's a theory lol.:*!Oh good, that makes me really happy to hear!! :)HAAHA this is amazing!I asked my ISFJ fiance and transcribed his answers for you :)

1. Yes, sometimes when things are really trying, like if everybody wants an answer or my attention, or if everyone's really negative, like if everyone's bitching and moaning, then I need to just take a break.  I'll withdraw within myself.

2. Absolutely, there are times when I'll just disappear into my head and live more in my imagination than in reality, because sometimes my imagination's more fun.

3. Yes, I'll sometimes think of the absolute worst nuclear option available, and convince myself that that's reality.  Like, "I sneezed on you, therefore I got you pregnant."  Sometimes my expectations can also become dizzyingly (?) high, so that when the hammer comes down and it doesn't become reality, I get disillusioned or upset.

4. Conspiracy theories stress me out - it causes my mind to go into overdrive like "We're all gonna die!".  But I do like concepts and theories that are optimistic.

5. I love music history - especially what people did and their crazy details - and art history.  Mythology sometimes; it just depends.  (me: "Aren't you interested in Satanic/cult-y stuff?")  Yes, but more about the history of how the belief system formed, the biography of the personalities involved, etc.  No journal, I don't like that because my self-doubt is too crippling.  I've been a guitarist since I was twelve years old.  It's an extension of me.  I love everything about it.  I love playing it, the intricacies, how to fix it, how to nurture it, and make it sound its best.  I like painting and drawing, but I have no talent in it.  I wish I did, since I have a lot of images in my mind, because I imagine I could draw/paint something pretty wonderful...or terrifying.  (me: when asked about intellectual people, he said "...I like that" in a very unconvincing manner lol.)  The idea of that does turn me on, that their intellect is strong and they're willing to share it, but sometimes I do find it intimidating. (me: "What type of people are you attracted to?") Sluts.  (me: *side eye*)  People who are open and vulnerable, who are willing to speak their mind.

6. Yes.  As I grow older I've learned to accept it and deal with it, but when I was younger my anxiety was crippling.  Coupled with a sense of skewed reality, my anxiety made me feel like everything was way worse than it actually was, like imagining that everyone in a grocery store was against me when actually nobody gave a shit about me. I've dated two ISFPs!  So I can tell you my experience from that.

The first one was an LDR, someone I had a very deep emotional bond with online for many years.  We would have endless conversations about philosophy, identity, life...our hopes and dreams, our feelings about literature and film and music...it was really magical.  I was (and still am) very in love with him.  Unfortunately, ISFPs can be very...casual...with commitment, at least from my perspective.  He confessed and retracted his love and commitment to me several times, seemingly at random (although I'm sure the reasons were clear enough to him).  His interest in me - even as a friend - disappeared when he met someone close to him.  The interest resurfacing, of course, when they were on a break.  Many of these are issues of LDRs and not necessarily of the type, but having known many IxFPs, there is something about them that makes that commitment hard to fully grasp.  That said, the week I spent at his house was hands down the most beautiful and magical week of my life until this moment, and is one of the few trips I remember intensely and with great detail (well, great for an Si-PoLR lol).

The second one I'm not 100% sure was an ISFP because he was quite weird, but I guess that actually lends credence to the theory lol.  My blog name for him was "Edward" because his demeanor reminded me so much of Edward Scissorhands.  He was very idiosyncratic, and his actions often confused me, but he had a very deep and flattering interest in me, and bonded to me in a really special way.  We only dated for a few months, during which we had multiple blow-up fights in a foreign language I was not very proficient in at the time.  Because of that, actually, we spent most of our time together doing things - eating, going to parks and movies, and...um...being intimate.  It was really special and warm despite having nearly insurmountable flaws.  Even though he was very committed to me in terms of contact and communication (he still messages me, in fact, years later, even though I never respond to him), he let me down in a lot of other ways - lying about trivial things, forgetting to do things he said he would, and so on.

And I think that's what it might often come down to, actually.  A very deep, special, and loving connection - one of mutual admiration and understanding - but with fundamental flaws in terms of life goals and relationship expectations.  I am actually polyamorous and very open to letting people be themselves and not placing limits on relationships, but there's an intangible level of commitment I need from my partners to feel safe and truly loved.  A consistency and willingness to sacrifice that ISFPs seem to lack almost by design.  That endlessly drifting and mysterious quality, though, can make them intoxicating, and there is a lot of mutual understanding and fascination when you can catch them long enough to share it.

This was personal and somewhat off the cuff, so I can't speak to how much of it would be applicable to others' experience, but I hope it was at least somewhat helpful!Definitely an extrovert with Fe, but I don't actually get an Fe-dom vibe from him.  He's obviously very motivated by helping people, and has his heart in a really good place, but he also is very process- and procedure-oriented.

I'm gonna go ahead and guess he's an ESTP, actually.  His demeanor suggests sensor to me as well, and there's a complete lack of the like..."self aware" use of Fe that ExFJs usually have?  Like at about 3:25 when he says thanks to Larry, and Larry doesn't respond back, most ExFJs would be a little bit...wounded by that, or if not, just back off a bit with the friendliness, because they're really responsive to other people's demeanors, whereas this guy is just \*~friendly happy love~* the whole time, regardless of how others respond.

I wouldn't rule out ExFJ but yeah I'm gonna go with ESTP as my final answer.Oh, I wasn't paying attention enough, that's definitely possible.  I would still get butthurt though because I'm really controlling and sensitive lol.  But you're right, the ESFJs I know can be a little bit more forceful/less sensitive to minor reactions in other people, depending on the situation.Omg Fluxy you are terrible, I love you so much &lt;3Something I've noticed is that young children seem to be much more comfortable expressing their lower functions, even more than their dominant function sometimes.  So a little girl that seemed very F to me when she was young turned out to be an ENTJ.  Her sister was CRAZY Ne and only in the past couple years (~3rd grade) have I realized that she's an ESFJ.  When I was really little, I was much quieter and more pensive than I am now - I spent almost all of my time reading, putting together puzzles, playing with [educational robots](http://www.doyouremember.co.uk/memory/2xl-robot) and stuffed animals quietly by myself, things like that - although of course I was always still bossy and loud in lots of circumstances.  But I didn't even really play with other children most of the time; I just sat on the playground and watched them, or looked at nature and thought about things.

So if I had to guess, the types that are likely to be quietest as children but become loudest as teenagers/adults would be those with Pi inferior, so Pe dominants - ExxPs.&gt; Si Block of Superego, 4th position, Mobilizing Function: Sensing of Experience:
&gt; **Basic problem of Hamlet in his constant sensation of internal physical discomfort. As if it constantly something irritates or torments.**  Sometimes this is manifested in the habit to painfully pucker or frequently to blink (you will involuntarily think that it irritates bright light or loud music); sometimes - in the habit to talk by the quiet either painfully constrained voice, as if it recently cried, or is assembled this to make and in it already "stands kilohms in the throat"; sometimes - in the habit to speak in loud, sharp voice, constantly "on the increased intonations".  **Hamlet they actually sometimes irritate sharp light, and loud music - any object, any phenomenon can for it be the source of discomfort. Sometimes he as if tries to muffle this unpleasant state in itself.**"

-[Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/296-Stratiyevskaya-ENFj)

***

&gt; If he does not doubt in his own abilities and uniqueness then **he is utterly capable of taking care of his health and household** – spheres where the EIE often feels the need for the help and council of other people. **As a rule he is clean and squeamish.** But he poorly recognizes his body’s needs, thus **he may either constantly run to the physician** or react in the exact opposite manner and not visit medical institutions until he literally collapses.

-[Filatova](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/38-ENFj-description-Filatova)

***

&gt; **EIE often feels uneasy about any physical ailments and suffering. Has difficulty getting rid of bad habits. In sexual matters, often falls to extremes: from indifference to perversion.** Pays much attention to his own appearance, especially surface aesthetics that can bring him much joy or disappointment. In nutrition, he is capriciously selective and may combine products of opposing tastes. Can be quite unpretentious with food, only care that it is provided for regularly. Estimates attitudes of others by how much they are willing to do for him and how tolerant they are of his strange tastes and habits. **Does not feel well in confined spaces.** May choose the life of a recluse.  **EIE is in need of a certain level of organization and order around himself, the absence of which can even affect his physical well-being.** Living within some framework of a strict system does much good for him. **Uncertainty, unpredictability, and constant changes of schedule have poor effect on his health.** He is very keen on catching the slightest deviation from the usual scheme of events. Relaxes over meticulous studies that require concentration. In his conclusions is often rather subjective and often makes generalizations that sound one-sided. He likes systematic logic. Seeks to streamline everything, to limit it with what seems to him as a reasonable a framework and rules, however, can make exceptions for himself. [...] **Your main problem - the inability to avoid situations which bring you misery and discomfort.** You do not always fit easily into the society and avoid unpleasant contact with uninteresting people. You show lack of confidence and certainly in your tastes, **inability to properly track your own well-being**.

-[Gulenko](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/65-ENFj-The-Mentor-profile-by-Gulenko)

***

&gt;  **Perception of comfort and discomfort, convenience and inconvenience, and other positive and negative sensory based only on their own experience.** It can not relate their understanding of feelings in order, as it is in society. So sensitive about remarks about inconveniences in the world, about his inability to navigate well in these matters. **Attempts to use his often peculiar understanding of beauty, comfort and convenience when working with objects.**

-[Piatnitskiy](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Socionics_Type_Descriptions_by_Piatnitskiy#EIE_Hamlet)

***

On PoLR functions in general:

&gt; What are the difficulties of a painful point? **It perceives the world with heightened sensitivity.** The point of least resistance can be compared to a lift which has only two stops – on the ground floor and the last floor. This our “lift” either flies up to the upper level, **striving for perfection, trying to reach an ideal**: “One moment more and I will become magnificent!” or “rushes down” losing heart: “All the same nothing comes in, it’s always the same, there is no need to try!” Unfortunately, PLR can not hold to the “happy medium”, does not see half-tints, this function perceives all the world in black and white colours. It is this very function that **gives a person an unsettled state and a state of instability** and in cases of psychological problems – a state of stable negative attitude to himself and the world.

-[Scientific Research Socionics Institute](http://en.socionics.ru/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=251&amp;Itemid=139)

***

My experience with observing the expression of PoLR functions is that some individuals do seem to repress or ignore the information obtained through them, while others overreact to, overcompensate for, or become hypersensitive toward it.  Hence an IxTJ that will either seem to completely miss an obvious social cue, or take great offense at something that was only meant light-heartedly.  Or an INxP that will either completely run away from and avoid conflict, or explode and lash out at the mere thought that someone might be trying to control them.

Additionally, excessive concern about one's own comfort and health does not match descriptions of [creative Si](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/information_elements/Si) in ESxJs, in theory or in my own observation.  Rather, their emphasis is primarily on ensuring comfort in [others](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/ESE-ESFj/).

I hope I have provided enough evidence to assure you that there is, at the very least, reasonable doubt and room for discussion here.  It has been and continues to be my assertion that attention to and concern about comfort, health, and relaxation is not only perfectly in line with the general theory of how PoLR functions operate, but has been described specifically several times in the literature on ENFjs by some of the top socionics researchers.You seem really smart and sweet - maybe you can be my friend?What does 'instinct stacking' refer to?Up until I was in middle school, my voice was a bit lower than I would have liked.  So I practiced for hours and hours to create a voice that I liked, until it became a habit.  And that's how my natural voice is now lol.

The same thing with my smile.  I was obsessed with Rose from Titanic so I practiced in the mirror until I could [smile like Kate Winslet](http://www.fashup.xyz/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/lklkk.jpg).  I remember specifically practicing to get her laugh lines, which in retrospect, I may regret someday lol.  I've gotten compared to Kate Winslet several times even though I don't think I look anything like her, so I guess I did a good job?  It helps that we're both ENFJs I think.

For the record, I would be way too self-conscious and embarrassed to do something like this now.  But I'm happy I did it when I was younger because I like my smile and my voice lolol.  I don't remember what they used to be like unfortunately.Ah, gotcha.I would just add the caveat that ISFJs can easily get overwhelmed and flabbergasted during a crisis, e.g. when the oven is emitting smoke and the smoke alarm is going off and their phone is ringing all at the same time or something like that. They may handle difficult *social* environments more easily but they definitely still have situations where they're super O_O "what is happening!!!"  In fact, I would guess that INFJs do *not* struggle in these situations as much, if they're anything like me. I'm very calm when things are blowing up around me, but I freak out if someone next to me seems kind of annoyed lol.&gt; Or inversely unnaturally joyful considering a dark context ?

Yes, this can make me really uncomfortable.

&gt; I have a minimum of respect for dead people.

As does this.

It's not about "breaking social norms" or anything like that.  It's about not *getting it*.  It's embarrassing and sad.  Like a "holds up spork" moment.

I'm in an emotional place right now actually so I hope I'm not being unkind.  Just trying to describe how I feel about that kind of thing.

&gt; I think this alarm thing you describe would make anyone tense.

Tense?  I guess.  But I thrive in crisis and emergencies and quick-thinking situations.  That's where I shine and where my value as a person comes through.  So I actually kind of love it.  Betas in general are known to "create" crises (although I would call it "bringing problems to a head") because we feel so comfortable handling them.&gt; What's that ?

Ohh...there was a copypasta (an often copied-and-pasted quote) going around a while ago...it was internet famous because it represents that kind of socially oblivious, attention-seeking humor you often see in young people that makes others feel cringey and embarrassed for them:

&gt; hi every1 im new!!!!!!! holds up spork my name is katy but u can call me t3h PeNgU1N oF d00m!!!!!!!! lol…as u can see im very random!!!! thats why i came here, 2 meet random ppl like me _… im 13 years old (im mature 4 my age tho!!) i like 2 watch invader zim w/ my girlfreind (im bi if u dont like it deal w/it) its our favorite tv show!!! bcuz its SOOOO random!!!! shes random 2 of course but i want 2 meet more random ppl =) like they say the more the merrier!!!! lol…neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of commentses!!!!
DOOOOOMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! &lt;--- me bein random again _^ hehe…toodles!!!!!

&gt; love and waffles,

&gt; t3h PeNgU1N oF d00m

You know, interestingly, it's really hard to identify precisely *why* that style of humor or attitude is considered cringey...in the context of MBTI, it would be a lack of Se probably.  But the way people feel about that, or the boss character in The Office, that's how I feel when people talk about "not respecting the dead" or when my ENTP student declared that he thought oligarchy was probably the best form of government lol.  Even though I know they're worthwhile discussions and can lead to a lot of insight, it just makes me feel so much second-hand embarrassment.  I guess that's the reason why we need people with weak Se (and also weak Fe) - to force us to question our values and assumptions.

&gt; I feel like the alpha quadrant is really nerdy by essence.

Definitely.  Which can be a blessing and a curse.  But damn do I love me some alphas, especially when they're...'self-aware', I would say.Ugh I hate that description of Fe lol.  What does "harmony" even mean?  Never disagreeing with anyone?  Building a Stepford Wife-ian society?

If I had to choose from those descriptions alone, I would probably choose extroverted intuition...You are very welcome!!  I am really glad you're enjoying it. :)Oh man...so I actually moved away from this questionnaire and prefer to use [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4k1y97/heres_your_semiregular_typing_thread_3/) one now because I think the results are a lot more accurate.  Would you mind answering that one instead pls?Thank you so much :D  I may eventually go back and add a positional component but honestly this took me so long to write this morning and I am kind of "theoried-out" right now.  I will keep this in mind as an idea for the future though!  And I actually remember writing one at some point (oh [here it is](http://ojjt.org/2016/03/a-personal-take-on-beebes-eight-function-model/)), but I probably have a different/more fleshed out opinion about it now and would want to completely redo it. :/That's interesting.  So how do you believe the opposite function-attitudes interact with a type?  For example, as an ENFJ, I would express Fe and Ni and repress Se and Ti according to you.  What about Fi, Ne, Si, and Te?Oh dear!  I feel like if I met you in person, I could help, but as it is it's quite difficult.

Just from my experience:

ISFPs tend to be more "aesthetic" in general - interested in the way pictures and symbols make them feel.  INFPs can also pay attention to clothes or decoration, but it generally seems to be primarily in the interest of comfort and self-expression.  Basically, ISFPs seem to explore the world of aesthetics to discover new things and feelings, whereas INFPs who are interested in aesthetics (which is not all of them) tend to cultivate a smaller range of aesthetic interests that specifically speak to their identity.

ISFPs tend to have a particular "air" about them, in that you could often describe their whole "aura" in a few words.  I know a "surfer dude" ISFP, a "black-and-white existentialist art film" ISFP, an "Edward Scissorhands" ISFP.  Michael Jackson, Britney Spears, Enya.  Each has a distinctive vibe/image, and a timeless quality.

INFPs are harder to characterize in this way, for me.  I would be more likely to try to describe them with interests and behaviors.  "This friend likes lolita fashion, libraries, anime, and drag racing.  She's really sarcastic and clumsy."  "This friend likes trance music, basketball, and indie films.  He's such a daydreamer."  John Lennon and Bjork are both INFPs according to Celebrity Types, and despite how influential they've been on our culture, it would be hard to describe them in a couple of words.

That's not a hard-and-fast rule though...like I think Tim Burton kind of has a general aesthetic, and he's INFP.

One thing that I do think would be a pretty universal rule would be that ISFPs care a lot more about how other people see them, and their status in relation to others.  Not necessarily like "who's the most popular" (although it can be that way, see Paris Hilton) but rather "how do I fit into this group/society?" and "what kind of message am I projecting?" - primarily in service of a larger goal, like improving a relationship or succeeding at work, rather than for its own sake like an ESxP would.  INFPs, on the other hand, tend to look down on people who make decisions or say/do things based on how others will see them.  Conversely, they may be hypersensitive to criticism in that arena.

ISFPs don't like to spend a ton of time thinking "what if...?"  They live more in the moment, making decisions as they come.  When they daydream, it's more likely to be about alternate versions of present reality, e.g. "What if I were a famous actor?" or "What would happen if I just left everything behind and moved to Thailand?"  They get impatient and uncomfortable talking endlessly about hypothetical scenarios that could never actually happen.  e.g. "What if the moon were ACTUALLY made of cheese?" or "What would happen if everybody lost the ability to speak?"  INFPs are more interested in these hypothetical, removed-from-reality daydreams, although not as much as an ENxP would be - they would generally use it in service of some other goal, like making a movie or writing a story.

Mmm...what else.  ISFPs like talking to people who are good at predicting the way things are going to turn out, or helping them dig up deeper meaning.  INFPs are skeptical about the value of trying to predict what's going to happen, and find that much less interesting than speculating about everything that *could* happen, and how they would react in each case.

INFPs like people that make them feel safe, comfortable, and protected.  They benefit from consistency and patience.  They become very attached to people, objects, and interests that are important to them, though they might not always display this in their behavior (and may feel guilty about letting people down).  ISFPs are more likely to feel stifled in an environment that doesn't change often enough, and are more interested in exploring new people and environments.  They are much more likely to drift from place to place or person to person, although of course they too can commit to something if they find it important enough or if it represents the culmination of a dream or goal to them.

Just from the perspective of an ENFJ and from my personal experience:

INFPs call me on my shit a lot more.  They are very skeptical of my conclusions, and will often argue with me even when it's obvious (to me) that I am right.  They get attached to me much faster.  They have very high expectations of me and are easily disappointed, but also easily forgive if I try to make amends.  They are not shy about offending me.  I tend to see them as needy and touchy - I feel like I have to be careful about what I say for fear that they'll judge me negatively - but also genuine and emotionally (not physically) reliable - they let me down in terms of showing up to events on time or contacting me frequently, but they don't ever make me feel wrong for caring about them when we're talking.

ISFPs are much easier to get along with.  We have an instant connection, and they always seem to get where I'm coming from.  They are VERY fickle with attachment and commitments (from my perspective) and seem to have much less issue lying to me - what I would consider as lies, e.g. they love me one day and "don't feel that way anymore" the next.  Our connection is moment-to-moment, and can change based on the other circumstances in their lives.  But they don't reject me for who I am, they feel less judgmental to me and more accepting of my choices, whatever they may be.  I see them as disappointing when it comes to emotional bonds or commitment, but fresh and intriguing intellectually.

The above two paragraphs though will differ wildly depending on what type you ask to describe their feelings/experiences.

There was a lot of info here and I can't vouch for its accuracy in its entirety, but I hope something in there was useful!Definitely SP.  I would lean toward ISFP for you.  If you'd like, I can give you a few more questions to solidify it further.Oh, I just saw your flair and now I feel embarrassed :X  Do you feel attached to ENFP?Haha aaww thanks.  I definitely can be wrong, and often am, though!

You said:

&gt; I'd only be able to give opinions on individuals, I dont think collectivizing a whole group of people as one is fair.

1. Why do you think it's not fair to collectivize a group?
2. What kinds of opinions might you give on people?  For example, think of a couple of classmates or coworkers you know and tell me some opinions you have about them.

&gt; feeding loop

I've never heard this term before.  What does it mean?

&gt; Ni is thematic [...] doesn't really seek out to apply a pattern

How can something be thematic if it doesn't apply a pattern?  A theme is something that is repeatedly referenced or alluded to.

&gt; It perceives a theme/direction of things and responds to it in the moment.

I agree - that's what I was trying to highlight in my example.  People often describe Ni as "magically knowing" the direction of things, which I disagree with - I believe that the *reason* Ni is able to predict what is going to happen is through metaphorical comparisons.  E.g., predicting the results of pulling away from a clingy friend by likening that effort to the results of trying to pull one's way out of a Chinese finger trap.  I think Ni-users often are not aware of the metaphors or models they're using to come to their conclusions, which can make it seem like magic, but that if they think about it for a while they can discover the root of those beliefs.  The trouble in not questioning the source of your beliefs and opinions is that there's no method for self-correction.Hmm.  I think you are likely ISTP.  How does that feel to you?Temperament can help a lot.

Do you often feel like you have too much energy and you need to discharge some of it?  Or do you find it easy to lay around all day and find it hard to get up and get moving?  Are you chronically late?

Also check out your vulnerable and role functions.  If someone criticized you and said "You don't really care about ANYTHING; you don't stand for anything", or they criticized you and said "You are such a WIMP; you can't stand up to anyone", which would hurt you more?  Do you find it easier to make moral/ethical arguments (absent of logic), or to appear assertive and commanding, for short periods of time?ISTP and INFJ have the same functions, just in different orders, so they do often get confused.

Check out Gulenko's descriptions.  Keep in mind that socionics labels types differently - an ISTP is called an ISTj or an LSI in socionics, and an INFJ is called an INFp or an IEI in socionics.

[ISTP description](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/66-ISTj-The-Inspector-profile-by-Gulenko)

[INFJ description](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/288-INFj-The-Humanist-Profile-by-Gulenko)

Unfortunately I'm kind of overwhelmed with comments to respond to right now and don't have the time to go through your responses piece by piece.  The main reason I'd pick ISTP is that you seem quite comfortable with Se.Based on these answers alone, I'd lean toward ENTP, but of course it's hard to tell.You're definitely a high Te-user with low or unvalued Se, so likely xSTJ or possibly INTJ, but I'm going to need a little more information to say for sure.

Would you mind redoing question #9 more thoroughly?  I need some more info about your demeanor, speech patterns, energy level, etc.  Thank you! :)::deep blush:: Thank you, friend.::melts into a puddle:: You are such a charmer &lt;3&gt; An INFP acting adult like, impersonal, and like an adult?

You should see the way my INFP best friend led her service sorority, started and maintained her own fashion archive website, or called out a shit ton of people in her online community for their bullying and immature behavior.  Or the way my INFP waxer talks about the tenants who rent her house and their "unacceptable financial behavior" lol.  INFPs can be HARSH, man, specifically because they are masters at keeping their cool when they're hella upset.  Or they can be, anyway.

&gt; Great write up. Just think quadras are Bologna personally.

Thank you so much. :)  And it's always good to have multiple perspectives and healthy skepticism! &lt;3Thank you so much for your kind words and sharing all your thoughts. :) :)

I feel like we somehow...define words differently, you and I?  Like for me the connotations behind 'principles and definitions' and 'concepts' are quite far apart.  When I use the word 'concept' I am much less likely to mean 'a theory one can build or refine', but rather I mean more 'a particular viewpoint or interpretation of reality' - it has a very perceptual connotation to me, like the "concept of a dog" refers to like Platonic ideal which is generated unconsciously.  I can totally see other uses of the word though, so I suppose I will have to think of a new way to phrase it.  Language is hard man, especially when we start digging into people's minds.  I've struggled in the past, for example, when comparing different types, because the words I wanted to use to describe each one can almost always be interpreted multiple (even opposing) ways depending on which angle you approach from.

Take words like 'subjective' and 'universal'.  You can call Ti develops a "universal system of knowledge" and also say Te uses "universally accessible knowledge" and it just...falls down the rabbit hole, very hard.

But yeah anyway I will take your thoughts into consideration!Well...one thing you can do is look for consistent behavioral or cognitive traits possessed by most people with that illness, and/or try to isolate the changes that occurred when the individual got sick, and exclude that information from your typing criteria?Awwww ::blush blush::  I do have a [blog](http://anoceanofstarlight.tumblr.com), but it's not really MBTI-related.  I'll go ahead and post this on there anyway so Tumblr people can find it if they want.

I also have several articles on [ojjt.org](http://ojjt.org/category/tiffani-warren/).Would you mind answering #9 a bit more thoroughly please?  Specifically about energy levels, activity levels, and rationality/emotionality.

Do you enjoy being a leader and seek out opportunities to do so, or are you just willing to take up the mantle when you don't trust others to do something right?

How do you feel when you meet someone who's better than you at a skill you pride yourself in doing well?It does. :)  I'm just trying to be sure.

If you were insulted, would you be more likely to be called 'bossy and controlling' or 'robotic and emotionless'?Okay I'm going to go ahead and say that my best guess is [ESTJ](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/321-ESTj-The-Administrator-profile-by-Gulenko) :)Hmmm.  I always used to get Slytherin, but I retook the Howarts test and got Ravenclaw this time.  And to be honest...it feels more right for me, the way I am now.  But I've always felt a bit melancholy about it, either way.  I feel like I'm too "dark" to be a Ravenclaw, but too "light" to be a Slytherin.  I think overall though, I am not ambitious.  So Ravenclaw ends up being a better fit for me, after all these years.

You know what?  I'm starting to feel better and better about it. :)

Incidentally I tend to associate Gryffindor with Se and Fi, Ravenclaw with Ti and Ne, Hufflepuff with Fe and Si, and Slytherin with Te and Ni.  So maybe that's why I've never fit in fully anywhere.

Just read the story of Ilvermorny...soooo peaceful and beautiful.  I fucking love J.K. Rowling.  Just reading the story, I identify with the Puckwudgie most, so I'm scared to take the test.  But I'll give it a shot...

Ick, I got Thunderbird.

From [this article](http://www.ew.com/article/2016/06/28/jk-rowling-ilvermorny-houses-descriptions):

&gt; Description: Each of the four Ilvermorny houses is said to represent a different part of the ideal wizard. Thunderbird is the “soul” and “favors adventurers,” according to the Pottermore description.

&gt; Initial reaction: The creature (whose name has been adopted by not one but two different X-Men) has the power to bring storms, so it’s no wonder the house is associated with the soul. Searching one’s soul and getting in touch with the deeper aspects of one’s being can often be a stormy process. And bonus, J.K. Rowling is a Thunderbird.

Okay, fiiiiiine.  I'll take it.  :D :D :D  Okay.  I kind of like being a "stormy soul".  I look forward to seeing more house descriptions.

I still like Puckwudgies though.  But I guess I'm more likely to follow them around and make them my friends than to be one.Ohh me too! :) &lt;3Daria is definitely a Feeler.  Think of how hurt she gets over (to me, seemingly minor) emotional/loyalty things.  I've thought INFJ, but I could definitely get behind INFP as well.

Jane, I'd go with ISFP maybe, though you could make an argument for ISTP.

Quinn obviously has high Se imo.  I might go with young/immature ESTP for her actually; I feel like she needs to undergo a Miley Cyrus transformation before she grows into her badassery, and I see more evidence for low Fe (she can be very loving/caring in quiet moments) than high Fi.&gt; We can become extremely pessimistic and cynical, are quick to point out others flaws (inferior te, whoo!)

This is very much my experience with several INFPs as well.You're welcome!  I can't necessarily vouch for its accuracy, but hopefully it gives you a new avenue to look down.

&gt; remember things when I was 2 years old, or where I was in certain year, month or even day

This would be very rare for an Ni-dom imo.

&gt; What things are on my calendar, what should be put down in my time table, how can I achieve my goals

This may show someone comfortable with Te, though it's not definitive.  But the fact that it was the first thing you discussed thinking about was a big sign to me.

&gt; I have been called cold and harsh in these times, although in these situations I had thought I had given rational, practical and objective advice and meant nothing personal or offensive

Not common in high-Fe users.

&gt; It is refreshing to be yourself in those settings and I tend to be more honest, open and actually quite assertive in my professional life.

I've never met an assertive INFJ. :D  They may exist, but I haven't seen one.

&gt; Yes, I plan for spontaneity. I am a fun person.

Lol this just reminded me so much of [Hillary Clinton](http://www.theonion.com/blogpost/i-am-fun-51731).  "I. Am. Very. Fun."

I believe you, btw, it's just that the way you talk about it is cute :)I can't wait to see it!! :)Okay so I think the first step after that would be to narrow down your temperament.  Read the section on temperament above - are you obviously ExxP, IxxP, ExxJ, IxxJ?  Or, are you obviously *not* one of them?  At least you can cross that out.

The next step would be to try to identify where each function goes in the stack.  This can be a little harder, but the general rule of thumb is:

- Which function can you **not turn off** - you almost can't help but see the world through this lens at all times?  That would be your dominant function.  Another way to identify it is that it's one of the functions you're interested in 'for its own sake'.  For example, an Se-dom would like experiencing things, being in charge, and/or competing against others just because it's fun and interesting, not necessarily for any particular purpose or goal.  
* Your auxiliary (2nd) function is one that you find very easy to use, but that you generally use in service of your dominant function, and is also possible to 'switch off' when necessary.  For example, an Se-aux would not find it challenging to explore and experience things, take charge, or compete, but they would mostly only be interested in doing so in service of their other functions - discovering themselves, defending themselves, or standing up for their beliefs (Fi-dom), for example.
* Your tertiary function is a little harder to access, but it's one that you especially notice when it's triggered by an outside force or inspired by another person.  It's often called the 'child' function because it's relatively simple and rudimentary, and also fun to use.  I'm an Se-tert actually, and though I tend to be relatively low energy and chill, I can be very competitive and proactive when the situation calls for it, and I tend to enjoy these opportunities occasionally, but I'll likely never be as skillful at it I would if I had Se up higher in my stack.  Additionally, I'm unlikely to seek out a lot of opportunities to explore, compete, etc., but I generally take advantage of the opportunity when someone or something presents it to me as an option.
* Finally, your inferior (4th) function is one the you are more likely to avoid or resist when you're younger, and also may be a little sensitive to criticism about, but as you mature you become more confident and comfortable using it.  You tend to admire people who use it well and enjoy spending time around them, although you can find it tiring to try to use it for extended periods of time.  This is the part of you that you often feel the most urge to develop - you constantly feel a pull to be "more like" this function.  For example, someone with inferior Se would admire decisive and situationally savvy people, be attracted to them (often romantically), and often feel the drive to "put their dreams into action" and "stand up for themselves" more - but find it exhausting to be in situations that are too overwhelming to the senses or physically demanding for long.  You would also feel quite sensitive/hurt if someone said something like "You have a lot of plans, but you never actually do anything" or "You're such a pushover."  Conversely, if someone complimented you on this function, it would likely make you feel particularly warm and fuzzy.

I hope this helps!  Let me know if I can answer any other q's. :)Thank you for all that info!  It really helped.  You are definitely xNTJ, and I'd lean strongly toward INTJ. :)Oh!  I'm always nervous when people say they already know their type haha.  ::sweats::

Definitely IxTP though.

Which of the following do you agree with more?

1. There are multiple different ways the future could unfold, each of them important and valuable to think about.  The best way to ensure a positive outcome is to consider all the possibilities and prepare myself so I'll be able to respond appropriately.

2. Although it's true that things could develop in different ways, I don't want to waste a lot of time thinking about things that are unlikely to happen.  I believe that the best way to ensure a positive outcome is to make proactive decisions and shape the future I want for myself.LOL okay I'm pretty sure you're INTP.

So the point was supposed to be "Do you prefer to consider all future possibilities and prepare for them?" or "Do you prefer to just dive in and figure out the details later?"

Also as a tert Se user, this:

&gt; Things could develop in all sorts of different ways.

is actually only something I would agree to in a discussion in order to sound reasonable to others haha.  As evidenced in the way I live my life, I pretty much believe that there is a set course of events which, although I may not be privvy to it, is already decided - unless *I* forcibly un-decide it perhaps (although the extent to which I or anyone else *actually* has free will is unclear to me - meaning whether or not I forcibly "un-decide" the future may in fact already be fated anyway if free will is just an illusion).

Anyway, I possibly should have rephrased the question to be something like "Which of the following best describes the way you usually approach decision-making?" or something.  I don't know.  But in the end your pedantry was all the answer I needed (and I say that with the highest love and affection!!) :)Have you done any research into cognitive functions?  Ti vs. Te, etc.&gt; My gender will be secret just to avoid biased conclusions :p

I actually use gender because it influences how people express their type.  I wouldn't ask for it because I thought like "Oh girls can't be T-types" or something.

Anyway.

You are definitely ENxP.  T vs. F is hard for me to tell at this point though, but I would lean toward ENFP.

Check out these descriptions to see if one fits you better:

* [ENFP](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/324-ENFp-The-Advisor-profile-by-Gulenko)
* [ENTP](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/277-ENTp-The-Seeker-profile-by-Gulenko)Aww you are really sweet, thank you. :)  I'd say you seem very INxP, most likely INFP in my estimation!Hmm...I would say you are likely ISTJ :)I wouldn't rule ISTP out, but your writing does give me an ISTJ vibe.

Read these socionics descriptions and see if you identify with one more than another.  Keep in mind that socionics labeling is backwards for introverts, so ISTP = "ISTj" and ISTJ = "ISTp".

[ISTP](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/66-ISTj-The-Inspector-profile-by-Gulenko)

[ISTJ](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/281-ISTp-The-Craftsman-profile-by-Gulenko)Some ISTJs are traditional, many are not.  One of the ISTJs I know is a drummer in a thrash metal band who works the night shift as a machinist and rescues and rehabilitates injured animals.  He also got shit grades in school and dropped out of college after a couple of years.  I would describe him as methodical when it comes to his drum playing, and his home is fairly organized, but it's in his own way, you know what I mean?

As far as appearance, another ISTJ I know is a teenage girl who just started getting into makeup and fashion this year.  She's still learning so it's a little clunky lol, but she went from T-shirts and jeans to sparkly dresses and eyeshadow.

And as far as recklessness, my father-in-law is also an ISTJ, and he was a helicopter pilot in the army and did air assault (repelling off of helicopters).  There are also rumors in the family that during college he jumped off a second story balcony into a pool, but he doesn't really like to talk about himself haha.  The aforementioned drummer used to hang out with girls he had met at strip clubs, would use him to practice cutting hair and doing makeup for the cosmetology school they were attending.  The main thing about "recklessness" in an ISTJ is that it's not something they do purposefully to be soOoOoo crazy, but rather that they just decide to do something they're interested for whatever reason, and other people might think it's bizarre or unusual.

&gt; I also feel like I have no direction in life at the moment, and I need a sense of economic security before I can really follow my dreams.

This is true of every Si-dom I know, for what it's worth.  Se doesn't necessarily wait for "security" before it tries to accomplish things.  The Si-Ne axis in general focuses more on being prepared for whatever may come in the uncertain future, whereas Se-Ni feels more of a sense of agency in creating the future.

Nothing I've said should be taken as like, proof that you're an ISTJ or something.  I'm just saying that the stereotypes don't always match up to the reality.  Ultimately you'll have to research the functions and the types and come to your own conclusion - you know yourself best!💋!!Ooh exciting!  I think you may be [ESFP](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/40-ESFp-description-(Filatova\)).  We don't find many of them around Reddit. :)

What do you think?You definitely have Se - I saw a lot of that in your answers.  I do not find ENFP to be likely - I don't see any evidence for Ne.

Funny story - I actually co-wrote the text for the video you linked haha.  So yes, I definitely would say it's an accurate description :P

Some ESFPs can definitely be loud and boisterous, but that definitely doesn't describe all of them.  I've also known very chill and laid-back ESFPs (actually, I would say more of them are this way), as well as more serious and studious ESFPs.  Some ESFP [celebrities and public figures](http://www.celebritytypes.com/esfp.php) include Bill Clinton, Ronald Reagan, Michelangelo, Mussolini, Beyonce, Will Smith, Katy Perry, Nicki Minaj, Pink, Leonardo DiCaprio, Macklemore, Cameron Diaz, Lindsay Lohan, and Andy Samberg (from SNL).  Some vivacious figures in there, but also some more restrained ones.This is interesting!  You are definitely INxP, and I'm leaning toward INFP.  I've just never spoken with a mature INFP male - only teenagers and early 20-somethings.  The older you get past 25 or so, the harder type can be to discover, as people develop their lower functions, discover coping mechanisms, become more secure, adapt to their environments, and so on.  I see a lot of focus on both rationality and ethics here, although I feel like I see a preference for Te over Ti.  I was confused at first because the first function I felt I could identify was Te - you speak in a very Te way.  But your Ne is actually way stronger as a whole, and if your temperament weren't so classically IxxP I'd probably have typed you as an ENxP.

The answer to which functions are dominant and which are inferior often lies in how you've changed as you get older - tell me, what flaws did you have when you were a teenager that you've worked on and improved as you entered adulthood?  What have you always been pretty good at, compared to others?  I'm speaking specifically of personal attributes, social skills, intellectual tendencies, communication, self-awareness, habits and behaviors, things like that.

Also, setting aside respect - what kind of people do you *admire* the most?  If you were to imagine "you but better" - the idealized version of yourself - what might that look like, compared to now?I am super tired right now...I can be more thorough if you'd like and ask you more questions, but based on the info you've provided here I'd say INFP is my best guess.You're very welcome! :)Oh hmmm well!  I continue to think INFP is the most likely choice, but I still haven't been able to completely rule out INTP.

Shall we do the A or B route? :)

**Which kind of advice do you think you would be *better at* giving?  Like, which are you more confident you could really help with?** 

A. Helping a friend figure out how to apply for a reverse home mortgage.

B. Helping a friend figure out how to get along with their obnoxious coworker.

**Who would bother you more?**

A. Someone who lies to make themselves seem like a nice person when they're actually secretly fake af.

B. Someone who lies to make themselves seem like they know more when they're actually secretly dumb af.

**Which could you do for longer without getting tired?  Or to put it another way, which one would make you feel more relieved if your friend offered to step in and take over for you?**

A. Babysit some sweet but emotionally volatile kids.

B. Take coherent notes in a physics lecture.

**What do you wish you could change more about yourself?**

A. I wish I were more aware of what other people are feeling and could be more sensitive.

B. I wish I could explain my beliefs better so people would take me more seriously.Impossible!!  Haha.  Your first two answers are INFP, your second two are INTP.  :'(

Alright friend, I'm gonna have to let you figure it out for yourself.  Here are two descriptions of the types by socionics author Gulenko.  Keep in mind that in socionics, the last letter is flipped for introverts.  So INFP is called 'INFj'.  Just didn't want you to get confused!

[INFP description](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/288-INFj-The-Humanist-Profile-by-Gulenko)

[INTP description](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/289-INTj-The-Analyst-Profile-by-Gulenko)

Sooo...what say ye?You're very welcome!  Sorry I had such a hard time haha. I'm glad you found one that feels right to you!First thought was ESFP.INTJ?Lol ENTP?INFP?Don't answer if you already know!

[Here I am.](http://imgur.com/iAauVEi)

[And one more, for kicks.](https://scontent-dfw1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/10300083_10103164420956880_904765317729898965_n.jpg?oh=9c4841219f8ca795fa7b612f61435753&amp;oe=57F7AE9E)Haha I'm so sorry! I think your hair reminded me a bit of Macklemore is all :PINFP?INTP?First thought was ENTP but I don't feel confident about that lolISFP?INTJ?ISTP?Uhhh...ISFJ?ESFJ?ENTJ?INFP?Aww thank you, you are so sweet :) :)::blush:: omg you are so nice, thank youAlmost!Hehehe :3Aww thank you!! ::blush::

Keep trying ;PHuh...well that narrows it down a lot anyway haha.  Um...INFP?ISFP?  We're running out of guesses here haha!Awww you're INFJ?  Ohh I want to be your friend now. :3:(💋!💍✨Damn, love.  Give INTPs a chance!  They're the best!💌고마워~~ &lt;3YESSS OMG!

🏩/💒/🔪

1. ESFJ, ISTP, ENTJ
3. INFJ, ESTP, ENTP
4. ISTJ, INFP, INTJ
5. ESFP, ENFJ, ESTJ
6. ISFP, ESTP, INTJ
7. ENFJ, ENTP, ESTJ
8. INFP, INFJ, ESFP
9. ENTJ, INTP, ISTJ
10. ENFP, ISTP, INTJ
11. ISFP, ENTP, ESFJ

Fuckable (in order): ISTP, ESTP, ENFJ, INTP, ISFP, ESFP and ESTJ if they were kinky, ENFP and INFP if they were experienced/mature/edgy, ENTP if they're like smooth like Robert Downey Jr. or Gillian Anderson, ENTJ and INTJ women

Marryable (in order): INTP, ISTP, ISFJ, ESTP, INFJ, ENTP

Killable: nobody I love you allI can see it! :)I like IxTPs because of their baby Fe's.yaaay :DNope nope!  You got the temperament right though. :)::sweats nervously::

::sobs quietly into pillow::Temperament is the first and last letter - so ExxJ in this case :)  I'm not ENTJ though!Omg you are so fucking cute::melts into a puddle::Exactly, you have decoded my very skillful and obscure use of language!  Well done!::deep blush::

Congrats, you found me!! :) :) &lt;3heeeeeee! :D::stomps around angrily::yeessss &lt;3Filatova's descriptions are so dreamy.  I didn't know she had a book!:*!Sure!

**Which kind of advice do you think you would be *better at* giving?  Like, which are you more confident you could really help with?** 

A. Helping a friend figure out how to apply for a reverse home mortgage.

B. Helping a friend figure out how to get along with their obnoxious coworker.

**Who would bother you more?**

A. Someone who lies to make themselves seem like a nice person when they're actually secretly fake af.

B. Someone who lies to make themselves seem like they know more when they're actually secretly dumb af.

**Which could you do for longer without getting tired?  Or to put it another way, which one would make you feel more relieved if your friend offered to step in and take over for you?**

A. Babysit some sweet but emotionally volatile kids.

B. Take coherent notes in a physics lecture.

**What do you wish you could change more about yourself?**

A. I wish I were more aware of what other people are feeling and could be more sensitive.

B. I wish I could explain my beliefs better so people would take me more seriously.Based on what you've said here, I think it's likely that you're INFJ.

Check out [this profile](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/287-INFp-The-Lyricist-Profile-by-Gulenko) (note: in socionics, INFJ is called 'INFp' or 'IEI') and see what you think?  Ignore the parts about money and clothes; they're rarely accurate.&gt; I'm usually aware of what people are feeling, often apparently more aware then they themselves are

&gt; I am really sensitive to being taken seriously

These two quotes in particular stood out to me as dom-Fi and inf-Te, respectively.

I can see how it would be confusing to type yourself - I think you are probably quite an intellectual and rational person and that can 
present as Ti.  But from the way you write I think INFP is the more likely option.  You seem to have quite a secure sense of self and an awareness of how you feel about things ("taking notes is actual kind of soothing", "I get irritated when people want me to help them with their taxes") which is not something I often see in xNTPs - they usually don't realize what they're feeling until after I point it out to them, lol.

I am getting the impression you may be INTJ.

Read [this description](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/286-INTp-The-Critic-Profile-by-Gulenko) and see what you think.  Note that in socionics, INTJ is referred to as INTp or ILI.  Feel free to ignore anything about clothing or money; those parts of the descriptions are usually not that accurate.I find INTP to be unlikely - they have very undervalued/sensitive Se, which means you're extremely unlikely to find them 'selling themselves' or sharing their positive traits as easily as you did here.  ISTP is not out of the realm of possibility though.

IxxPs in general tend to be very slothy - happy to lay about and not do much of anything.  IxxJs on the other hand *can* be quite laid-back/relaxed, but generally start to feel the need to do/produce something after too long a period of stillness.  I cannot imagine an INTP saying they're a morning person lol.  I'm sure some exist though, but they'd be quite rare in my estimation.

Which ISTP description are you reading?Ohhh, yes.  I keep a list.  This should be fun.

* "One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to lose sight, for a very long time, of the shore." *-André Gide*
* "We all hang by a thread. We are all connected by the inevitability of adversity and universality of suffering. While our lives are as fragile as filament, the isolation and loneliness of struggle are illusions." *-Ben Sherwood*
* "You must never confuse faith that you will prevail in the end - which you can never afford to lose - with discipline to confront the most brutal facts of your current reality, whatever they might be."
*-Admiral James Stockdale*
* "Cherish your solitude. Take trains by yourself to places you have never been. Sleep out alone under the stars. Learn how to drive a stick shift. Go so far away that you stop being afraid of not coming back. Say no when you don’t want to do something. Say yes if your instincts are strong, even if everyone around you disagrees. Decide whether you want to be liked or admired. Decide if fitting in is more important than finding out what you’re doing here."
*-Eve Ensler*
* "Your life is always reflecting back to you the contents of your consciousness. If you don’t like what you’re experiencing, that’s because your skill at conscious creation remains underdeveloped. That’s not a problem though because you’re here to develop it. You’re experiencing exactly what you’re supposed to be experiencing so you can learn."
*-Steve Pavlina*
* "when we are loved we are afraid / love will vanish / when we are alone we are afraid / love will never return / and when we speak we are afraid / our words will not be heard / nor welcomed / but when we are silent / we are still afraid // So it is better to speak / remembering / we were never meant to survive"
*-Audre Lord*
* "Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you."
*-Nietzsche*
* "He ate and drank the precious Words; his Spirit grew robust. He knew no more that he was poor, nor that his frame was Dust."
*-Emily Dickinson*
* "You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You must do the thing which you think you cannot do."
*-Eleanor Roosevelt*Ooh I like that last one.  Feels especially pertinent politically these days.

*Where's the goddamned lightswitch?*So just remember though that socionics has a weird labeling system - what they call ISTp is what MBTI calls ISTJ, so that's what that description is referring to.  I would not rule out ISTJ for you, although I do feel like I see more Se/Ni and would continue to suggest INTJ (this is also related to the 'vibes' I get from your writing).  Additionally most ISTJs would report having an excellent memory for detail; it's one of their defining traits (dominant Si), and they would also likely be very uncomfortable with 'selling themselves' as they have ignoring (strongly unvalued) Se.

I don't think N vs. S has any influence on energy, and I definitely don't think it has anything to do with internal or external motivation.  That would be more related to introverted vs. extroverted functions.

In practice, Ni and Si are both introverted perceiving types, so Ni-doms and Si-doms are usually similar in temperament, and the same is true for all other types.  Actually, this is one of the most consistent trends I've seen in typing - IxxPs are slothy, ExxPs are frenetic/fidgety, ExxJs and IxxJs both like to rest but feel guilty for not being productive, or at least some kind of internal urge that 'something needs to be done' (E moreso than I). ExxJs are consistently talkative, IxxJs consistently prefer listening, and xxxPs almost always report preferring 'give-and-take' conversations.

Just as an FYI, I very much skew toward a functional model of typology, which is more along the lines of Beebe and socionics, so the way these branches conceptualize the types is somewhat different and (imo) more complex and accurate than you'll find from Keirsey or even Meyers-Briggs herself.  The Keirsey descriptions in particular I often find to be quite inaccurate and can lead to mistyping.  And the tests - all of the multiple choice tests - are shit unfortunately lol&gt; That's weird, coz [...]

Yeah, I noticed that too.  It's pretty funny.  Really, though, the labels are just shortcuts; they don't form the bulk of the type.  There are ISTJ actors and ESFJ scientists and so on.

Btw just as a shorthand, when switching between MBTI names and socionics names, extroverts stay the same (e.g. ENTP is ENTp), but introverts switch the last letter (INTP becomes INTj in socionics).  This is because in MBTI the last letter tells you which function (perceiving or judging) is *extroverted*, whereas in socionics it tells you which one is *dominant*.  For extroverts it's the same function, but in introverts it's different ones (their main introverted function is the dominant one).  I hope I didn't make it more confusing with my explanation!

For clarity, I (and many Western typologists) always stick with the MBTI labels, even though we draw a lot of inspiration from socionics (which is primarily a Russian/Eastern European school).  MBTI types are always written with four capital letters (ENFP, ISTJ) and socionics types are always written with the last letter lowercase (ENFp, ISTp), so that should help you discern which system someone's using.

Would you like to try a couple different descriptions?  Sometimes one author just doesn't click with us for some reason or another.  There's one author that describes ENFJs basically as [flirty charlatans who are indifferent to the suffering of their own children](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/60-Hamlet-Female-portrait-ENFj-by-Beskova) lol.  I laugh now but I was so enraged at the time I read that.

You might try Filatova: 

* [ISTJ](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/43-ISTp-description-(Filatova\))
* [INTJ](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/35-INTp-description-(Filatova\))
* [ISTP](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/48-ISTj-description-(Filatova\))

The Socioweb descriptions tend to be pretty good too:

* [ISTJ](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/SLI-ISTp/)
* [INTJ](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/ILI-INTp/)
* [ISTP](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/LSI-ISTj/)

Before I give you resources for Beebe and socionics, how familiar are you with the functions themselves?  Ni, Se, Te, etc.  I think it's really important to have a firm grasp of those before you dive any deeper.So there are two things to keep in mind here.

One is that it can be hard to type yourself (or to type others) in the midst of any particular mental illness or difficulty, like the depression and anxiety that you mention.  For example, I'm an ENFJ, but I have social anxiety - so the stereotypical descriptions of ENFJs as, like, social butterflies who never have issues starting up conversations with strangers is patently false for me.  What I try to do for these kind of issues is to compare the subject at a time when they *didn't* have these issues (or a period when the issues were not as strong) to the present and notice which of the differences could be related to the disorder, and then try to factor those out somewhat.  Another tactic is to compare the population as a whole to those who have the disorders and factor out the commonalities in the disordered people.  And finally, if you have access to e.g. a couple of depressed INTJs and a couple of psychologically healthy INTJs, compare the two and notice the differences.

The second is that I do think that certain personality types will be more prone to developing certain psychological and personality disorders.  Ni-doms (that's INTJ and INFJ) would probably be especially prone to depression.  NFJs and NTPs seem most likely to experience social anxiety.  I would guess that STJs and NFPs are more likely to suffer from OCD or compulsions, although that's just my intuition.  SFPs seem like they would be prone to bipolar or mania, and so on.  Of course any type can experience any disorder, but since both cognitive functions and psychological disorders deal with processes in the brain, it would make sense to me that they'd be somewhat related.

For what it's worth, I've been typing people for a while now, and although I force myself to find specific evidence (e.g. your desire to be cool is very common with low Se users, so xNxJs), I have developed a pretty good intuition based on just the way people write.  With NTJs in particular something about the language seems...slippery, so I'll find that my eyes have glossed over 2-3 lines but I haven't actually comprehended what they're saying, so I have to go back and re-read a couple of times.  I would be more willing to accept ISTJ or IxTP for you if I didn't have that issue, but as it is, I feel pretty confident in my analysis, especially after you broke it down like you did.  There will be something in every description that doesn't fit quite right, and ultimately I'd love to really do cross-cultural research (I think a lot of the mistakes in socionics descriptions come from studying ONLY Russian INTJs, ENFPs, etc.) and narrow it down to the most fundamental truths about a type.  But additionally, what we're really looking for is the 'description of best fit' - for example, if an INTJ is typically A, B, C, D, E, F, G, and an ISFP is typically 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and you as an individual present as A, B, 3, D, E, 6, \*, it's fair to say you are *likely* INTJ.

Learning the cognitive functions can also help a LOT in bridging the gap between "behaviors typically expressed by X type" and "my behaviors", because ultimately what defines a type is not *what* they do, but the cognitive process they went through to get there.  So for example, Fe (FJs and TPs) tends to be very responsive to the emotional atmosphere of a room, and Te (TJs and FPs) tends to be very responsive to efficiency and effectiveness of a system, so it's fair to say that Fe-users *tend to* be better with people, and Te-users *tend to* be more successful at accomplishing tasks.  But an Fe user who grew up, you know, working in a factory with his father and never playing with other children will probably be more diligent and worse with people than a Te-user who grew up on a bunny-strewn commune with regular lessons about sharing and compassion or something.  But if you could peer inside their minds and see that Fe-user's thought process is "I want to be helpful to my fellow workers by getting my job done and easing their burden," and Te-user's thought process is "The most effective way to ensure that this parcel is delivered on time is to insert these three key 'politeness phrases' and smile at the end of my sentence", you can start to tease out the difference between psychological type and expressed behavior.

Okay so what I recommend you do at this point is to start paying some extra attention to the cognitive functions themselves.  There are a few resources I recommend for this:

* [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/48x9m8/my_analysis_of_functions/) is a brief overview I wrote about the different functions and how they work.  Make sure to read the comments as well for some good feedback/criticisms.
* [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4qfn5v/how_to_type_yourself_using_cognitive_functions/) is a *slightly* more detailed - and updated - post I wrote about typing yourself using the functions.
* I don't know how useful this will be, but I detailed how [ENFJs work functionally](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4jgfg4/how_functions_interact/), with comparisons to some other types, in that post.
* CelebrityTypes has some really good [articles and infographics](http://www.celebritytypes.com/articles.php) on the subject.  The benefit of this site is that it is quite easy to understand and usually fairly accurate.  The drawback is that it's often oversimplified.
* [Michael Pierce](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmDcT_Pujk8vOcxk_IcnxtQ/playlists) has some excellent and informative videos on the subject.  I suggest starting in Season 1, particularly the "Functions and Attitudes" playlist.  The benefit of his videos is that they are very easy to follow (for me) and that he explains his reasoning and thought process quite well.  The drawback is that he is 90% accurate, but that sometimes he extends into speculation that has been wildly wrong in my experience.  Pay particular attention to his ideas where he explains the theory and reasoning, but retain skepticism when he makes a claim without much reasoning behind it.
* The Sociotype and "The16Types" websites have quite good breakdowns of the different functions.  You can find the Sociotype descriptions by going [here](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/information_elements/) and clicking through to the function in question.  The16Types ones are a little trickier - I usually google "socionics Ne" for example, and click on The16Types page that comes up ([here's](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/280-Socionics-Information-Elements-Descriptions-by-Functions) the one for Ne).  The benefit of these is that they're much more in-depth and (imo) very interesting and perceptive, and they'll start to ease you into the idea of how the functions can behave in different positions in the stack.  The drawback is that they're DENSE and complicated, and certain aspects are just flat out wrong lol.  Again, my working theory is that this happens where culture and type intersect, because socionics is very research-based, and unfortunately it seems that most of their research is limited to Russian/Eastern European participants, which I think throws off some of the results.

Okay so after you get a good idea of the functions themselves, then you can start diving into their stacking.  Both Jung and Beebe describe positions in the stack in terms of archetypes, like "This is the demon" and "This is the inner child" etc, which actually turns out to be pretty useful in grasping how different types use the same function.  And then you can go even deeper with socionics and look at different groupings of types.  For example, there are 'quadras', which are the four types that use the same functions but in different orders.  And there are 'temperaments', which I've talked a little about - e.g. all four IxxJ types.  And you can see what the types in these groupings have in common.  And finally socionics talks a bit about intertype relationships - for example, how do ENFJs and INTPs often interact?  What are areas they find common ground on, what are areas they might differ?  Common pitfalls, tips and tricks, and so on.  Well, and finally finally, I've just started getting into "subtypes", which describes how individuals of the same type may present differently depending on their stage in life and the social and personal pressures that influence them.  But that's all WAYYYY down the road.

So take your time, investigate the functions a bit, and then if you get hungry for more, get back to me and ask me (specifically, if you would - I won't remember) for some more resources about Beebe, Jungian archetypes, function order, socionics groups, intertype interactions, and subtypes.I'm pretty sure you're NFJ.  I would lean toward INFJ, but I can't rule out ENFJ either.

Check out these descriptions and see what you think.  Don't be confused by the terminology - in socionics (the branch of typology these descriptions come from), ENFJ is called ENFj or EIE, and INFJ is called INFp or IEI

* [INFJ profile 1](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/287-INFp-The-Lyricist-Profile-by-Gulenko)
* [INFJ profile 2](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/31-INFp-description-Filatova)
* [ENFJ profile 1](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/65-ENFj-The-Mentor-profile-by-Gulenko)
* [ENFJ profile 2](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/38-ENFj-description-Filatova)

What do you think?I don't think tests are an accurate representation of type.  But I also can't definitively rule out ENFP for you.

&gt; envision a particular way I'd like something to play out

This is more along the lines of Ni than Ne.  Ni looks for the path of best fit, the desired outcome, the most essential meaning.  Ne, especially Ne-doms, often feel somewhat disappointed once they fully understand something or find out what's going to happen.  Ni often feel gratified by these things, especially when things turn out the way they predicted they would.

&gt; if it was something that was affecting someone else negatively

This is not something an Fi-user is going to be particularly interested in interfering with - they'd be much more concerned with whether something is affecting *themselves* negatively.  The exception might be a child or someone else to whom they feel a responsibility, but generally Fi is more "live and let live", especially Ne-Fi.  There are exceptions; Fi can definitely go on "moral crusades", but it's more along the lines of "I'm standing up against X because X is a bad thing to do" rather than "I'm standing up against X because it's hurting this person."

&gt; I would have more fun listening

This would be a rare ENFP - they're usually much more interested in a lively give-and-take.  Having a conversation with an ENFP often feels (to me) like playing a game of catch lol.

&gt; I CAN sometimes be exuberant and enthusiastic about possibilities

This is pretty much any type.  The question is, what kind of possibilities excite you?  INFJs would be more likely to say the opportunity to understand something, to explore something new (the emphasis being on the exploring/understanding), to connect with someone, to find out that they were right, to realize their vision.  ENFPs would be more likely to say the opportunity to  change things up, to escape, to discover something new (the emphasis being on the discovery/novelty), to be themselves/uninhibited, to prove themselves right (to others).

&gt; didn't feel 'selfless' or 'mystical' enough to be INFJ

Selflessness has no correlation with Fe/Fi.  Both functions can be selfish or selfless.  Also, a selfless person rarely sees themselves as such.

Very few people see themselves as mystical, because we all have access to our own minds.  Also, the two INFJs I know come across as quite rational and studious.  They are both attracted to wonderous things like space and literature, but they are not woo-woo.  There are definitely woo-woo INFJs, but like...Hitler was also an INFJ lol.  Mysterious, misunderstood, or 'in their minds' might be a better description as to how other people often view INFJs.  ENFPs are generally viewed as boisterous, uninhibited, and genuine.  Both types can be described as warm and charming, but it's in a different way.  INFJs draw you in and warm you up/charm you in that moment, in that connection with them, whereas ENFPs radiate warmth and charm outward.  As a general rule, NFJs seem charming because they really "get people" and make you feel safe and cared about, and NFPs seem charming because they really "stay true to themselves" and make you feel excited and interested in them.  There are so many exceptions though, and it depends on introversion and extroversion, and also how we see ourselves is often not how others see us.

&gt; What are some observable differences you've noticed between the INFJs &amp; ENFPs you know?

They're so different I find it hard to even compare lol.

* [Michio Kaku](https://youtu.be/NxPZMaxIvyA?t=1m) is an ENFP.
* [Noam Chomsky](https://youtu.be/btJfkPBLULg?t=21s) is an INFJ.

* [Carly Rae Jepson](https://youtu.be/DLYPDBjwl-Y) is an ENFP.
* [Joanna Newsom](https://youtu.be/z8-wvplBNro) is an INFJ

If neither of these feel right you might also consider ENFJ or INFP.That's awesome!  I'm really happy to hear that I could help :D

As to why?  Because tests suck, plain and simple haha.  I was lucky to get my type on tests, but most of the time they ask questions that just...don't have much (or anything) to do with personality types.

I've been typing people for a while now, and while I definitely make mistakes, I've developed an intuition about how certain types tend to speak and write, use body language, the things they focus on...things tests can't really assess accurately, especially when they're self-reported, because we often have a pretty skewed picture of ourselves in our minds.  Like I always feel like I'm really awkward and embarrassing so when ENFJs are described as charming and smooth I'm like ?????  But then I watch videos of myself, and see how people (both close to me and ones I don't know well) describe me or compliment me, and I realize...yeah the 'me' I look like to other people doesn't match the 'me' in my head at all.  So when you have a test that's like, "Are you charming?  Do you find it effortless to talk with people?"...yeah, it just doesn't work.&gt; she's ISFJ (although there's some weird things in the socionics INFp descriptions

Just a little confused by this - ISFJ = ISFp in socionics, INFJ = INFp.

Also socionics has weird things about clothes and money in their descriptions that don't match my experience at all, so I tend to tell people to ignore those things ha.

&gt; I think you're correct after all!

Yusssss this is my favorite thing to hear haha :P

&gt; Is that a result of having our Ti be less well developed, especially versus our Ni? [...] is that correct?

O_O My instinct is to just say yes because this flew entirely over my head lol!  But I would say that, if I'm understanding you correctly, you might be onto something.  Ti tends to be internally consistent, so something that a Ti user says should/must be grounded in some sort of logic or evidence that stacks on itself.  So when I find myself confused with a Ti-user, I can just ask the reasoning behind something and have them explain it to me.  The things Te users say are more based on the context and thus are more 'fluid' - you can identify a fact or idea that pertains to a narrow situation.  This makes you more flexible and practical, but it also makes it so that if I missed whatever context or details led you to a particular conclusion, it just kind of...drifts away into the ether, lol.

I find that I don't have too much trouble with people that use both Te and Si, because if I missed the context, they can patiently go back and recount it, because they'll remember the details and influencing factors.  But because Ni works in a more metaphorical/model-based way, often unconsciously, what happens is that for example - and this is going to be a terrible example - you might see a construction crane wobbling precariously in the wind, and your mind jumps to one of those [wobbling birds drinking water](http://www.scientificameriken.com/hp_graphics/Jan_08/drinkingbirdexplained.jpg) without even consciously realizing it, and using that as a model your brain "intuitively" surmises that it must have something to do with temperature or pressure.

So to me it just looks like you invented that out of nowhere, because I don't know that you passed through the "wobbling bird" metaphor (or how those birds even work, because I tend not to remember specific applications like that, only the general principles e.g. "What is air pressure?").  But then if I try to get some kind of universal principle from you - e.g. "Is wobbliness always caused by temperature and pressure?", you'll be hesitant to explain it in that way because there can be so many exceptions and different contexts where it's not true.  By comparison, an Si-Te user might say something like, "This gauge reads xyz and the manual says that if it's xyz it means abc," or "In my experience, abc tends to happen when the weather does this, so what you gotta do when it does this is..."  This helps me create a Ti "rule" in my head I can always follow, even though it's only applicable in a narrow context, so it makes the information "stickier" for me.

Wow I hope that helped explain it because I feel like I've gone off the deep end a bit lol.

&gt; a very organised person

There are many different ways to be organized, many of them unconscious.  Your mental library of metaphors and models is very organized, and you can apply situations to the correct model to understand it very quickly.  Your mental repository of "useless facts" is very organized, so that you can pull them out of a hat precisely when you need them.  You likely have a pretty good track record of guessing how long things will take or how much effort you'll need to put in to get something done, so you're organized in the sense that you don't needlessly waste a lot of time expending your effort on something that's unlikely to produce results.

That said, I would never describe high Ni-users as organized in the sense of "neat and tidy living spaces" or "always moving and productive".  We tend to *feel better* it organized/clean environments, but actually keeping it that way is more of about Si - which is associated with maintenance and precision tasks.

As for schedules, if you're anything like me, you make a lot of lists and schedules and then promptly ignore them lol.  I think for Ni-users it's useful to plan things out in our heads or on paper, to get the general idea of how we want things to go - and then dive in and adjust as we see what actually comes to pass, rather than trying to force ourselves to stick to an arbitrary plan we made before we had all the information.

&gt; 
He he he, I utter these kinds of statements all the time. I have this insistence that there must be some way to get the thing done that I want to do, and I get really obsessed with trying to figure out how.


Yes, this is very INTJ, and specifically quite Ni-Se.

&gt; But just sitting there and logically analysing the information as it comes in doesn't work so well for me as does seeing how well it integrates with what I already believe.

Yeah, my issue is that, since I have role Te (basically, I can only play pretend with Te lol, I really suck at it), I *can't* remember or even understand *anything* unless it integrates into what I already know/believe.  It's kind of like...to me, Ti is collecting puzzle pieces I find on the ground, taking them home, and putting them together to see the picture they make.  Te is like trying to memorize the colors and shapes of 100 random puzzle pieces thrown at me as I'm running down the sidewalk.  It's just...not going to happen.

&gt; Thanks again for all your help. 

You're very welcome! &lt;3Oh, dear, I'm happy to tell you, but I don't know how useful it'll be if you don't know the functions.

For reference, INFJs use the functions: Ni-Fe-Ti-Se, in that order.

&gt; It doesn't matter whether they actually care about them or not, more of their skills to deal with others.

This all but ruled out Fi for me (so no xxFP or xxTJ)

&gt; will turn out bad for others (especially the environment

Common values for Fe-users (xxFJ and xxTP)

&gt; I'm so bad at remembering details

This generally indicates xNxJ, possibly xNxP.

&gt; Even when I study, I just want to understand the general idea of a concept.

This indicates high Ni, almost certainly xNxJ

&gt; I often think about the future

N-type

&gt; how I would be successful in the future, with people looking up to me

valued Se (xSxP, xNxJ)

&gt; gossiping

Fe + Se (xNFJ, xSTP)

&gt; I would prefer listening to an interesting person

IxxJ

&gt; useful

Likely not high Ne (no xNxP)

&gt; I don't really care that much about anything to "strongly disagree.

this suggests dominant perceiving (ExxP, IxxJ)

&gt; I would confront them if the action is repeated

valued but low Se (xNxJ)

&gt; a polite way
&gt; I would like to keep my facade

valued Fe (xxFJ, xxTP)

&gt; easy-going, hard-to-annoy

generally dominant perceiving (IxxJ, ExxP)

&gt; I'm definitely interested in and willing to do all of the things you mentioned

valued Se (xSxP, xNxJ)

&gt; I act quite differently to different people

Fe user, also often Se (xNFJ, xSTP)

&gt; I become emotional to rational people and vice versa

Very NFJ

&gt;  I have trouble verbalizing what I'm thinking

Common with Ni (xNxJ, xSxP)

&gt; I almost never interrupt.

Likely introvert

&gt; I don't feel ever feel like I have so much energy and can't sit still.

Definitely not ExxP

&gt; It's extreme hard for me to get up after relaxing or out of bed; I only get up when there is important commitment, like work.

This suggests either IxxP or INxJ

&gt; haven't got around to do it because of laziness. I have had many projects in mind but I'm not even likely to start them, let alone finish them.

common with INxJs especially, but also visible in IxxPs and some ENxJsYes and no.  They're more easy-going and laid-back in terms of *other* people - they're almost never pushy, and their judgments tend to be kept private if made at all (you'll see a lot more judgmental language on forums like Reddit from these types than you would in real life).

That said, they can be very high-stress within themselves, feeling a lot of pressure to live up to their own or other people's standards, or relying on other people's admiration or approval for happiness.

As for why...well, I'd imagine it's because their dominant function in life is to drink in and absorb information, rather than make decisions or judgments about it, no?  So they're much less likely to be forceful or pushy toward other people.It's been a long process of research and discovery.

Good places to start:

1. [Celebrity Types](http://www.celebritytypes.com/articles.php)
2. [Michael Pierce](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmDcT_Pujk8vOcxk_IcnxtQ)
3. The sidebar of this sub
4. Beebe (e.g. [here](http://www.jungatlanta.com/articles/winter08-evolving-the-eight-function-model.pdf) or [here](http://www.innerexplorations.com/catpsy/a.htm)\)
5. [Sociotype](http://sociotype.com/)
6. [The 16 Types](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/23-socionics-section)

Also talking to people whose opinion I respect.

After a certain amount of time I started to develop my own intuitions and discoveries about some of the ideas involved.  Just be patient, explore, practice, and be critical - you won't agree with everything you read, and that's okay. :)Aww, you have no idea how nice your compliments have made me feel. Thank you :) :)

To answer your question...I honestly have no idea. Any charts out there are wrong imo, because they're based on tests (which are inaccurate) and also cherry-picked samples (e.g. only including students from a business school)

I have no specific evidence for this, but my intuition is that the types are distributed roughly evenly. It seems to me that we all fill some kind of societal and communal niche. I don't know if type is determined randomly, or maybe if children are prone to developing function-attitudes to fill what they perceive as a "gap" if one exists...I just don't know tbh. 

On Reddit, of the people who ask me to type them, it's almost always INTJ, INTP, INFJ, and INFP. I get some ENTP, ENFJ,  ISFJ, and ISTJ as well, and I've only gotten one or two ESFP, ENFP, ESTP, ISFP, ESTJ, ENTJ, ISTP, and ESFJ.

I think that likely represents a combination of what types are most likely to use Reddit + what types are most likely to be interested in MBTI + what types are most likely to have difficulty typing themselves + what types are most likely to feel comfortable posting their questionnaire answers on Reddit + what types are most likely to be willing to ask for help.

But I don't think it represents the type distribution in 'real life'. 

In my real life, gathering up everyone whose type I know (and not including celebrities)

ESFP 5 (1 family, 3 work, 1 friend)

ISFP 3 (1 family, 2 lovers)

ESTP 2 (1 work, 1 lover/acquaintance)

ISTP 3 (1 family, 1 acquaintance, 1 lover)

ESFJ 5 (2 family, 2 work, 1 acquaintance)

ISFJ 3 (1 work, 1 acquaintance, 1 lover)

ESTJ 3 (3 acquaintances)

ISTJ 5 (1 work, 2 acquaintances, 1 friend, 1 lover)

ENFP 5 (1 work, 3 acquaintances, 1 lover)

INFP 7 (1 work, 5 acquaintances, 1 friend)

ENFJ 4 (1 work, 2 acquaintances, myself)

INFJ 3 (1 family, 1 work, 1 lover)

ENTP 3 (1 family, 1 work, 1 acquaintance)

INTP 2 (1 work, 1 lover)

ENTJ 3 (1 family, 1 work, 1 acquaintance)

INTJ 1 (1 acquaintance)

Plus one INTx and one IxFx that barely talk to me (stepsiblings) so I have a hard time being sure. Leaning INTP and either ISFJ or INFP based solely on their body language, but it's hard to say.  Also there was one IxTP lover but not sure exactly which. And one child that's too young to say yet but is possibly ENTP. And a girl I get ISTP vibes from but it's too early to be sure.

Okay so I have to stop now or I'll go forever lol. Me personally I feel like I know mostly INFPs, but that's also one of the easiest types for me to identify so it's often been quite easy for me to type ones I haven't spent much time with, as opposed to e.g. ISxJs and IxTPs and ExxJs, which I need more obvious evidence to choose between.  Also it's possible I'm mistyping some ISFPs as INFPs?  But no, impossible... :PThank you for sharing your thoughts! :)What type are you?I appreciate your thoughts!  I feel like she's genuine too; it's interesting that a lot of people see her behavior merely as attention-seeking.I really loved this thorough analysis. I think you came to the same conclusion as I did about the connection of the song and video - the only difference being that I liked it haha. Valued Se-Ni maybe?Spyfall sounds really fun!  I would be THE BEST at that.

So does Freedom.

I do love me some Pandemic, though.  I definitely Se my way through it.  I get really annoyed when people try to come up with a strategy.  "Too many things could happen, it's impossible to plan for everything, let's just PLAYYYYY"A very mature INFJ, sure, but...the three INFJs I've known - all of whom were exceptionally intelligent both logically and emotionally - did not have healthy boundaries or the skills necessary to safeguard them.  It's always "hold it in and say nothing until one day shit explodes and/or you turn into a completely different person in order to accommodate others' expectations of you".ISTJs are not bossy at all.

My fiance's ISTJ friend said it best -

**Me:** I can't be friends with people who don't have their shit together.  It's exhausting - I can't help it, I always try to intervene in other people's problems.

**Him:** Not me.  I just smile and wave as they sail off in the wrong direction.

ESTJs are superficially bossy but they are very easy to ignore since they don't have valued Se.

E.g. -

**ESTJ:** Don't buy a house now!  That's a terrible idea, you haven't saved enough money.

**Me:** ::buys a house::

**ESTJ:** Here are some flowers for your new house.

The trick is to just not try to argue with them, and do what you were going to do anyway.  And then charm them and play to their baby Fi (empathize with them, notice and validate their feelings, show affection, be genuine when expressing your thoughts/opinions).  They'll forget all about the disagreement and/or respect you for making your own decisions (as long as they were actually good decisions after all).Hmm...any IxxJ probably.  ISTJ might be okay.  But in general IxFJs seem too much at the mercy of other people, and INxJs seem pretty depressed/gloomy on average.

They're definitely my favorite types to teach though.  INxJs are quick and ISxJs are thorough learners, they are generally very easy to motivate, and they usually put their best effort in.  At least for my class.I don't feel embarrassed dancing in public or anything.  My two issues are:

1. I have shit spatial awareness and always step/fall on other people or objects.
2. I get bored of it really fast, especially if it's a DJ or playlist.  Live music is different because it's less "dancing for the sake of dancing" and more of an accessory to the main event.

That said I love dancing that's choreographed or like...group stuff, songs that have specific moves, ballroom dancing, etc. I like sneaky rogues - assassins and stealth archers.

I equally like "freezy" mages - either with ice magic, stone, any kind of paralysis.

Basically I like having time to set up my shots without people noticing/attacking me.Hey, I haven't seen you around before.  I like you.Could literally be anything.  The only types I'd shy away from would be xxFJ and ISFP, but even that's not definite.Hey there. :)  Thank you for answering these questions!

The truth is though - after a lot of testing and feedback, I realized this particular questionnaire is not actually that helpful.  I made [this one](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4k1y97/heres_your_semiregular_typing_thread_3/), which has been much more consistent in helping me type people.  If it's not too much effort, would you mind answering those questions?::squeaks:: Me? \^_^

I personally feel cringey looking at *other* people's emojis - I think it can come across as a lack of confidence, along with constant use of 'lol' and 'haha'.  I do it anyway though...because it's necessary for me to feel like "myself" when I'm typing.  And I'm sure other people aren't as cognizant of it as I am.&gt; Not so good at expressing sadness, though. I keep that to myself and just prefer to be more quiet if I am sad.

Oh my god this is so me.  When I was younger I often made fights worse because I would clam up and 'give the silent treatment', except it was less a conscious choice and more just the fact that I can't word properly when I'm overcome with negative emotion.  Even when I'm really sad/upset I find it incredibly difficult to cry in front of other people.  I have issues with people in my life not believing me (or understanding the full extent of it) when I say I'm sad/upset/angry/anxious because I mask it so well.

Unless it's a Sarah McLachlan puppy commercial or a Pixar movie or the song "Small Bump" by Ed Sheeran...then it's waterworks all over everyone...Forgive me for butting in; I just wanted to answer this too :D

My irritation and impatience are VERY on display.  This has been partly a conscious choice.  It actually helps me build relationships with people better when I don't filter myself too much.  That said, if I often find myself getting irritated at something that I don't believe is an *actual* problem, I put a lot of work into fixing whatever issues I'm having within myself, and try really hard not to take it out on other people.  E.g. I've gotten very good at staying calm and encouraging when a student is trying their best but struggling to grasp a new concept, but I give NO quarter to students who half ass their work and then come crying to me about their grades.  I show intense frustration/annoyance for a few moments, lecture them for 20 seconds, and then return to my normal self - it's soooo much better than carrying around resentment, which is more damaging in the long term I think.

I really hate expressing anger.  I do it sometimes, but I am VERY restrained with it.  When something makes me extremely angry, my very strong instinct is to give up on that person/situation and escape.  I used to actually do it - cut friends off entirely over relatively minor disagreements, etc.  I've gotten better at just sitting with the feeling until it's manageable enough to communicate.

I'm a pretty informal person in general.  I don't do things just for the sake of being polite.  The things I say and do are geared toward getting the results I want in a relationship or interaction.  So if expressing anger is more likely to get me good results, I do.  If hiding it is better, I do.  It just depends on what my goals are - get someone to do something, project a certain image, change the topic away from something uncomfortable, get information, etc.  If the goal is deepening the relationship or increasing intimacy though, honest expression is almost always the preferable choice, in my experience.Ne gets on my nerves when it's too heavy on display and immature.  Like "holds up spork" levels.ENFJ

I started simple makeup (lip gloss, nail polish) at some point in elementary school.  I started things like mascara, eyeshadow, glitter, etc. in sixth grade.  More advanced things (foundation etc.) in probably 8th or 9th grade.

I wear makeup rarely.  Going out with friends, taking selfies, or just for fun.  Probably do a full face once every two or three weeks.

A full face can take from 15 minutes to an hour or so, depending on whether I'm trying a difficult tutorial or something.

Favorite part - that's an interesting question.  I think eyeshadow is the most fun, but my favorite part is putting on mascara at the end and seeing the finished look.

Least favorite part is probably foundation.  I have light olive skin so nothing really matches me perfectly.  I have to work really hard to blend it, make sure there are no flaky parts or pores, etc.  It's a pain in the ass.

Favorite lip colors are dusty roses (that look like bright rose on me) and black cherries.  I also really like doing ombre lips where I conceal/put a nude color on the outer part of of my lips and concentrate the color in the center.  Kind of like a cross between ['20s lips](http://dy6g3i6a1660s.cloudfront.net/3dlWD88GuMbmNS9eiZ3o8APUAoo/orig.jpg) and [Korean gradient lips](http://watchoutladies.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/Lovely-korean-ombre-lips.jpg)

I don't contour, no.  I tried it a couple times, but to get the contour dark enough to be noticeable, it started to look unnatural...I don't necessarily like the chiseled look anyway.  But I do highlight.

If I wear liner, I wear it winged.  I also like [puppy eye liner](http://lxedit.files.wordpress.com/2013/12/puppy-eye-vs-cat-eye.jpg) but I haven't tried it yet.It doesn't make sense to me to say that xSTJs value makeup/fashion more than xNFJs or xNTJs.  The latter two have valued Se.

I imagine that in general a focus on physical aesthetics is associated with Se and F.Just FYI these frequency charts are REALLY inaccurate in both my opinion and observation.  I would strongly recommend against trying to use them for scientific investigation into a topic like this.A) My strongest relationships are formed with TV characters and characters from a book or movie series, since I am recurrently invited into their inner world.  Secondary PSRs are formed with YouTubers, bloggers, podcasters, news hosts, etc. - people with whom I have recurrent interaction.  I also occasionally develop an interest in a particular celebrity, politician, historical figure, movie character, or video game character if I really identify with them or find them important to society or some topic I'm interested in.  I have very little interest in most celebrities outside of enjoying their work, though, and I'm particularly disinterested in musicians for some reason.  I have no interest in athletes or other well-known figures (e.g. models).  I almost never spend time on "getting to know" people or characters that I dislike (although what makes me like a character - them being interesting, complex, and illustrative of some principle - is not necessarily what makes me like a person IRL).  When I do put time into a PSR, it's mainly absorbing information (reading or watching videos about them) and trying to analyze their behavior and personality in the context of larger theories I'm interested in, like psychological type, political views, or generation.  For fictional characters I also like discussing the rationale behind their actions, questions of morality and ethics, and symbolism or how that character influences the world of the story or reflects on our society at large.

B) I am not a very fantasy-oriented person - what I mean is, I don't have a very active inner fantasy life, though I can be creative in other ways, and I like reading and looking at other people's work.  So no, I don't imagine or create any fan work like this.  I very occasionally draw fictional characters, but I have little to no interest in that and I'm almost exclusively interested in reading/watching either canonical work or parody/satire (although I do think fanfiction can be very good/creative, I just don't tend to seek it out).

C) I do discuss characters with my real life relationships, in terms of the concepts presented in part A.  A real person may introduce me to a character or important figure, but I'm no more (or less) likely to develop a PSR with them than I would be if I had discovered them on my own.

D) I would say that I do have some more social activity due to my PSR, but it's mostly passive (reading or watching fan-made information) or low-effort (discussing things on forums).  

E) My parasocial life mainly exists to help me learn and test cultural, societal, psychological, relational etc. theories.  I use other people's stories to learn about humanity as a whole and to get advice and life lessons both for use in my own life and in helping other people in my real life.  I also use parasocial information to develop my self-confidence and my sense of connection to others (e.g. if I'm going through something a fictional character is going through, I feel heard and validated).  I generally view fictional characters as an extension of the author, actor, or creator of that work, and try to extract the lessons and emotions the creator inserted into them.  I am generally much less interested in the emotions and life story of real people with whom I have a PSR, and am more interested in discussing and engaging with their thoughts, ideas, and again, their behaviors/personalities as it relates to larger social or psychological theories. My actual social life is completely different for me - that's about personal connection, camaraderie, mutual support, and discussing and sharing the aforementioned theories, including giving advice or relaying stories I've learned from PSR, but they serve very different purposes for me.  I would say PSRs enhance my personal understanding and social relationships, but I don't get inherent value out of them the way I do with real life social relationships.  I would also say that engaging in PSRs is something I, as an extrovert, do in order to satiate my desire for alone time and reflecting in a way that still helps me feel engaged with the outside world, interested, and entertained.  I get bored if I'm left human-contact-less for more than...even 10 minutes or so, to be honest, but even passive "contact" fulfills this need.

F) ENFJ :)

I hope these answers helped!  Sorry if they were a little all over the place.  Good luck with your research and please let us know what you discover!She is one of the go-to characters I use to describe ISTP, along with Daryl from Walking Dead and pretty much any character played by [Kristen Stewart](https://youtu.be/8O95By-r1z8) since she mostly plays herself.   [Karl Pilkington](https://youtu.be/rt2h8jSdxHY) is kind of an interesting example because he seems to be more comfortable with his lower functions than average - more well-rounded and less sensitive about his Fe.&gt; I don't think INTPs really have the specific qualities that would make people want to be more than friends with them

This is really really really really personal and subjective specifically to you and not true for me or a lot of others.

&gt; lacking hygiene

That sounds like your gf specifically; I doubt INTPs have any different hygiene habits than IxxPs in general.

&gt; rebel

This...is an unattractive personality trait in our culture??  James Dean, no?

That said I would guess INFJ + INTP is not likely to be a fruitful combination, unless both are particularly open-minded and well-developedHey, you know, there IS an ExxJ in the beta quadra (::cough cough::).  We're not just going to wander around aimlessly and fuck up our mission.  No fucking way, we'll tie you to the roof of the car if we have to.&gt; I mean, that has the charming (not) combination of apparent arrogance, seeing what isn't there, and some flavor of emotional demand/manipulation.

How do you not see that what you're doing is MORE manipulative and demanding?  "If I tell someone directly what's wrong, they might trivialize it or find me arrogant, so instead I'm going to *drop a trail of cryptic breadcrumbs* and judge the value of our relationship based on how much effort they put into finding and acting on these breadcrumbs in exactly the way I secretly hope they will."  How is that not *more* demanding, relying on people to hack with a machete through jungles of implications and associations formed through your own lived experience, which is invisible to them because you refuse to explicitly share it?  How is it not *more* arrogant to expect that they will respond to these clues in precisely the way you hope they will, considering the fact that your own subjective appraisal of the situation may be wildly off base from actual reality, and yet you give them no chance to defend themselves or clarify the misunderstanding?

Also FYI you seem incredibly intelligent and thoughtful but it took me several passes to even start to be able to pick apart what you said here - anyone who doesn't have dom/aux Ni is likely to be hopelessly lost.  If these are the kinds of breadcrumbs you're dropping, you really can't blame people for not being able to find them.&gt; You are literally being 'passive' by not talking to him about it.

This is such a good point.  So many advice requests would be solved by the asker just communicating directly with the person they're asking about.How about the Roosevelts? :)Ummmm...

I think Jennifer Lawrence is an incredible actress and very likable.

Other than that, I don't know much about most of the ENFJ philosophers etc. listed on CT.Thank you! :)Awwwwww you just made my day.

I felt kind of awkward giving ISTP pink haha!  I tried to choose a not-too-girly shade :PAwwwwww thank you so much for making this!!!  It's so nice to see them all together like this.  Thanks for fixing the hex codes - the website i was copy-pasting them from was being a nightmare lolYeah, I had trouble choosing a good color for gammas.  Maybe shades of purple?&gt; it's about as girly as it gets and I really don't like it

:''''(

&gt; It also really surprises me that so many people in this thread are against the quadra grouping

Tbh I mostly assume everybody is like I was and just hates socionics because it's confusing, often poorly-written, and they don't understand it yet.  It's hard for me to believe that anyone who's spent real time investigating it genuinely finds Meyers-Briggs or Keirsey *that much* more persuasive, to be offended by even the notion of coloring flairs in a way that vaguely relates to socionics.Oh I think you misread my post...socionics (a lot of the theory anyway) is awesome, it's just often presented in a really dense and confusing way.

So I don't mind talking about quadras, clubs, etc.  People should just get over it, I say :PNope, [clubs](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/clubs/) are the middle two letters:

* SF ("Socials")
* ST ("Pragmatists")
* NF ("Humanitarians")
* NT ("Researchers")

There's also [temperaments](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/temperaments/), which are the first and last letters

* ExxP (flexible-maneuvering)
* ExxJ (linear-assertive)
* IxxP (balanced-stable)
* IxxJ (receptive-adaptive)

So each combination of quadra, club, and temperament tells you the type.  For example, a balanced-stable (temperament) alpha (quadra) researcher (club) is INTP.  A flexible-maneuvering beta pragmatist is ESTP, and so on.  Note that each quadra only has members from two clubs (alphas and gammas are socials and researchers; betas and deltas are pragmatists and humanitarians), and there is one member of each temperament in each quadra as well as each club.Possibilities include xNTP and ISTJ.  My best guess is INTP.I think you're likely ENFP. :)&gt; I haven't met an ESTJ over the age of fifteen who was actually abrasive.

I have hahaha.Here's what I think.  I only included characters I'm 90%+ sure about:

* ESFJ: Cora from Downton Abbey, Linda from Bob's Burgers, Brook Soso from OitNB
* ISFJ: Tina from Bob's Burgers, Joy from the eponymous movie, Belle, Lord Grantham from Downton Abbey, Betty Draper, Abraham from Walking Dead, Joel from Parenthood
* ESTJ: Hermione, Adam from Parenthood, Allison from Orphan Black, John Smith from Pocahontas
* ISTJ: Elsa from Frozen, Mr. Carson from Downton Abbey, Peggy Olson, Julia from Parenthood, Rick from Walking Dead
* ESFP: Anna from Frozen, Felix from Orphan Black
* ISFP: Edith from Downton Abbey, Crosby from Parenthood, Mulan
* ESTP: Gaston, Louise from Bob's Burgers, Pete Campbell, Zeke from Parenthood, Sarah from Orphan Black
* ISTP: Katniss, Bob from Bob's Burgers, Daryl from Walking Dead, Nicky from OitNB, Helena from Orphan Black
* ENFJ: Rose from Titanic, Rapunzel, Amber from Parenthood, Vic from Orphan Black, Norma Bates
* INFJ: Pocahontas, Morgan from Walking Dead, Kira from Orphan Black, Norman Bates
* ENFP: Ariel, the Beast, Gene from Bob's Burgers, Sarah from Parenthood
* INFP: Max from Life Is Strange, Drew from Parenthood, Mrs. S from Orphan Black
* ENTJ: Mary from Downton Abbey, Joan from Mad Men, Jasmine from Parenthood, Rachel from Orphan Black
* INTJ: Walter White, Don Draper, Jasmine (Disney), Alex from OitNB
* ENTP: Kristina from Parenthood, Cosima from Orphan Black
* INTP: Hank from Parenthood, Poussey from OitNB, Spencer from Criminal MindsHow the fuck did you come to the conclusion that F correlates with neuroticism?&gt; I literally just wrote a post about how undesirable of a mate I am

And in the process of doing so, projected your insecurities onto others who share your type or functions.  Being cruel to yourself does not absolve you of the moral responsibility to think critically about both the truth value of your statements as well as the impact they may have on others.

&gt; it isn't a stretch to deduce that neuroticism is more of an F-thing than a T-thing

I think it's a stretch.  I have no idea why having a preference for making judgments based on values would make someone more neurotic than having a preference for making judgments based on logic.  Neuroticism is related to anxiety, depression, guilt, etc.  These things can stem from issues with any judging or perceiving function, and of course note that both Ts and Fs have Thinking and Feeling functions - an ESTJ with underdeveloped Fi (has difficulty defining their values or personal identity) would be no more or less likely to develop guilt or confidence issues than an ENFJ with underdeveloped Ti (has difficulty rationally analyzing a situation), for example.  It may manifest differently however (e.g. one type may be more likely to project and another more likely to internalize).

&gt; Everyone gets caught in the grip.

I don't believe in grips.  Our inferior functions are not weaknesses; they have a specific strength and use in our cognitive processes.  Any function, in any position, can be underdeveloped or used in an unhealthy way.

&gt; In retrospective speculation, SFs would be less neurotic than NFs

I am not following your train of thought here.&gt; INFPs are "strong" feelers.

Sure, but a lot of INFPs consider themselves (and come across as) very even-keeled and rational.

And of course there are very emotional INTPs too (particularly ones under stress).&gt; Tina Belcher?

ISFJ :((((I can relate to your description of epiphanies a lot.  I used to get those once in a while, especially concentrated around the end of an era (end of high school, end of college, moving away from a city, etc.)Aww thank you! :)You're without a doubt INxJ.  Hard to be certain which - there's evidence for F, but it's undifferentiated, and no specific evidence for T either way.  Going on vibes and writing style alone I'd say my best guess is INTJ. :)Oh, no!  I didn't even notice it (I answered from my inbox).  Oh I feel good about myself now heh hehThe concept of a "grip" doesn't really make sense to me.  If I remember correctly, the theory is that our dominant function has been overused so we fall into the "grip" of our inferior function and find it difficult to get out.  This doesn't make sense to me because we're all using all of our functions pretty much all of the time.  It's not like I can just stop being Fe and start being Ti for days or months at a time.  I don't think people can "turn off" their dominant function - I think it's the primary lens through which we view the world, and the inferior function is filtered through the dominant function.  I also don't think the inferior function can spontaneously operate on its own - it needs some kind of trigger, whether it's called in to assist the dominant function, or some kind of external event demands its usage.

A lot of the descriptions of e.g. "being in the grip of Ni" seem to me to just be describing how Se-doms feel and behave when they're stressed.  In this way I think those descriptions can be useful.  But I resist the terminology because I think it misrepresents the nature of cognitive functions.heh heh

Don't try to relate with your baby Ni Fluxy!  YOU DON'T KNOW!!!Your Ni is incredibly strong and apparent, stronger than mine. The complexity and frequency of the metaphors you use is a big tipoff for that.  Also you adhere too much to "regular" (rule-based) spelling, punctuation, and complex sentence structure to be ISxP. ISFPs in particular often seem to write like they're typing as they pass by on a floating cloud (ellipses, often lowercase only, emojis, lots of talk about feelings) and ISTPs tend to be straightforward and to the point - if they do ever go on a tangent, it's usually about something physical and concrete.I disagree with the idea that extroverts "get their energy from people".  I think socializing in general takes energy for almost everyone, especially in the way that phrase is usually meant, i.e. going out to events or parties.  ExFPs are probably the ones that fit the extrovert stereotype the most in that regard though.

That said, I usually feel better when I have loved ones close by, whether or not we're interacting directly.  I have to imagine that most introverts feel the same.

I think introversion vs. extroversion is much more apparent in focus and thought patterns.  I find it hard to just lay in one position for a long time and just think, for example, whereas most introverts relish in those kinds of opportunities.  After a few minutes (I've been training myself to be still for longer...) I feel a compulsion to get up and do something, anything, even if it's just to watch TV or go for a walk.

I prefer dating and hanging out with introverts in general because they let me talk a lot.  With a lot of extroverts I get the sense that we're both impatiently waiting for our chance to say something and not really listening to the other person very much.  ExxPs are more comfortable than ExxJs in this regard.What specifically do you find difficult or awkward?Answer this question:

Describe your energy level.  Would you normally classify yourself as high- or low-energy?  How often do you feel jittery or like you need to get up and walk around?  How often do you lay in bed for hours, lost in your thoughts?  Is it hard for you to get up in the morning?  Would people describe you as fidgety?  Slow?  Do people more often get annoyed with you for being erratic, or for being sluggish?Exactly, I relate to this a lot.Hmm, you may be right. Maybe the parties thing is almost entirely up to individual preference.Hmm, you might be right.ENTP seems most likely to me.::pat pat::I'm curious to know what your results are!  The only thing I can say for certain is that you're xxTJ.  Going on my gut and your writing style, I'd say the most likely type for you is ENTJ.IxxP is for sure, but there are a few things that make me question...fear of being seen as silly is somewhat rare among those with unvalued Se (so INxPs), as is liking physical thrills, but it's not unheard of, and your writing style seems more consistent with INxP to me.  It's difficult to tell from what you said here if you lead by Ti or Fi, as both of them could lead to the conclusions you've expressed.

Do you usually find it fairly easy to guess or understand what other people are feeling, or do you often not figure it out until it's very clear (e.g. someone is crying or screaming)?

Think of some conversations, real or imagined, where you feel like people are "missing the point".  What are they doing or saying that makes you feel that way?I object, my baby ISTP is adorable.  There is a reason Lara Croft was my childhood hero.

&gt; it seems that you agree that stress can bring out aspects of the lower-stack

Hmm, I would say that stress can bring out the negative aspects of *any* function in our stack, but it probably affects our ability to "lower stack well" the most.  For example, when I'm stressed, I feel like I can't think, nothing makes sense, I can't make decisions, I get distracted, and those relate to Se and Ti the most.  But long-term stress or major trauma can also affect the implementation of higher functions - e.g. an Fe user who starts trying to manipulate people in a cruel way, or an Ni user who starts clinging to increasingly more bizarre conceptions of reality.

&gt; when we trust someone, and are vulnerable we are more willing to act out of our uncomfortable functions

This is absolutely spot on imo.  Having a safe space to experiment with our lower functions (both valued and unvalued - tertiary, inferior, and also vulnerable and role) helps us grow so much as a person, but we're going to make mistakes and feel vulnerable when we do, so it usually only happens with people we really trust and open ourselves up to.  I think that's why we're often attracted to duals and semi-duals - they are not offended or intimidated by our attempts to use our inferior, but they are also skilled enough at it to be able to (hopefully gently) correct us when we go astray.I think it's likely you're INTJ. :)

ETA I went through your comments and saw that you've typed yourself as ESTP.  The reasons I find that unlikely:

* Awful memory for detail (ESTPs are more likely to report selective memory.)
* Spend most of your time thinking about the future (ESTPs are very present-oriented.)
* Definitely prefer to listen almost always indicates IxxJ
* Not wanting to talk about one's day or current occupations indicates low S
* "100% sober and rational" is unlikely to be ExxP of any type
* quiet and reserved is almost certainly introvert, particularly IxxJ
* "always being in my head" = introvert
* slow to get out of bed is most often IxxP or Ni-dom, though it doesn't rule out other types.
* Having energy inertia indicates xxxJ.
* Taking time (weeks) to understand a position is typical of an introvert and/or a perceiving-dom.
* Planning ahead of time often correlates to Ti or Ni.
* In particular having a 'vision' is associated with Ni.Omg I know I've talked to you a bunch before and probably typed you but I don't remember what I've said.  That always makes me nervous lol.

I see evidence for high Fi, high Se, and IxxP, so I'd say the most likely type is ISFP.Awwwww thank you ::blush blush blush::

It's taken a lot of practice O_O:* !!!I'm pretty sure you're IxTP, likely INTP.You are likely INxP.  Let me ask a few more q's to narrow it down -

How easy is it for you to read other people's emotions?  To express your own?

How important is it to you to know how your friends feel about you?

How willing are you to implement a solution that works if you don't understand how or why it works?

Conversely, how willing are you to participate in social niceties if you don't understand the rationale behind them?You were a really hard one for me!  I think I cycled through every possible type in my mind haha.  The only thing I felt sure about was that you use Ne/Si and you are probably an F.

All things considered I would say ISFJ is the most likely answer.Oh good!  That makes me really happy to hear. :)Oh trust me, I didn't 'jump to' INTJ haha.  I only go for a type when I've ruled out other types.

&gt; How he gets out of bed doesn't seem like a very good indicator of Ni.

Surprisingly, it can be.  Like I said, it's not definitive, but Si-doms are, as a rule, much more likely to be productive than Ni-doms.  There are lazy Si-doms as well but that would be more expressed by doing one thing for a really long time (e.g. playing video games all day) rather than 'not doing anything at all', which is generally what you're doing when you're laying in bed.

Several other things indicated Ni to me, including the aforementioned 'vision', spending most of his time thinking about the future, and in particular having an awful memory for detail. 

&gt; Wouldn't this indicate low F? Most xSTx I know like to talk about current events and politics and don't enjoy hearing about other people's day-to-day.

Even 'current events' counts as 'current', right?  And especially the STJs I know can go on and on about e.g. their sleeping habits or their new hobbies.  I don't know any STPs well in real life but the ones I have talked to will still center around "what I'm up to" or "what's going on at work", things like that.I think you are likely in the beta quadra, but I need some help narrowing it down.

Can you tell me a bit more about your energy levels?  How often do you feel like you're bouncing off the walls?  Would you be happy to just lay in bed or sit on the porch for several hours - would you get restless?  How do you feel if you haven't done anything "productive" all day?  Do you tend to focus on one thing, or multitask?I think you are likely xNFJ.

How do you feel if you haven't done anything "productive" all day?

Do you usually focus on one thing, or multitask?

If someone were to insult you, would they be more likely to call you too controlling or too passive?Honestly I've found that that question has very little correlation between type and WHAT people say.  I use it more for a "how they say it" kind of thing, and sometimes to help differentiate between e.g. ISTP and ISFP.  The things I listed in the key are trends but are definitely not conclusive, and I do take into consideration that people often admire areas they're weaker in.  That said, strong values and conviction can also be associated with Fe and Se, and I would likely interpret it that way in conjunction with the rest of your answers to come to a conclusion.Keep in mind that some of the things often used in describing Fi (e.g. stubborn about personal decisions) can actually be more about Si.  Also, that ISFJ has demonstrative Fi, which means that it is quite easy to access and display even though it's unvalued.

I considered INFP but:

&gt; I always feel restless, it's frustrating since I don't do anything about it. Also I love working, I swear if I could I would definitely work 24/7, it makes me happy to know that I am productive and a valued member of the society. :D

That almost entirely rules out IxxP as a temperament for me.  Not *impossible* but I actually kind of had whiplash about it haha.

That said, INFP is still a reasonable conclusion, but ENTJ and INTP would not be imo.  For reference, my second opinion was leaning toward ISTJ until I talked him into Fe over Te.From these answers I'd say INFP but now I'm insecure because I've seen your flair. :$In that case I'd say ISTP is most likely :)Which description did you read?  There are a ton of descriptions, some much better than others.

Personally I'm a fan of [Gulenko](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/66-ISTj-The-Inspector-profile-by-Gulenko) and [Filatova](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/48-ISTj-description-(Filatova\)).  Note that they work in socionics, where ISTP is labeled ISTj or LSI, so don't be confused by that.

If you don't identify with these either, let me know a few of the things that seem the most off to you and maybe I can give you a second opinion.Okay, I was sweating a bit haha.

I hope I've been helpful in some way!Things that made me think you might be Fe:

* "respect people who are [...] cool, calm, and collected
* [dislike] "people who [...] look constantly stressed out and pissed all of the time"
* "assuming they are not causing harm to anyone else, I probably won't confront them about it." - This could be Fi as well, but dominant Fi is also likely to confront when they think something is inherently very wrong, even if it's not necessarily hurting someone else.

I think from what you've said that INFJ is more likely.  That said, INFP is not impossible.  Since you're young, it can be harder to type you accurately, especially from self-reported answers.  I wish you luck on your journey!Unfortunately I was spoiled a bit by your flair but I find it much more likely that you're an INTJ actually.You are almost certainly IxFJ, leaning toward INFJ. :)I'm fairly sure you're IxFP, leaning slightly toward ISFP. :)I think you're almost certainly IxTJ, leaning toward ISTJ. :)I think the most likely type for you is ISTJ, although there are a few things that make me less certain, specifically concerning your temperament.  But I would still say ISTJ is the most likely answer.

&gt; How do you manage to read it all?

Slowly and with much guilt as motivation lol.  I always think, "Hey I'm bored, I should type some people," and then my inbox is like "THIRTY NEW MESSAGES!!!!" and I'm like "....fuck."Okay, reply to this comment when you've finished so I can check it!&gt; ISTPs are often very structured and regimented

Yes and no.  They're structured intellectually, in that it's important to them that they understand *why* things are a certain way, cause and effect, and they are very interested in what makes sense.  That said, they're IxxPs, so in general they're going to be quite hands off with other people's affairs.  They're not controlling or domineering as a general rule.  Additionally IxxPs tend to be quite lazy (from an ENFJ perspective lol), have trouble getting moving, and so on, which means their lives may not seem very structured or organized to others.  Think of IxxPs as internally structured and externally relaxed.

Some useful ISTP examples would be [Karl Pilkington](https://youtu.be/xxci_qTCM0E), [Katniss](https://youtu.be/PYLwLLQxqU8) from Hunger Games, and [Lara Croft](https://youtu.be/LzchR7LunTo?t=52m10s).  They do have a somewhat "serious" vibe but I don't think anyone would describe them as regimented.

&gt; the paragraphs in the Filatova piece about weak Ne and Fi don't resonate

Yes, I agree these can be weak, not only in her work but in socionics as a whole.

&gt; ISTPs are described as often not taking into account the ideas of their subordinates at work and doesn't have a problem with applying discipline

Honestly I think this would depend a lot on the particular ISTP.  I haven't known many in real life, but the one I have was very congenial and warm, and quite hands-off in terms of other people (again, something I would consider to be an IxxP trait).

I keep going over your answers testing out different options but I'm having trouble fitting you into anything else!  Too much Se to be an INTP, you clearly value Fe, temperament suggests IxxP...

Maybe do you have a video recording of yourself?  That might be able to help.  Or if you have other types you've considered, I could match them against your answers and find areas of commonality and dissonance.

I tend to feel that people will "click" with their type descriptions when they read them, but nothing you've said so far (other than that) has made me doubt my typing...[I'm sorry that I didn't build you a stronger ship, young Rose.](https://youtu.be/4UXd0sF_IPk?t=3m21s)Ahhhhhh no you're one of my mental models for ISTP, what have I done, I'm so embarrassed lol.  And actually I was more confused about your temperament because it indicated ExxP, specifically the part about energy, but that obviously didn't make sense with your other answers.

I think it's more likely that your typing was right, and mine was wrong...maybe seeing demonstrative Si...now I feel like I don't know anything anymore lolyessssHmm, you're a tough one for me.  I think you're likely either INxJ or ISTP.

What do you mean when you say that you usually have very high expectations?

Do you have plans and dreams for the future that it feels important to you to achieve?

How often do you feel like you've unintentionally offended someone?INTP and INFP are possible.  I find INTJ unlikely.There is nothing about Fe that would preclude someone from being introspective or self-absorbed.You are very likely xNTP.

Imagine you're working on a difficult problem that interests you.  You've finally found the solution.  How do you feel?  Satisfied?  Relieved?  Proud?  A little disappointed?

Do you find it hard to sit still for a long time, e.g. in class or in a meeting?

When you find yourself debating people, do you feel like you are generally more motivated by the desire to understand and find the correct answer, or by the act of debating itself - throwing out possibilities and playing devil's advocate?

Do you find it kind of fun to annoy people and push their buttons, trying to get a reaction?  Or do you wish to generally avoid this?I think the most likely type for you would be INTJ. Runner up would be ISTP.&gt; Do you have any examples?

The best (read: most accurate) fictional ENFJs I know are Rose from Titanic and the character Amber from the TV show Parenthood.  Rapunzel from the Disney movie is also one, but obviously quite Disney-fied.  I also agree with Elle Woods being an ENFJ.&gt; She would go well x should have locked the door behind herself and I would have to go it's actually the bad guy's fault for wanting to do bad things. It doesn't compute with her though.

I think it's likely that she's anxious about an uncertain world, and that blaming bad situations on other people's poor choices gives her the (empty) comfort that as long as she's perfect enough, bad things won't happen to her.

It can happen with any type, but we ENFJs in particular tend to have a complex that if we're not perfect/competent enough, people will figure out that we're actually pieces of shit and the house of cards we've worked so hard constructing will crumble to pieces.  Perhaps she needs reassurance that you (and others) will love her even if she's a total fuck-up?  For me, my INTP has helped me with this by openly calling me out or disagreeing with me when I'm wrong, and letting me have my overreactions and crazy emotions, and being patient and loving to me...and eventually I realize that he still loves me even when I'm being wrong AND mean, so in the long run I feel less of a need to try to be nice and perfect all the time (which allows me to more easily admit when I've done something wrong, and actually makes me a better/nicer person in the long run!)OMG I AM SO BADASS AND EDGY how dare you ::sobs::Hahaha it makes sense :)I'm really sorry to hear about your fucked up friend lol.  I can identify a lot with the feelings/behaviors you describe, although fortunately I'm usually able to contain my impulses in those areas - but that's come through years of self-reflection and experience.  My only advice with her would be to force yourself to be continually honest and genuine about your feelings toward her behavior, and (if you value her friendship), to continue to include her in your life and show affection while doing so, even if she is cruel or keeps running away.  Keep giving her new chances to start over and try again; hopefully one day she'll take one.

&gt; I've often called them out on their behaviour in what I thought was a totally non-personal way, only to be met with a blast of anger. Any tips on how to convey that I don't hate them, but that I just think that what they're doing is wrong and that I accept their faults?

Well...the first step would be to avoid being too impersonal.  My boyfriend has discovered a beautiful tactic called "making it worse to make it better".  Be direct and appropriately intense about the issue.  If an ENFJ is being cruel, dismissive, illogical, whatever, tell them that directly.  Don't spare their feelings (in content, although of course staying calm and being neutral/kind rather than cruel or accusatory is advisable).  They'll probably freak out and call you names, or try to retreat.  Let them.  Blaming is also a thing we love to do - if something is bad, it must be someone's fault, someone must be bad too.  So keep reiterating that the thing is bad, but that it's okay, that it can get better.

Listen to them.  Let them express the full range of their emotions.  Don't hide your own emotional reactions, either.  If you feel upset or angry, it's okay (encouraged actually) to cry or otherwise show vulnerability.  This is a really good way to trigger our empathy.  For me at least, as soon as I see someone crying, my anger melts away very quickly.  If you don't feel like you're the kind of person who cries, it's possible you have not gotten your ENFJ angry enough lol.  Even if you can't express your feelings about the situation physically, doing so verbally can be really helpful.  "I feel so hurt by what you did," "xyz really upset and offended me," and so on.

Again, be prepared to have it turned around, to be blamed for the situation or for feeling the way you do.  It's really easy to acquiesce to this and just agree or change the subject or whatever, but if you feel strongly about something, and you've put a lot of thought into it, don't just back down unless you've truly changed your mind.  We'll respect you more than you realize for holding your own.

And don't forget to keep validating the relationship, as much as you can.  "You are really important to me, so it really hurts when you xyz" or "I really value our friendship.  I'm committed to working this out, but we need to fix it." or "You are such a caring and compassionate person, but this thing you did was really cruel."  Remember that we have shit memories and that repetition of these kinds of sentiments builds trust.

...I hope this is enough advice, and that something in there will be useful to you.  It's not easy to disagree with ENFJs, especially when we're emotional, but I think in the long run that's the way to access that deeper level of friendship and emotional connection that I think can be so rewarding.  I hope it is, at least. :)ExxP, followed by IxxP.Just to share my answer, I think free will is an illusion, because our decision-making stems from biology, environment, and (theoretically) a God-given soul, none of which originate from our own choosing.  I'd be willing to accept its existence if I were given a solid logical argument in favor of it, though.&gt; I do hate them though

Omg you're so cute.I really appreciated this article, specifically the debunking of the idea that Fe users just unthinkingly accept the "values of the community".

I think I can also learn something from this in terms of how I interpret and describe Te.It's difficult to type with so little information, but my best guess would be ENTJ.I think you are likely ENFJ.You're almost certainly INFJ :)My judgment was likely ENTJ but seeing that you've self-typed as ENFP, I'd say that makes more sense actually.  It's almost impossible for me to ignore your flair, but I will say that everything you said is very consistent with INTP.You're definitely NFJ, but to be honest I'm having difficulty pinpointing which one.  There are "subtypes", where people of a particular type are more in tune with one function at any particular point in order to fit well into their social group and their stage of life, so I would say you're almost certainly currently either an Ni-subtype ENFJ or an Fe-subtype INFJ.  You'll have to decide, based on a general retrospective of your life (not only how you're feeling now/lately) whether your ideas and visions are more important to you (INFJ) or whether it's your interactions and relationships with other people (ENFJ).  Additionally, it may help to consider whether you feel more threatened/offended by feeling like a fuckup or feeling judged re: daily tasks, cleaning, your memory, being thought of as inconsistent or undependable (ENFJ), or whether you feel more threatened/offended by people insisting on sticking to objective sources of information (e.g. textbooks) rather than thinking things through for themselves, and people who are stubborn about their own opinion on 'factual' issues that they don't seem to have thought through very deeply (INFJ).&gt; I guess the former, because I can't picture the latter, because everyone makes fun of my ideas.

Omg you're so cute.

I think you're likely xSTP, leaning toward ISTP, but tbh you were a little hard for me.Hmmm...I can't be 100% sure but I'm leaning toward ESFP.  Do you identify with the attitude, demeanor, &amp; mannerisms (not necessarily values/interests/opinions) of [Jessie J](https://youtu.be/do-wz5M_hSU), [Katy Perry](https://youtu.be/UOtJUmiUZ08?t=47s), [P!nk](https://youtu.be/sim-5DNBcu0), and/or [Nicki Minaj](https://youtu.be/PzGZamtlRP0)?Hahaha.  Well he's not the one who wrote the article though...if you can't get past his voice, maybe you can find the work of the original author?Well...if ENFP is right, it's likely because I saw you were extroverted, intutitive, and Te/Fi. :P

Lots of commonalities between those things, e.g. intuitives tend to report poorer memory, ExxJ often complains about whininess (sp?) although I can see ExxP doing it too, your answer to #10 is a good Fi argument, I see evidence for Te...

Tbh I tend to find it easier to type ENFPs when they're young, as I haven't had much experience with older/more mature ENFPs.  You show more Te than I'm used to seeing, and just generally seem a bit..."tamer".  Your answer to #11 is consistent with a perceiving dom though; I think that would be somewhat of a strange answer for an ENTJ.hehhhh I'm sorry I'm tryyyyying

Fi is so hard.  Y'all want me to be genuine, but everything I genuinely do is offensive ㅠ_ㅠOh good!  If it matches what you thought, it's almost certainly right.  Next most likely types would be ESFJ or ENTJ but I find them unlikely for various reasons.My best guess is...INFJ?Yayyyyyyy I'm the best :DWell...INFJ bridges the gap between ISTP and ISFJ, so...yay?  Lol.

&gt; My memory is very bad at remembering tasks I need to do, but for the other two it’s pretty good I guess? I like to think my memory is better than it actually is though, often people disagree with me when I talk about what happened in the past and I just get confused.

This indicates weak Si, which rules out ISFJ and makes ISTP much less likely.

&gt; I can’t really come up with any examples that have happened, but I do have the feeling that this happens fairly often, I’m not sure

Seems like Ni to me.

I feel like INFJ or ISTP are most likely, leaning toward INFJThat person's analysis of the video does not, in my estimation, accurately represent the content of the video.[Here you go!](http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2015/10/commentary-on-myers-definition-of-fe/).  The original article.&gt; It feels like someone trying to so hard to appear logical without having the capacity for whatever style they're trying to portray.

I felt like the arguments were pretty valid and straightforward...it may help to actually read the thing you're critiquing :/No, I did not.  I noticed that and thought about pre-emptively excusing myself actually lol&gt; When I answer a question or when I'm thinking, I do that thing where I look off into the distance.

That's Ni :)  I feel pretty confident that you're an Se/Ni user but the rest is kind of a mystery to me.

You seem to have some insecurities about your intelligence (or at least, how other people perceive it), which would lead me to believe that T is your tertiary or inferior function.

Taking those two things into consideration, the options are xSFP or xNFJ.  You've ruled out ESFP, and this -

&gt; I definitely don't talk with that much attitude/emphasis

makes me want to rule out ENFJ as well.

Your answers to #4 are very present-oriented (even though you describe thinking about the past, you're doing so in an attempt to 'figure things out', which suggests Ni to me).  It makes me feel like you're more likely to be high Se.  I wonder if you might not also be xSTP, and the thing you describe about not wanting to feel stupid makes me wonder possibly about ESTP, if the concern is more about "how people perceive me" than any real insecurity about intelligence itself perhaps?  It's also possible that's just a personal quirk, developed from past experiences or present circumstances somehow.  However, I'm having a hard time imagining ISTP from your answers.

Like I said, you're tough!

If I'm right and you're high Se, the "demeanor test" may actually be a useful way to go.  I really appreciate you watching those videos, btw.  It's given me something useful to go on.

Let me give you a couple examples for each remaining possible type (ISFP, ESTP, INFJ) and see if any of them strike a chord with you - and if not, let me know why not, and I'll re-evaluate.  I find you to be an interesting challenge, so I'd really like to find your type!

(I'm choosing young female celebrities to match you demographically and also give a fair comparison between the types.)

**ISFP**

* [Lady Gaga](https://youtu.be/SBk22UhcJIo?t=1m5s)
* [Janelle Monae](https://youtu.be/HyF6_zGQpCI?t=1m6s)
* [Paris Hilton](https://youtu.be/cx6kV8CfeLs?t=24s) (she's actually kind of brilliant, so don't be fooled by the persona she's known for on TV etc.)

**ESTP**

* [Miley Cyrus](https://youtu.be/xTPVy32zg60?t=2m20s)
* [Taylor Swift](https://youtu.be/XnbCSboujF4) (people will disagree with my typing here but they're wrong, she's very clearly ESTP to me)
* [Mila Kunis](https://youtu.be/z4Ezruu1oeQ)

**INFJ**

* [Joanna Newsom](https://youtu.be/cCAW2KbAzzM)
* [Carey Mulligan](https://youtu.be/JfaKmJl3FtU?t=3m13s)
* [Rooney Mara](https://youtu.be/SQ1QX3A5Ruc?t=1m10s)

Of course, "none of the above" is also a viable answer, and I can try again!  Sorry I'm struggling a bit!&gt; I don't make myself read things that annoy me, as there are so many other things to read that don't!

That is a good habit to get into, I think.  I still struggle with it but I definitely rage quit books on occasion. :P[*just let me touch it*](http://i.imgur.com/DjVRePm.gif)That's...not how it works. :/  ExFPs don't use Ti in any noticeable way.  Also I fail to see how ADHD medication can change one's dominant function.How are your energy levels?  By which I mean, do you more often find yourself struggling to get up and get moving, or do you more often find yourself struggling to sit still for an extended period?I think ENFP seems more likely.Two things, based on different schools of thought:

* I'm not particularly selfless or giving.  If someone inspires real love or affection in me, I do give freely and openly, but as soon as it becomes expected that desire shuts down really quickly.
* I don't consider myself manipulative at all.  It's just that it's unusually easy for me to convince people of things, especially certain people.  I would prefer everyone look at my arguments objectively, consider them against their own thoughts and preferences, and then make the right decision for them.  But with some people, they seem to go along with everything I suggest, which actually I don't like very much at all.  It can be useful, but it's not very conducive to building an actual relationship.  And I resent having to handicap myself or censor my true thoughts because some people are too malleable, you know?  Conversely, I hate when people just disagree with/resist everything, because they're afraid of being manipulated or taken advantage of...because then I have to handicap myself by *not* arguing the opposite of what I want lol.Oh I find ISTJ really hard to accept actually...

&gt; With some groups of close friends, I'm the instigator. The flirty, goofy idiot who knows no bounds. In some one on one cases, I'm the sensitive listener who is emotionally grounded and offers comfort to those emotionally distressed.

??? ISTJ as a flirty goofy idiot?  As a sensitive listener??  Sensitive???? lol

Maybe you are different/special. :)  I still maintain that I see a lot of Se though. :/&gt; which alcohol to purchase for max purchasing efficiency

Soju obvs :3  Only time I've blacked out, and it's cheaper than water.&gt; I constantly feel like doing what I want to do at that moment and focused on the present

I believe you that this is true, but that still doesn't make you a different personality type.  It just makes you a [whatever] with ADHD.  Of course medicine may change how you *use* your functions, but I really don't believe it changes your function stack.&gt; Devil's advocate

::burning inner rage::

:DThanks for being a good sport :)I was talking about ExxP types and their functionality in society with my boyfriend yesterday, actually.

So he was explaining his theory about the psychological 'layers of cognition' that we work with.  I'm probably going to mess this up a bit, but I'll try to describe what I got out of it.  It's important to note that these are not layers of value, but rather of abstraction.  So the base layer is the most concrete - hunger, sex drive, etc.  One level above that is emotional attachment to these basic needs - anger, jealousy, parental love, and so on.  At some point above that we start getting into meta-cognition about these topics - responsibility, sacrifice, fairness, and so on.  And then universal concepts - justice, education, politics.

Because of the way our society is structured, we tend to devalue deeper traits like self-protection and affection, for example, and prize more abstract concepts like fairness and responsibility.  The issue is that, since these abstractions are based on our understanding of and connection to the deeper traits, a disconnect from our fundamental humanity can lead to misconceptions and poor choices in the higher-level ideals.

Consider, for instance, a parent who teaches their child to ignore the "survival instinct" of self-protection and instead focuses on instilling the "higher value" of sacrifice.  "If someone wants your toy, you share it.  It doesn't matter what YOU want, you have to put other people first."  What happens, then, when this child grows into an adult and unwittingly enters into an abusive relationship?  They play that same tape in their head, but this time it emerges with a much more sinister meaning.  It's easy to twist concepts like sacrifice, fairness, freedom, responsibility, etc. to justify an unjustifiable situation if the basic human needs, desires, and instincts are ignored or suppressed.

So the thought that came up during the course of the discussion is that, since ExxPs lead with an extroverted perceiving function, they are more attuned than other types to their human instincts and the "collective unconscious" - the set of truths and beliefs that are fundamental to the human species.  Particularly ExFPs are going to be conscious of and tuned into the actual, stark reality of the effect that various environments or actions has on themselves as an individual, and are more likely to react according to their genuine and authentic perception of a given situation rather than basing their decisions or interpretations on more abstract conceptions that may or may not be relevant to the situation at hand.  In short, ExxPs are better than any other type at isolating the *fundamental nature* and subjective experience of a given event, and responding to it in a way that harmonizes with their individual needs and concerns.  In even shorter, ExxPs do or say what THEY want and not what society tells them to do.

Unfortunately, the effect this has on bystanders is often one of outrage or derision, because the ExxP is perceived as not adhering to "correct standards of behavior", as determined by the culturally-valued abstract layers of cognition.  Basically, ExxPs often seem to "pull back the curtain" on cultural assumptions and expectations, and this leaves many other types feeling uncomfortably exposed and aware of their own uncertainty and (I would argue) mortality.  The illusion of society, permanence, true and false, and right and wrong crumbles - the illusion that they base most of their own decisions on - and they're forced, for a moment, to look at the world not for how they *expect* it to be (Ni, Si), but rather for what it *is* (Se) or *could be* (Ne).

Your value as a human in society is not limited to your occupation.  I could get into the topic of technological unemployment and argue that in 50-100 years, no one will value themselves by their occupation, and that's going to require a fundamental shift in those cultural layers of cognition about "self-worth" and "duty" and so on.  But in the meantime, try to readjust your mindset down a layer or two, and perceive your own existence as valuable and worth protecting in and of itself, regardless of its assumed worth in our capitalistic society.  Search yourself for things that make *you* feel alive, that bring you joy and entertainment and a will to live.  When you identify the things that make you feel excited about being alive, try to find more ways to incorporate those things into your life.

What our society needs is not more labor-selling automatons.  What it needs is people who are happy and invested in their lives.  As long as we still live in a capitalist society, it is true that you need to make money to survive.  You are perfectly capable of leveraging your skills to make enough money to get by.  But don't mistake that system - one which fulfills the basic survival needs of food, shelter, etc. - for one that is able to provide personal fulfillment or value as a human being.  Those things develop from inside you, from listening to your own heart and conscience and working toward things that are *genuinely* meaningful to you.

And remember this - you have an advantage in that area, because you are closer to knowing your own heart than nearly any other type.  Remember also that you have the ability to temporarily "shatter the illusion" for other people - to give them a chance to look behind the curtain and see what's really there as well.  To me, that has a much greater value to society than almost any other skill, because it's the one thing that is necessary to bring people closer to genuine fulfillment and happiness.I think what is really useful about Fi is the ability for a person to really analyze their own genuine values and desires - more than any other type, IxFPs seem to have a clear vision of themselves, what they believe in, and what is important to them.  This is a really special gift.

However, the true beauty - or danger - is in how this is applied to other people.

At its most unhealthy/immature, Fi seeks to *impose* its understanding of personal values onto others.  This can lead to:

* **short-sightedness:** "I don't like rap music?  No, YOU don't like rap music!  Nobody likes rap music, because it's objectively terrible!  Anyone who claims to like it is a liar, a fake, a fraud, an idiot!"  I'm being a little facetious, but you can take it to a real issue and see what it looks like -
* **intolerance:** "It is very clear to be that racism is evil.  Therefore, anyone who says anything that I consider to be racist is also evil and deserves to be punished.  They are human filth and don't deserve to live or be happy ever again!"
* **selfishness:** "I don't like Mary.  I think she's a terrible person.  Therefore I'm going to be really rude and snotty to her, to show her how much I dislike her.  I don't care that it's a funeral for her dead husband!  I don't care that I'm embarrassing my family with my rude behavior!  I have to be ~myself~."

That said, Fi also has the ability to not only overcome, but to totally *overturn* such weaknesses, and change them into strengths.  Instead of using one's Fi to determine *how others should be*, one can instead use others' behaviors and beliefs to help them further develop their own Fi into an even deeper and more nuanced understanding of the world.  Instead of seeking to *teach*, Fi should seek to *learn* from the world.  In time, this leads to:

* **insight:** "I like the music I like because of the memories I associate with it, and the way the lyrics connect with me on a deep level and make me feel understood and valued as a person.  James likes rap music - huh, that's interesting.  I wonder why he likes it?  Maybe the lyrics speak to him too, the way my music speaks to me.  What have his experiences in life been, and how do these lyrics reflect and support his life view?  There is so much to learn here."
* **tolerance:** "Racism is evil because it dehumanizes and oppresses people for superficial reasons.  Why are people racist towards others?  Surely it is a function of some belief they have.  I must discover what this belief is.  Is there any validity to it?  Is it based on something in the real world - perhaps a personal experience I don't have, or a different interpretation of reality?  Maybe by understanding the mindset of people who do things I consider racist, I can either learn more about myself, or find a way to communicate my values to them in a way that will make them consider having a change of heart."
* **selflessness:** "Mary is incredibly rude to people.  I wonder why she's like that?  Oh wow, her husband just died.  When my dog died, I felt so inconsolable and empty inside.  And that was just my dog.  I can't imagine what it would feel like to lose a husband.  I do remember that she seemed to always look at him so lovingly.  She must be in serious pain.  I know that sometimes when I'm hurting, it's hard for me to be nice to people.  I feel really bad for her.  I don't want to make her feel worse than she already does, so I'll try to be nice to her, even though she hurt me."

I think the fundamental rule you can follow to develop and train your Fi is to always first *seek to understand* before you seek to be understood.You know, it's okay to be nervous.  There's nothing shameful or dangerous about being afraid.

A quote I heard the other day that I liked was, "Anxiety is excitement without the breath."  Often when we're feeling self-conscious or anxious, it's because some part of us is resisting going "all in" on the situation we're dealing with.  We try to hold ourselves back from being too invested in it, for fear of being disappointed.  But when you commit yourself to a course of action, with genuine openness toward whatever outcome may arise, you'll find that it lends a sense of freedom and empowerment.  It's okay to deeply, openly want something - and it's also okay to feel disappointed and hurt when you don't get it.  But we're on this planet to *live our lives*, and if you always hold back for fear of being disappointed, you'll never get to feel that soaring fulfillment of actually getting what you wanted either.

To answer your question - as an ENFJ, my biggest struggle in life has tended to be not feeling like I'm good enough or worthy of being loved.  I've always judged myself so harshly and assumed that other people wouldn't like me if they knew the real me, inside.

But I've found that forcing myself to be open and honest with people about my feelings and thoughts has gone a long way toward alleviating that fear - because some people genuinely, deeply love me, and that helps me to love myself.  And some people just honestly don't like me, and you know what?  It's not as bad as I thought it was going to be, especially since I have the group of people that do like me to seek comfort in.Oh!  You're very welcome :)You're quite welcome :) :) &lt;3&lt;3awwww well you're one of my favorite posters so you must be doing something right :) :)Ugh...unfortunately I'm still having a hard time telling.  Based on what you've said here, I would lean toward INFP perhaps, but that is far from definitive.  I'm sorry I couldn't be more helpful. :/I agree that that can be another effect of immature Fi, but I don't agree that it's the only one.  Fi can DEFINITELY be impositional.  C.f. Tumblr.It's not possible.  Either you don't have a complete understanding of the functions, you're mistyped, or both.Seriously, imagine me with strong Si.  I'd be unstoppable.  ::shiny stars in eyes::Aww thank you, that means a lot to me \^______^

&gt; What exactly are the cons of being an ENFJ

Good question!

- inability to "turn off" Fe - I constantly have to be aware of how other people are feeling, what they want, what they expect...when it contradicts what *I* want, it takes extreme effort and comes with a lot of guilt to force my way through it.
- no Si.  Basically incapable of taking care of myself like a human adult.  Dirty dishes everywhere, clothes left in the laundry, shit health, addictive personality.
- Si also affects memory and a sense of 'reality'.  Derealization, contradicting myself, lacking a sense of continuity, forgetting important moments in my life, forgetting the faces and voices of loved ones who have died, not being aware of how the world affects me, constant physical discomfort that I have trouble identifying or fixing, not remembering why I think or feel the things I do and where those lessons/ideas came from
- shit role Te. I have no idea how anything works.  I fix cars and do taxes by charming other people to do it.  This does not work so well when you're alone in the desert, or when you've alienated everyone you love by being a raging bitch
- being an ExxJ makes you kind of a raging bitch.  It's a constant struggle not to try to control everything, it feels almost life-ending to admit that I'm wrong, and I feel like I lose all value as a human being whenever I make a mistake
- never feeling like you've accomplished enough, feeling guilty for resting, being overwhelmed with ennui and boredom when you're not in a constant state of flux, but being overwhelmed and stressed when you areOh I love these!

* [This song](https://youtu.be/peByeoQhjMM) sums up a lot of my mindset lately.  Falling in love and having that increase my sense of self love, having to rely on someone and having to be brave.  Sofia Reyes herself strikes me as an ESTP though.
* [Charlotte Martin](https://youtu.be/jTQI0zoYE5w) is great.  Her songs are always on the Ni side of Fe.
* I'm pretty sure Natalie Maines, the lead singer of the Dixie Chicks, is ENFJ.  I identify a lot with [Wide Open Spaces](https://youtu.be/dom7VlltBUc) and [Not Ready to Make Nice](https://youtu.be/pojL_35QlSI).
* And of course, [Rachel Platten](https://youtu.be/bwB9EMpW8eY) is a staple for bubblegum Fe.

Don't know why they're all blonde women. O_O  Not intentional.  Unfortunately the only ENFJ dude musicians I know are Bono and Zack de la Rocha from Rage Against the Machine...I don't really connect with either of them lol. ENFJ could be The Enchanter or The HypnotistI agree with your typings of Alice, Anna, Hermione, Leslie, and Mufasa.

A few I disagree with - I think Max is INFP, Tina is ISFJ, and Dumbledore is...something else but definitely not INFJ (too silly). My INFJ dad has married two ESFJ women.

He's been pretty miserable.  But I think he likes it that way somehow.

(To be fair, both of the women also likely had some sort of personality disorder.)ISFPs are wonderful to talk to, there's a very comfortable rapport, but it would take a special one for me to trust them for any meaningful task (or even to be there for me, as a friend, when I needed them).  To be fair I don't trust pretty much anyone tho.Nawww, not SFJs, not once you develop your Fe a little, you'll love them.Who hates me?  That's a tough question.

I haven't known any INTJs in real life but I seem to get under their skin a lot online.

ESFPs tend to seem particularly indifferent to me.

I get along with ENTJs really well but they have no emotional expression so I have no idea what they think of me.

Um...I feel like I have a very hit-or-miss relationship with NPs.  We either get along amazingly or things are very awkward and uncomfortable, sometimes with the same person at different times.why don't you just try being a person and see how that goesHmmm...

I've gotten used to just crying in front of people when I'm in the middle of an upsetting conversation for example.  People are used to it with me and we just continue on.

As far as internally dealing with the emotion...I just let myself feel it.  It's okay to be sad.  It's not dangerous or urgent.  If it doesn't go away after a few days I start doing some more serious work on it, but otherwise, I just let it be.Hmmm.  Well keep in mind I've only played the first two or three chapters of the game.  But she has a really strong disconnect from the present time and place - I mean yes it's the point of the game heh, but also, she's always wondering about the future or reminiscing on the past.  She doesn't seem particularly aware of what's going on with the people around her, and even playing the game is kind of disorienting for me sometimes because she's so "in her head" that I find it hard to grasp what's going on around her.  For example, [when the two roommates were fighting](https://youtu.be/IxiXJIE3sTU?t=8m9s) because someone sent someone a sext...there were no dialogue options that were just clearly like, "Wait, so what happened exactly?" or "You can't lock people in a room wtf" haha.  It turns into "I want to make sure you know I'm here for you and by the way here are my feelings about the course of our relationship."  I feel like all her conversations are encoded in some kind of language I don't speak.  I really like that aspect of the game, actually - it forces me to get into a different headspace and see the world in a different way than I normally do.

Additionally she spends a lot of time daydreaming about hypothetical outcomes of situations ("You mean hang with the Vortex Club?  That sounds like a set up to a horrible prank.") or reminiscing on the connection with the past ("It's so cool having Chloe back in my life again, like no time has passed.") rather than focusing on what's actually happening now.

This is my attempt at objective proof that she has vulnerable Se.  But to be honest, the main reason I feel sure she's INFP is just vibes.  INFPs and ISFPs feel very different to me.  INFPs are more "solid" and have kind of an intransigent, stubborn vibe, and they seem to feel confident in their identity and spend time analyzing and interpreting events and people in the outside world.  ISFPs, on the other hand, have kind of an ethereal vibe, where you feel like you can't pin them down on exactly who they are, and they seem like they are aware of what's going on in the outside world and try mostly to analyze and interpret *themselves* and their place in life.  I'd say INFPs have a nondescript shell with a solid core of identity, and ISFPs have kind of an aesthetic and social identity but are filled with clouds.

I hope I'm not explaining this in a way that upsets anyone; I'm just trying to put words to my Ni "vibes" about each type.  The point is that for me Max fits into my INFP mental collection much better than ISFP.Further proof: look at [how ugly](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/life-is-strange/images/5/55/MaxRoomFrontSide.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150403023603) her room is and how poorly it's arranged.

Look at that sad little rug lol.Oh!  This is really fun, because after years and years of searching, I FINALLY discovered an ethical system that fits me - [Ethics of Care](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethics_of_care) (although I hate the name, I'd prefer something like "relational ethics")Naw I'd say that kind of dreamy is more likely to be ISFP imo.  It's light and airy and ambient.  Much more aesthetic.I would assume that tert Si more than almost any other type would associate physical attractiveness with subjective associations e.g. how you feel about a person informing how you see them.

That said even my own impression of a person's attractiveness is largely dependent on how I feel about them affectively.  For example [Zooey Deschanel (left) and Katy Perry (right)](http://s3.amazonaws.com/kidzworld_photo/images/20101126/b8b369ec-5550-412a-bb13-faf46d2999ad/k3.jpg) are almost identical in a lot of ways, but I like Zooey as a person a lot, and dislike a lot of things about Katy.  So I find myself physically drawn/attracted toward Zooey more even in [comparison pics where Katy (left) has much better styling](http://static.buzznet.com/uploads/2011/01/orig-13081031.jpg).

Also my college ex is by most standards a very attractive guy, and I certainly thought so at the time, but I feel kind of grossed out by pictures of him now, even though a lot of the animosity has faded.

I don't think you can create attractiveness out of thin air, like I don't think people will be drooling over [Quasimodo](http://cdn.bloody-disgusting.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/hunchback1.jpg) just because he's a great guy, and I also do think [Jeffrey Dahmer](http://instinctmagazine.com/sites/instinctmagazine.com/files/images/blog_posts/Nigel%20Campbell/2015/04/28/jeffrey%20dahmer-2.jpg) is kind of hot because something's wrong with me.  But anyway there's definitely some kind of correlation there...Omg you're cute!I think it would be interesting to analyze what, specifically, each type finds funny.

For example my ISFJ ex and I both LOVE LOVE LOVE Portlandia and Documentary Now, but we laugh at completely different jokes.  It's really funny actually because it's like we take turns laughing at that show.  Sometimes something in there is funny to him that I wouldn't have even realized was a joke.

Watching this clip, I find it really funny!  A list of how I feel about the various "jokes" in the first two and a half minutes.  Let me know if I missed any please!

Laugh out loud:

* awkward laughing and then wiping his mouth randomly
* "But there are now...90 planets!" ::shit-eating grin::

Really funny:

* the guy's awkward smile after he says "what a concept"
* the fact that the "undiscovered worlds" graphic shows absolutely nothing
* the stumbling/mumbling way the guy talks (reminds me of "Neature Walks")
* really really really really....fun (I like how it was kind of a non-sequiter, unrelated to what he was saying before)
* also the "really really" graphics
* "you'd end up with a very long tube" - I think I like it when sentences end in an unexpected way
* 2 x universe = tube and that whole silly explanation

Medium funny:

* It took me way too long to realize that "the human hand" had no releation to the things he was listing, and by the time I finally figured it out, they immediately said the leaf thing, which played off the same joke
* "It's not a bowl"
* "You wouldn't wanna put it into a tube"
* "The hundreds of stars that there are in the universe"

Not particularly funny to me:

* the people's silly names (Dr. H. Donna Gust)
* The echoing effect on his voice when he says "The universe is beautiful"
* His face overlaid dramatically over pictures of space
* "Picture a hot dog bun"
* the guy describing his physical reaction to the universe (goosepimples, head goes "bwaahhh" etc.) - this veers into cringey toward the end

Cringey to me:

* The part about how the universe is like a woman - dark, massive, black hole (this is just really embarrassing for me, and it kept going on and on, ahhhhh)
* The spaceshuttle to black hole/penis to vagina sight gag
* the thing about putting the universe into the bag and he can't finish his sentence...that just makes me feel embarrassed and sad for him, bless his heart he's trying so hard :(They're either hypersensitive and over-reactive to it, or ignore it and are dismissive.

It's related to the vulnerable function, which for ExTPs is Fi.  We feel sensitive about our 'defects' in this area.&gt; Anyone can mock my Se as much as they'd like though.

Really?  So if I - or rather, someone whose opinion you respected - said like "You say you have all these ideas but you're incapable of actually doing anything.  You're never going to amount to anything in your life.  You're never going to do anything meaningful or important, so stop pretending like you will."  That wouldn't bother you?People value their third and fourth functions very much, especially as they mature.  They often repress them when they're younger, though.How can you know that, though?Because you have role Fi.  The way we react to our role being criticized is very different from how we react to our vulnerable function being criticized.  The salient comparison would be insulting you for being weak-willed, a pushover, oblivious, or incapable of achieving anything meaningful in your life (vulnerable Se).ISFJ is likely to find criticisms of their Fi eye-roll-inducing.  Fi is their easiest non-valued function to use, so not only do they know they're good at it, but they also don't care about it much.

Remember that our aux function is much more "means" than "end".  IxFJs are good at Fe because it helps them Ni/Si better.  I would say we're probably least sensitive to criticisms of our aux function, followed by our demonstrative (sixth) function.  Or maybe the other way around.But how do you know that event/reason wasn't particularly salient because of your type?Well apparently I have no soul, no actual thoughts of my own, and no function other than "keeping the gears of society moving" so I don't know why you'd even bother to entertain my opinions at all.

You detest Fe because you repress it severely.  You have really bad issues and are a really hurtful and cruel person.  It's really sad too because you don't even have any clue what you're missing, and talking to you is like shouting into a void...you have zero desire to break out of your self-imposed emotional isolation.

I hope there's a part of you that still misses and seeks that connection.  You'll have to find enough humility to admit that you're not any more special or important than the rest of us, though.  I think you seem like a really intelligent and interesting person, but that's not enough on its own; there has to be compassion and empathy somewhere in there too.You're conflating *acting* Fe with *using* Fe.

IxTPs have a very different kind of Fe than Fe-doms do.  I don't expect you or anyone else to approach the world the way I do.

&gt; *yawn*

&gt; I hope as an Fe person, you can actually try to see my viewpoint.

**You already have values.**  You have really strong values, actually.  You see that, right?  You have a desire to connect with people over ideas, to share your beliefs and to have people take you seriously, to listen to you and engage with you.  You wouldn't bother to comment, so in-depth and so prolifically, if that weren't the case.

But you cannot genuinely connect with people if you refuse to be vulnerable and open.  You are putting up walls around yourself based on lies.  Lies like "I don't care about connecting with people" and "Nothing really means anything anyway" and "I don't judge good from bad".  You are deluding yourself into believing that you lack any emotional depth or need for genuine social connection because you tried to be fake-nice to people and you still felt alone and misunderstood.

&gt; I'll also have you know that people regard me as very nice and well-meaning

I do believe you, actually.  I don't think I've ever known an INTP that came across as mean irl.  But there's a difference between "acting nice because it hurts when people don't like me" and "being genuinely nice because I like myself and I like other people."

Developing inferior Fe can be a painful and lonely process, I know.  If there's anyone who genuinely empathizes with that pain you've gone through, it's me.  Look at r/intp - you are not alone in that suffering.  But here's the thing.  What you're describing now - feeling happy and relaxed because you're repressing your Fe so successfully - is essentially equivalent to an alcoholic justifying their alcoholism because they tried to quit once and got really sick and felt like death.

Explain to me the INTPs I know who are surrounded by loving friends and family?  Who feel connected and cared for?  Who have genuine values and emotions?  Explain to me why an INTP would thank me for making them cry, or for me yelling at them.  Why an INTP student would go out of her way to give me (and only me) a gift when she graduated at the end of the year despite us having had several hour-long arguments after school?  Why she would come to my room during lunch to sit with me every day, why she would tell me about her secrets and her crushes, why she teared up on the last day of classes?  Why my now-boyfriend denied it when I adamantly told him he needed someone to love and that he didn't realize what he was missing, and yet here we are, six months later, getting married, with him telling me he's the happiest he's ever been in his life, that I was right all along, that I really understand him, that I make him feel connected?

Is it true that you think these people are all self-deluded?  They're lying to themselves or to me - why?

Let me ask you to consider a different possibility - that you, Mr. Ti, have come to a shit conclusion based on false premises - that because trying to develop Fe was *painful*, that inherently means that it's *impossible*.  That something being hard means it's not worthwhile.  That "pretending" to care about things is the same thing as actually finding and nurturing real passions, and that you can draw conclusions about Fe because of your sad-sack halfhearted attempt to kind of sort of pretend like you maybe had it a little bit.

Here's a thought - maybe there IS something inside of you that is beautiful and tender, waiting to break through.  Maybe there's a glowing light of genuine desire for human connection, to be loved, to be understood.  And maybe you're fucking trampling all over it with your Ti combat boots, refusing to let it breathe because you've been hurt before, and it sucked.  Well here's the truth about life, and it's one you've already figured out - it sucks and then you die.  But the cool thing is that there are ways to not only make it suck less, but to create deep and abiding happiness.  Not just neutrality, not just "doing okay", not just comfortable, not just peaceful, but a warmth and joy the depth of which is comparable to the anguish and pain you've felt before.

Please don't dismiss me by calling me ignorant, empty, or soulless.  If you're not strong enough to do the self-work to find that kind of happiness, then admit it.  Admit that you've been hurt too badly and you're too scared or frustrated or hopeless to try again.  But don't you dare tell me that I don't see you for exactly what you are, or that I don't care about you being yourself.  The reason I'm fighting so hard to convince you is because *that is the only thing I care about here*.It makes perfect sense. :)  I also just think it's a very very ENTP way to think/feel.

&gt; objective and consequential in nature

This is the definition of Fe. :)Nope nope, that's the literal definition of Fe - objective values, and broad and contextual rather than deep and internally consistent.

Of course Fe by necessity pairs with Ti so we're always using both of them.:3 Awww I'm sorry haha.

I actually had a hard time with Te and Se for a while, and of course they do interact, but you can basically think of it as:

* Te makes *judgments*.  Is this correct or incorrect?  Is this effective or ineffective?  Is this useful or not?  What are the options, and which one should I choose?
* Se is responsible for *perception*.  What is going on right now?  What effect can I have on the world?  How are things (or people) interacting in the moment?  Is now the right time to implement my plan, or would a different combination of circumstances be more conducive to success?

Se tells you what's going on and what you can do about it.  Te (or Ti or Fe or Fi) tells you *why* that's happening and what you *should* do about it.

Another way to say it is that judging functions tell you "I want this thing to happen, and the best way to implement that is to do A when B and C are happening."  And Se tells you whether B and C are happening or not, and whether it is possible for you to do A right now.

So with INxJs what often happens is they have made decisions about what they want and what's good and what would work, but if they lack confidence in their Se, it never "seems like the right time", and they never feel confident that they're capable of implementing their vision.  Since this is due to a weakness in extroverted perceiving, it can seem to other types that they "deflect the blame" for their failures, attributing the cause to external factors, rather than the limiting failure being their own unwillingness to act.  To the INxJ, they feel constrained by these external factors, which they feel powerless to change, and staying in their comfort zone means waiting until the external factors are "just right".

Of course, if one stretches and exercises their Se (just acting and seeing if it matches one's expectations, and then adjusting future strategies and expectations based on that info) they'll get much better at it!Well, it sounds just like how you describe.  What you're describing is how you use Ne to perceive all the different hypothetical possibilities, but Ti is telling you what the logical conclusions of those possibilities would be, and Fe is telling you which conclusions are better than others.

ESTPs work the same way, except instead of imagining all the *possibilities* or *hypotheticals* (Ne), they are extremely aware of all the factors that are in play *right now*, and what they are capable of achieving through action, and they use Ti/Fe to choose which course of action to take.No but see, there's your mistake.  Assuming that anything in the real world is important is the mark of a classic empty vapid extrovert.  People with actual individual beliefs know that fiddling with stuff in your mind is what *really* matters.&gt; the 4th is fully repressed

This is just not true.  If I fully repressed Ti I would be incapable of functioning in the world.  I would be sticking forks in toasters because derrrr I can't think about the connection between things and other things me hungry me want toast (and even that conclusion requires some kind of T function to reach).No, you sound like you have a pretty good handle on it.

The only thing I would say is that even though repression is a *natural* thing to do, it's not the only option - you have the ability to accept, come to terms with, and incorporate your inferior function into your life, and that can be a really freeing and wonderful feeling.  Try spending some time with Fi-doms and seeing things from their point of view more - it will likely be a mutually beneficial exercise. :)Hehehe well, we love you too :)

Also, I'm not surprised how often y'all fight - that's really common with duals and semi-duals. You have to push past it. Be open-minded, be authentic, be yourself but keep trying and give them a chance. You'll see. It's fulfilling in a way that's hard to explain until you find it. Also of course not everyone with a dual/semi-dual type will get along, so it's worth trying a few times with different people. Maybe lurk around r/INFP for a while and see if anything catches your interest? :P

Sorry I need to stop playing MBTI matchmaker it's just so temptiiiing...I know exactly the kind of ISFJ 'marshaling' you're describing. You make a really good point.  I think it goes back to the universal difficulty with describing things in typology, which is that every type will read any given word in a slightly different way. The reason ISFJ reacts to 'amoral' is, as you said, very different from why an ENTP does, and the word itself likely carries very different connotations for them.You might be surprised at how well you get along, actually, especially with Si-doms. Having low intuition doesn't mean it's unvalued - quite the contrary, actually, it often means it's yearned for but difficult to achieve on one's own. They will likely appreciate you for bringing out that side of you, just as you'll likely appreciate them for bringing out your Si.Okay, well I genuinely do not want to make your life worse so if you think caring about you feels invasive and people trying to be close to you is suffocating, then I'll trust what you say about yourself and let you be.  The conclusions you've reached are very different from the ones I would have as an outside observer to your situation, but I don't want to impose myself any further. I would ask that you please respect the fact that we're a community of different types and part of what makes that work is that it's not socially acceptable to blatantly insult each other (or each other's dominant functions). That in and of itself may be suffocating - as I understand that what you consider 'insulting' is also different from what people are actually insulted by - but I'd argue that an awareness of that need is part of the "cost of membership", as it were. Please consider keeping that in mind in your future posts; I would really appreciate it.Hmm...my initial reaction was "fuck no", but I realize that's not strictly true. The only situation where I'd do it, though, was one where it's more beneficial not only to me, but presumably to the person I'm talking to as well. 

For example, let's say I need a new birth certificate because in a fit of drunken rage my abusive husband destroyed it. I'm not going to tell the birth certificate office worker that - I'll just say that I "lost" it. I'm lying to save time (from having to explain it), but also because I'm sparing them from having to have some kind of empathetic reaction, which takes energy for people. 

I think it would be really rare for me to do it with someone I was close to, though. I'm trying to think of an example. No, I really think I make it a priority not to lie to people I care about. Even when I WANT to lie, to protect myself from judgment or to get what I want, I consciously force myself not to.&gt; u/peppermint-kiss ... pls.. lol

Omg you're so cute.

&gt; They always ended up hating me

I'll be honest, they often feel like one of the hardest types to get into my good graces, for some reason.  They are not impressed by the things about me that other people like.  My advice would be try to as much as possible to be open, honest, and genuine with them, and not to try too hard to be super nice or likeable.  That said, part of being vulnerable and open is saying positive things when you think or feel them, even if they're kind of embarrassing.

Dual relations (ENTJ-ISFP) can be really good if both people are mature, but it can also be a struggle to initially connect and communicate because each person sees the other as soooo different.  Also your mother hated you though???  What a terrible person, you're like the nicest ENTJ I've ever talked to if I'm being honest lol.

Anyway yeah!  Try with INFPs and see what happens. :)  I'm addicted to semi-dual relations.Yeah, that sounds really annoying./u/Flux_n_Uck - come read!  About subtypes :) :)Oh that makes sense!  You are really nice and likeable :)Ooh twinsies!normalizer :)This is a really good question, but I haven't written it out at any point.  I will keep it on the back burner to do in the future!

A short list:

* high F = more emoticons
* I often have to re-read Ni-dom sentences multiple times, especially INTJ
* Gammas (NTJ, SFP) have no problem self-promoting (e.g. "I have been told I seem very intelligent."), especially INTJs
* Ne-doms are most obvious when they're spastic/"holds up spork"
* ISFPs often use all lowercase, trailing sentences, and seem like they're floating on clouds haha.  Not sure how else to describe it.
* INxPs often seem very comfortable describing themselves.  They have more definitive answers than most types.
* NJs contextualize their answers more ("In this situation, I'm like this; in that situation, I'm more like this.")
* SJs provide lots of (to me) extraneous details.  E.g. "My buddy Eric and I were eating at the Taco Bell last December and he said..."
* ExTJs express few emotions other than annoyance/frustration in their answers
* Anyone who matter-of-factly describes their lack of emotionality is more likely TJ.  Anyone who describes it either proudly or bashfully is more likely TP.
* ExxPs bounce all over everywhere.
* IxxJs give uncomfortably short &amp; concise answers, especially IxFJs.
* High Ji meta-analyzes their answers or tries to figure out why I'm asking a particular question.
* Higher Te is more likely to take me at my word when I type them.
* NTPs are always confused about their type
* The more organized and easy-to-read a response is, the more likely it's a J.  Better formatting tends toward high Je.
* TPs often try to organize but leave in lots of typos or little mistakes.  FPs often look like they threw up on their post, with the exception of some Te-heavy INFPs.
* High Pi (IxxJs) tend not to reference the initial post, they just give their answers.  High Pe (ExxPs) are more likely to leave the questions in their answers, either bolded or quoted.

I could keep going forever but I'll stop here!  Most of these are based on my intuition and not, like, rigorous data-collecting, so take them with a grain of salt!These are geared toward my personal impressions of each type.  I tried to include a variety of themes - dancing, animals, children, silly stock photos. :P

Let me know what you think, and submit new photos for consideration please!  Some of the albums need more love.This was a great idea, OP!

I got Neediness, Independence, and Sensitivity

:$I know right? I thought that was interesting. But anyone who knows me would say it's true. I'm very prone to doing things my own way, and I'm proud of how much I can handle on my own. But when I do let someone into my life, I need a lot from them - support, intimacy, and so on. If I can't get it, I move on.Aww, thanks.  I'm glad you related!!  Like I said, I was mostly trying to show 'what the type seems like to me' because finding pictures that remind other types of themselves seems like...a pretty daunting task lol.  As for the imgur comments...well.  I guess you either get it or you don't. O_OPrecisely!!

Although help with chores and remembering things (Si) always comes in handy O_O[oh yEs im fine why do u asK?](http://66.media.tumblr.com/6b0f591bb7eb3d218dec53ba6173cfdf/tumblr_inline_o6ncosCKb51qc7euf_500.gif)Interesting!!!

I found myself stuck on some of them, where there was an "obvious" right answer and a "secret" answer that I leaned toward - for example someone having furrowed brows is "obviously" annoyed but sometimes people do that because they're pretending and/or being playful.  Like I got the sense that several of these people were "acting" a certain emotion, but might not have actually felt that way.

Also some of them were hard to choose, like whether someone was being "playful" or "desiring" - an ENxP is playful *because* they're desiring attention.  And some of them it would have depended on what personality type they were.  An INTJ "excited" looks very different from an ESFJ "excited".

That said, I got 31 (better than 82%) so not bad I guess? :)&gt; I thought that half of the women looked interested or flirtatious

They said that they pulled these photos from magazines - how are they identifying the expressed feelings then?  I'm wondering if these are photos of models 'portraying' some particular emotion - which if that's the case, female models are often expected to portray whatever emotion it is + attractive/flirtatious as well.Have you looked at all into [relational ethics/ethics of care](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethics_of_care)?

I finally discovered that after years of not being able to identify with either virtue ethics or consequentialism.

For example, imagine your coworker is being sucked into a machine at your factor and they are imminently going to die.  There's a big red "stop" button next to the machine, but you know that it will take ten seconds after pressing it for the machine to actually stop, and your coworker will die in five seconds.

To me personally, it seems unethical to just stand there and not press it anyway, even though the consequences are the same.  One could make the argument that pressing the button might make the coworker feel better for a moment, which would be a consequentialist argument, but I'd argue that even if the coworker can't see you, you should press the button, because you have a responsibility to try to help however you can, even if you know/believe it's futile.&gt; people isolate hypothetical scenarios but can't help but evaluate them based on the context of their entire life experience

Yeah I was thinking about this even as I wrote that example above.  Interestingly the whole point of ethics of care is that it's contextual - that something can't be good or bad outside of the relational context of the two people.  I suppose consequentialism is the same in many respects.That sub is so funny!!  Haha

I'm glad you liked my INFP folder. :)  For INFP especially it's hard not to just describe the specific INFPs I've known...every one is so different in content, you know what I mean?It might be related to subtypes as well.  I know what mood you're talking about - you're right that I didn't think to include it.

To be fair, there was a lot I didn't include in any of them...my ENTP board is particularly sad I feel lol.  Suggest me some pictures and I'll add them if I agree!Ooh thank you!  Just what I wanted!Could you give me some pictures to look at?  That would be the best for me to get an idea of what you mean. :)

ETA: The reason I ask btw is because I relate to what you're describing too, so I'd be interested to see what draws you to a particular picture and if it's different from what draws me to it.Oh nice!!  The biggest difference I notice is the absence or de-emphasis of the human subject.  Like if you look at my ENFJ moodboard I also have a "depths of the ocean" picture but the human is the focus of the photo.  Thank you so much for these!Fe-Ni is generally pretty good at that I think, although there are a lot of "false positives"

Me: "You're mad."

Them: "No I'm not."

Me: "No you definitely are, I can see it in your eyes, just trust me I can tell."

Them: "...okay well now I am."&lt;3

I know very little about enneagram but I've been typed 8w7 sx/so and thank you for validating me :PYou wouldn't be able to do it like an Ne-dom can, not with role Ne - you should see my ESFP students brainstorming; it's not their strong suit.

I can barely even brainstorm like my Ne-doms and I have it as demonstrative.  It takes me much longer and my ideas are much more interconnected and cohesive.  ENxPs can throw out 50 completely different ideas in three minutes.NO I hate it why am I a banana!!!Just to answer the second part of your title -

Fe is by definition extroverted.  I am very warm and expressive of emotions.  My boyfriend would argue that I am very loving and giving, and I guess that's true, because that's what I do, and of course I do often feel really strong affection and good will for people.

But that's not always how it feels on the inside.  On the inside, I sometimes feel a bit cold, judgmental, and resentful of other people.  I have a very dark sense of humor and love absurdist or existential comedy.  Mentally I have a tendency toward [solipsism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solipsism) and sometimes even nihilism.  And the interesting thing is, none of these traits seem to bother me that much.  What bothers me is when other people see them, when I let "the mask" slip a little bit.  Maybe related to Si PoLR and Te role functions and/or the super-ego?  Was talking about this a bit today and it seems to fit.  It seems to go further into the abyss than Ti-doms, almost like there's a fussy baby INTJ inside me.

So yes, I've often felt about ENTJs like they are exceptionally cold (probably one of the coldest-presenting types) but that they have a very tender and sweet little heart beating inside them.  Maybe ENFJs are the other way around.  I'm trying not to be too embarrassed about that to share this with you...I guess my selfless nature has won out ;):* !!Is who wonderful enough?  My boyfriend?

I would plug myself into the Matrix if it meant I could be with him.  Real or not is kind of an arbitrary question to me at this point in my life.Hehehe.

He stalks my reddit profile so he'll see. :D And will be touched.  That's why he's so great...he knows me so well...I can be my [monstrous little self](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-_tr7IkYv9DQ/ViqdancMpfI/AAAAAAAAEZo/5_9ih5AkoLw/s640/tumblr_lw3sz9ayfD1r89i3xo1_500.gif) and it only makes him love me more.Heh heh heh.

Have you seen "Shutter"?   Sorry for spoiling the reveal, but that image stuck with me for so long...basically the guy has been complaining for the whole movie about his back aching, and it is slowly revealed that the ghost that has been haunting him is a girl he participated in raping and killing long ago...this scene is when it is finally revealed why his back ached so much...

My boyfriend didn't rape and kill me though, fortunately.  Just stole my heart.  The absolute madman.Well, for what it's worth, I like you. :PPoorly.  Lol.

To be more precise, I have very few conscious memories.  I have no idea what happened yesterday, and little idea what happened today.  I can have a five hour conversation with someone and at the end stuggle to recount what we talked about.  And I tell the same stories over and over without realizing it, although always because they're connected to some conceptual point I'm trying to make (and rarely just for the sake of sharing my experience).

BUT, when I am presented with a situation or story which has a similar lesson or "takeaway" to an experience I had in the past, it often triggers older memories to come into my mind.  This can also happen if the memory in question is directly triggered (e.g. someone says "Remember that time when...?"), but not always.

Things that I experience get stored in my mind as lessons or metaphors.  The more often something happens to me, the stronger my association between it and its causes or effects.  I get really strong instincts about certain people or situations, almost certainly because I've encountered similar ones before, but I remember the 'feeling' much more easily than the actual facts.

Basically my memory serves as a book of parables or fables, sorted by topic (e.g. "grief over missed opportunities", "the underdog vindicated", or "a stitch in time saves nine").  I can't access most of the stories at will, but when something in conversation or life matches one of the "chapters", the "book" flips itself open to the appropriate page.&gt; they can just kind of make me feel deficient

They can also help you get better at the things that are hard for you.

And keep in mind that the areas you're strong in, you make them feel the same way - and you can help them get better at their Ti and Ne.You're making really sweeping generalizations that are based on your relatively superficial experience with ESFJs.  If you get to know one on a deeper level, you'll see that this isn't true at all.

It may be a function of age though.hahaha yes I agree INTP-ENFJ is the best :D :D :DHe's being a bit harsh, it's true, but he's not wrong, either.

The concept of a 'loop' does describe a certain kind of behavior that you can observe in types on occasion, but I don't see any reason to believe it's a long term state people fall into or any of the other attributes you find people talking about on Tumblr etc.It depends.  If it's mindless/repetitive work like grammar or math, I like to have music (but usually with no words).  If it's difficult or thought-provoking, I at most like atmospheric sounds like rain or flowing water.  I'm a very auditory learner so anything with pattern or speech distracts me too much. &lt;3

It's admirable that you acknowledge your struggles.  A lot of people who haven't had the time or experience needed to develop enough tend to diminish the importance of things like emotional maturity and a strong value system.  I think these kinds of people often feel like outsiders in "the real world" and seek solace in the internet, which is why you'll often find introverted thinkers patting each other on the back a lot online.One of the biggest is to demonstrate the behavior that you seek to elicit in your interlocutor.

For example, if I want someone to open up to me about their emotions, I start opening up about my own.  The key is to do it in a gentle and subtle way - to draw someone in rather than push into their space.

And you also have to be relatively vague, because (for most healthy people) you can't determine the content of someone's expression; you can only influence the *type* of expression.

So for example, say I'm at an art museum, and I want to know what a stranger thinks of the painting they're looking at.

**Option 1**

**Me:** What are you looking at???

**Stranger:** wtf??

x wrong.  This is forcing your way into the stranger's space.

***

**Option 2**

**Me:** I think this painting is so beautiful and exciting, don't you?

**Stranger:** Yeah, sure, I guess...\*edges away\*

x wrong.  By being so specific, you are attempting to direct the content of the conversation, which is unlikely to successfully inspire the stranger to share their true thoughts or feelings.

***

**Option 3**

**Me:**  Hmm, wow.  Now this is interesting.

**Stranger:** Yeah?

**Me:** Yeah, it makes me feel...a bit excited, I guess.  Why is her expression like that, do you think?

**Stranger:** \*weak milquetoast afraid-of-strangers answer\*

**Me:** \*unusually encouraging\* Yeah that's a really good point!  But if that's the case, then I wonder why...?

After a few more whimpering starts, and by judging the stranger's attitude (you have to know when to give up, if someone is opposed to opening up for whatever reason), you'll soon find yourself in a very interesting back-and-forth conversation.  The same is true for friends, relatives, colleagues, whatever - if you want someone to talk about something, you start talking about it yourself, but in a really gentle and vague way.  If they're interested, they'll pick up the line and start to make it more concrete. ESFPs can definitely be smart; they just aren't the type to normally sit around reddit and talk about stuff in relative anonymity.  There are a lot more on Tumblr.Have you or would you be willing to do these for other functions...perhaps...tert Se and inf Ti? :3 :3 :3

I really hate the socionics descriptions for lower functions and I would really love to see what you'd come up with for those.  Just if you have time! :)&gt; I guess NT people are better in here since they could have many different interpretations.

How in the world would NT be better than NF at interpreting literature?Take your time. :)  I really look forward to it!Hmmm...this is interesting, because I've often seen ENFJs referred to as social chameleons.  I'd argue that we're more likely to *create* or adjust the social mood or atmosphere than adapt to it ourselves, though.My favorite is fall, bleeding into winter.INFJs are not manipulative?? O_O  ENFJs are not pensive??Probably [betas](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/Beta) - we're considered the most "rebellious" (fighting against 'the man', doing crazy things to get a reaction) and occasionally "revolutionary".  xSTPs and xNFJs.  c.f. Miley Cyrus, Donald Trump, Teddy Roosevelt, Malcolm X, Marquis de Sade, Al Capone, Angelina Jolie, Madonna, Eminem, Putin, Kristen Stewart, Simon Cowell, MLK Jr., Zack de la Rocha from Rage Against the Machine, Bono, Helena Bonham Carter, Michael Moore, Marilyn Manson, Gandhi, Sam Harris, Osama bin Laden, Trotsky.

Next would be [gammas](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/Gamma) - not really rebellious; they're more "devil-may-care" (reckless, do whatever they want) or punisher (seeking revenge) stereotypes.  xSFPs and xNTJs.  c.f. Justin Bieber, Nicki Minaj, Pink, Bill Clinton, Quentin Tarantino, Leonardo DiCaprio, Lindsay Lohan, Hugh Hefner, Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Jimi Hendrix, David Bowie, Trent Reznor, Rihanna, Avril Lavigne, Britney Spears, Paris Hilton, Dick Cheney, Satlin, Adele, George Clooney, Martin Shkreli, Ayn Rand, Nietzsche, Karl Marx, Martin Luther, Anders Breivik, Ted Kaczynski.

But of course anyone can be a bad boy/girl.  What really matters is the reasons for it.Rebelling means, in part, doing something *because* society doesn't like it - to wake people up, get attention, make a statement, etc.  The goal is to get noticed for one's bad behavior - it's leveraging Fe for its own purposes

Fi tends to do whatever it wants, *regardless* of whether or not society likes it.  That's why I said Se-Fi types are less *rebellious* and more *devil-may-care*.  They don't generally do something bad just to "make a point" - they do something because they think that thing needs to be done, people need to be punished, etc, or because they just literally don't care what anyone thinks.

For example - Dick Cheney (ENTJ) and Martin Shkreli (INTJ) literally don't care what people think - or, if they're trying to affect public opinion, it's only a means to an end - to achieve their real goal.  Putin (ISTP) and Osama bin Laden (INFJ) definitely do/did - the entire reason they do what they do is to affect public opinion.  I don't think you can be a "rebel" unless you care what people think.  Both groups of people can definitely be "bad boys" though - as can pretty much anyone.They sure can be - Robert Downey Jr. etc. But I don't think ENTPs as a whole tend to fit into the "bad boy" stereotype. Like I said, plenty of exceptions though :)Obama is an ENTP though actually :)IMO best would be ISFJ, followed by ISTJ.I am not very altruistic or giving as a general rule.  I can be pretty harsh, actually.Me.  It makes me feel ill.I think it's more about maturity.  More immature people of either type will see things as black and white.

Fi tends to judge whether things are *inherently* right or wrong.  Fe judges whether they're right or wrong *in this situation*.  Either can say "my way or the highway" or "well, let's look at all the nuances".Definitely ESFJ.  I tried to read it "as" other types and I couldn't - there was always something that stopped me.

I wish all type-me threads were written like this!  It was a pleasure to read.I got:

* 49% INFJ
* 13% ENTP
* 8% ENFJ
* 6% ENTJ
* 6% INFP

I skipped a LOT of questions, especially the introversion/extroversion ones, because my answers never fit the extrovert stereotype, and I didn't want to throw it off...ah well...

Okay I took it again and didn't skip any questions and I got:

* 37% ENFJ
* 12% ENFP
* 12% INFJ
* 10% ENTJ
* 8% ENTP

So I guess it knows what it's doing!!

Also according to the pie chart on the side I am 1/3 popularity so...well done me I guess...I really, really enjoyed and appreciated this paper!!!  I think it's such an interesting topic and I'm really grateful to have been included.  :)  Thank you for sharing the results of your research!It's normal for Se to become more developed in your early adulthood.

&gt; I've broken up with girls that are really dedicated to me because I don't see myself being with them long-term.

How is that a bad decision???  It's important for a girlfriend to be dedicated to you, but it's definitely not sufficient.  It's also incredibly important that you feel super compatible and want a future with the person.

&gt; I talk to and hook up with girls who I really shouldn't

Why not?

&gt; go to parties much more than I used to

So, what's wrong with that?

You sound like you're growing up normally.  If you're engaging in risky behavior, try to figure out how you feel right before/as you do it.  See if that's a feeling you can learn to tolerate and not feel the need to eradicate right away.  it may teach you something about yourself.I think the idea that extroverts "get energy" from interacting with people is bunk.  I don't know why people keep pushing it.

Everyone "expends energy" by doing something focused and with intention, which socializing often entails.AHHHHHHHH i clicked the wrong thing!

OP, you have to correct my error, please :(

I chose Neptune but then I navigated away, came back, clicked submit...and saw that Pluto was selected.

[Fuck Pluto](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2015-09/10/4/enhanced/webdr11/anigif_original-grid-image-11673-1441872222-5.gif) I like the deep blueee&gt; "how will this make others feel?" (Fe)

This is really an oversimplification of Fe.  Fe also thinks "Does this work with my values?"  It's just that the values are situational and objective, not inherent and personal.  Like Te, Fe also thinks "What's the best way to achieve my goal?" it's just that the goal tends to be more human- or society- or relationship-oriented than it does technical- or impersonal process-oriented.&gt; FJs = Fe &gt; Ti = enablers, suck ups, codependent

This is totally wrong.  You can go with 'fake' or 'manipulative' if you like but Fe does NOT entail being enabling or codependent.  Those are some of the qualities I hate most in a person.

Also "object-oriented' and "subject-oriented" refer to extroverted functions and introverted functions, respectively.  I think I know what you're going for, but those labels already have meaning in Jungian typology so we need to be careful about how we use them.

As for the rest of your post, I think these stereotypes are soooo harmful in trying to type people.  A lot of the stereotypes are diametrically opposed to how the types see themselves.

There are ISTJ [pop stars](https://youtu.be/fbzTwo4UQ_M) and INFJ [dictators](https://youtu.be/EV9kyocogKo) and ENFJ [scientists](https://youtu.be/Dkjkh3OrjeA) and INTP [indie musicians](https://youtu.be/bs1BNBstU1c) and ESFP [CEOs](https://youtu.be/dUJ0d7xUMLQ) and INFP [comedians](https://youtu.be/5HbYScltf1c).I don't know...maybe not the technical definition of a sociopath, but I could definitely see myself as a serial killer if I'd had a fucked up childhood, or if I had a vendetta/cause that I felt really strongly about - enough to overcome my fear/anxiety of getting caught or getting hurt and my laziness.  E.g. infiltrating and torturing/murdering all of the members of a pedophile ring in a post-apocalyptic wasteland scenario.  I wouldn't feel guilt, hesitation, or remorse about that at all.

INFJs are even darker I think.  E.g. Osama bin Laden and Hitler.  There's a little of them in all of us :')  We just hide it better lolHaha, I agree, neither of them fit the 'clinical' definition of sociopath.  I just think it's a shame people think evil can only be perpetrated by those who don't have ethics or empathy.  Often ethical or empathetic people can latch onto a cause that justifies tremendous evil in their minds.&gt; I had a fucked up childhood, and I killed nobody.

It's a "necessary, not sufficient" thing for serial killers etc.  Most serial killers had fucked up childhoods, but most people with fucked up childhoods are not serial killers.

My childhood had its ups and downs.  Seeing how I responded to the downs, I am certain there are ways I could have been brought up that would have ended up with me being very different than I am now.

&gt; I'm sure you'll do. Those things are insidious.

I'm sure I wouldn't.  I know myself well enough.  I would enjoy it.

It wouldn't fulfill me though, and it would end up being addictive/self-destructive.  Hurting or dominating other people (verbal smackdowns, winning wrestling matches, etc.) hypes me up a lot and makes me feel really powerful, but in a way that escalates the desire to do more.  It's unsustainable and unhealthy.  I work really hard to avoid doing things that I consider unethical for that reason.

&gt; What's the point hiding it, when Ne doms like me see it in plain sight

And yet you're the one arguing that it doesn't exist in me, the evil?  Or that I would/could never express it?I think you're right.  I don't think I would ever succumb to it.  But I think that's half "who I am" and half "what I've learned/experienced".  I just think that if my experiences were different, it might have really changed my priorities, you know?

Also I don't think your idea is dumb.  I think evil or "the dark side" is really tempting for a lot of people.  I think it's just what constitutes that dark side for everyone that's different.  For example some people's dark side is about destruction (e.g. destroying something beautiful), some people's is about...status?  Like making people acknowledge how special/important they are.  For some it's about laziness and self-indulgence, and so on.

For me I would say my dark side is mostly about purity, cleansing, or 'control' in the sense of not letting anything happen that I didn't approve of.  Think of the religious schoolmistress that makes a dirty child wash her hands 100 times.  Only I'm not religious or anti-sex or anything.  But I'm really anti-corruption, anti-selfishness, anti-destruction.  So any force that I see as corrupted or destructive must be conquered and removed - that's the temptation, and the way to overcome it is to learn to tolerate messiness in the world, and to focus my influence on growing positive influences in society rather than destroying negative ones.Oh oh oh!!  Fun!!!

These are the 2...6?  Most recent memes from my blog.  It's a pretty good overview of my sense of humor.

[A](http://68.media.tumblr.com/bcf55882cb04acbe31fa142ee34db926/tumblr_o55vv9TSMn1v9gd9ho1_500.jpg)

[B](http://67.media.tumblr.com/5c65ee0baa430bbb62cf09a7af8c3e08/tumblr_ocktjpJFAV1tm1x8po1_500.jpg)

[C](http://68.media.tumblr.com/7f8cf2370a6ed8f18f950ec1f34a3f1a/tumblr_obxnaf4waa1tqn2sto1_500.jpg)

[D](http://66.media.tumblr.com/5599b7e135e932b74936cdd44b49e1a2/tumblr_oclafiIssg1rwewyjo1_500.png)

[E](http://67.media.tumblr.com/ec062d939d74f6bd735f7ccea1616af9/tumblr_o9rd1vCY3K1v6y3nfo1_500.jpg)

[F](http://67.media.tumblr.com/fd2aad49e6ee7852c70d2ff2f40b0fd4/tumblr_inline_o71iqqVNZh1s63q0k_540.png)

[G](http://67.media.tumblr.com/95ef1b6b788c4dd23f6e35048909a63b/tumblr_inline_o65syfzAUE1qilrvc_500.png)

[H](http://67.media.tumblr.com/509c7dfb6c0547be588048fbdfb24fc5/tumblr_o6m2nwQ6BF1qz581wo4_500.png)

[I](http://66.media.tumblr.com/ebf6ea6b9019e7e98f17970dfbbe2235/tumblr_obbeoyJjND1sijjnno1_500.png)

[J](http://67.media.tumblr.com/b284643c0593e742814582c2ea97289b/tumblr_neq2mli1xK1tzf754o1_500.jpg)

[K](http://66.media.tumblr.com/f6864d6758f02f8c97e1fd1e71ad5ec9/tumblr_o6u9c8JAfo1qgh75xo1_500.png)

[L](http://66.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpn876HVRc1qzdqtro1_500.jpg)

[M](http://66.media.tumblr.com/acac2958b609277f345a80dc4e75acfe/tumblr_o8c21wX9Lp1tcqhjho1_500.png)

[N](http://66.media.tumblr.com/af1cb9f85414c519a79f33e9cfb0f699/tumblr_o7upb1RxtE1qkqjvho1_500.png)

[O](http://67.media.tumblr.com/f990ed18391f1a45ca65c3ccb8a66676/tumblr_o63iprkEXO1umdmzqo1_500.jpg)

[P](http://66.media.tumblr.com/a467138adf9ef9f4ee7492dd910d828c/tumblr_o3cljjFOJS1qewacoo1_r2_500.jpg)

[Q](http://67.media.tumblr.com/251f7b70ef5db6d7800e0ef8ce4a87ec/tumblr_o6j6kgHPUy1rgdl63o1_500.png) (honestly I love every loss.jpg meme)

[R](http://66.media.tumblr.com/aaf0987bc5fd306c4b43c534a39fe9b4/tumblr_o5p3cfqvjB1t5ny22o1_500.png)

[S](http://66.media.tumblr.com/23f7940967d18d7e15ed53829b4a17f7/tumblr_o1f8wijfe71rqpaa6o1_500.jpg)

[T](http://66.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6t57q8a7U1qeqhkho1_500.jpg) [T2](http://67.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6t57q8a7U1qeqhkho2_250.jpg) [T3](http://66.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6t57q8a7U1qeqhkho3_250.jpg)

[U](http://66.media.tumblr.com/436591f740ea6d8cb4a1f2858ee00f1d/tumblr_o34tqjXTky1tsy4y2o1_500.jpg)

[V](http://68.media.tumblr.com/ca64fe3e5eeb806bf90d7176dc0bc772/tumblr_o2er1m5Oqw1sn7lxto1_500.png)

[W](http://66.media.tumblr.com/d4b02af3c2b37f4d2d23730c4d946ae3/tumblr_nz4nxyTMic1sfjxl3o1_500.jpg)

[X](http://67.media.tumblr.com/71ae5abf0481fe74ee551b132b34b833/tumblr_nwfxf3R9Rj1rns06do1_500.png)

[Y](http://67.media.tumblr.com/94dda42191750f43c35bf415e2154b17/tumblr_nf5tvqFbdr1rcf8hho1_400.png)

[Z](http://67.media.tumblr.com/d88f5d0ccca7a7331cec75c685a4d122/tumblr_ntl1bgaeef1qzq48ko1_500.png)nooooooooooooo omg ::sobs::

Now you made me love it omg&gt; What's tolerable messiness ?

That's a good question.  For me it's tolerable as long as it can eventually be cleaned.  Once there's something that's doing permanent damage, though, it must be stopped.  For example, I can tolerate any amount of corruption or incompetence by public officials, as long as there remains the chance for the people to rise up and overthrow them if necessary.  But as soon as the people's education, information, or access to communication is threatened, I start to get very nervous.  Because if you can censor the truth, you can keep them from turning against you.  And that's a kind of permanent damage, especially if it lasts too long.

I think America is getting close to that point now.  We're in a Fourth Turning, so it's expected, but we've yet to see whether the people still have enough power left to fight back, or whether it will crumble.I don't feel intimidated by ISFPs at all.  In fact I feel like I'm better than they are at most everything I care about...except being 'chill' I guess.But my point is that your stereotypes are not at all useful for someone who's attempting to type themselves or others, because they have very little correlation to how those people *actually* are.  It doesn't matter how easy something is to conceptualize when the **concept itself is inaccurate**.  Fe-doms are not, as a general rule, enablers.  There's very little correlation there.  INTPs are not "the scientist type".  There is no "scientist type".  Calling INTPs the "scientist type" will prevent other sciencey people from finding their true type, as well as INTPs who are not scientists.

There are actual ways to describe the types that are not reliant on stereotypes.  Find a way to make those things easy to conceptualize.
 
Essentially: I'm not offended that you're wrong; I'm offended because it's unhelpful to OP.Hi 13-day-old redditor your opinion is really valuable to me"important" is not really a fair question...there are types that would make me more interested in the game and types I wouldn't be interested in, but every type is important to someone.Yeah, that's totally understandable.  It's crazy to think about - I'm sure when you see other people whose tertiary and inferior functions match your dominant and auxiliary, you notice the subtle and not-so-subtle ways in which they differ.  I almost never think it's accurate to describe tert/inf functions as *weaker*, but I do think it's accurate to say we have much less conscious understanding and control of how they work in us.  I can't help but sound a little reductive when I describe the ways in which Se and Ti manifest in a person.

But yeah, you can think of F as encompassing values, morals, emotions, personal development, maturity, relationships, goal-setting, desires, society, spirituality, literature, romance, beauty, and so on - basically anything in the world that involves people or judgments which are not made logically.  Then, when we talk about the extroverted or introverted attitude of a function, that's the same for any function.

Extroverted functions are focused on the outside world (the "object"), the situation at hand, the moving parts.  They are exploratory and generative - they find, create, test, implement, and affect things.  You can say that their scope is broad - they are concerned with a little bit of information about a lot of things.

Introverted functions are focused on introspection (the "subject"), eternal or inherent properties, personal experience and understanding.  They are compiling and synthesizing - they store, process, analyze, develop, and flesh things out.  You can say that their scope is deep - they are concerned with a lot of information about a few things.

And keep in mind that everyone values two introverted functions and two extroverted functions.  So for example, ENFJs and INFPs both have deep *and* broad understandings and judgments about F-related concepts.  It's just that ENFJs see relationships, society, values, goals etc. (Fe) as ever-changing, impermanent, situational, and useful - things that can be affected, played with, observed, and so on.  It's the *conceptual patterns* (Ni) and *logical reasons or causes and effects* (Ti) that we develop while observing how people and society work that we are concerned with fleshing out and analyzing - the given people or situations are just examples by which we can test our understanding.

On the other hand, INFPs see relationships, society, values, goals etc. (Fi) as something that people build, that we analyze and influence not by isolated actions but by long-term and intentional effort.  It doesn't make sense to someone with Fi to say, for example, that we had a "deep friendship" with someone but that it's "faded" because we haven't spoken in six months - relationships are things created and developed over time, in the real world yes, but more importantly in one's own mind - they're personal.  The same is true for their understanding of society, of right and wrong, and so on - these things are influenced by all of the ideas and concepts they come across (Ne) and the impersonal systems and situations one interacts with in everyday life (Te), but ultimately what they are trying to develop is not deep understanding or logical analysis of a variety of ethical situations for example, but rather a *personal* evaluation of the ethics and values that are important to them - conceptual exploration (Ne) is done in service of developing their ability to make the ethical choices and judgments that best represent their personal understanding of right and wrong (Fi).  And then of course, strong Fi inspires the person to seek new Ne arenas to implement appropriate Te strategies.  For ENFJs and Fe, it's the other way around - ethical choices and judgments are made in the moment (Fe) to help develop a more complex and nuanced understanding of how the world works (Ni).  And then of course, strong Ni inspires the person to make the choices that will logically (using Ti) have the best outcome on the Fe realm.

This is getting really long, but I just want to remind you to keep in mind that Fe and Fi are not separate functions themselves, simply different *attitudes* of the functions - preferences for how we approach them.  Everyone has both Fe and Fi - the ability to realize, affect, and interact with relationships and values, as well as the ability to develop personal judgments about relationships and values over time.  What the position in our stack tells us is mostly *how* and *when* we prefer to use these approaches.  For example, in a Ti-dom, Fi is the role function - it is triggered situationally, when Ti is useless - it is used to "plug up the gaps" in their life or experience.  E.g. a Ti-dom is able to think about what they personally feel is right and what they truly want from their lives only when these questions are presented to them by external circumstances, and they need a lot of time and effort to interact with the function in order to produce the necessary conclusions.  Fi-doms, on the other hand, immediately know the answers to these questions, and/or ponder them proactively, effortlessly, and with great pleasure.I guess I'm just not sure how to determine whether the ISFJ, ESFJ, INFJ, or ENFJ are more important to a story than any of the others?

Personally I throw in a vote for INTP and ISTP because that's who I fall in love with, but that's mostly only going to be true for other Fe-doms.  I suppose you could think about what personality types are most likely to play your game and then include their duals and semi-duals.

So for example I would guess that the types of women (is that who we're directing it toward?) most likely to play dating sims would be ENTP, INTP, INFP, ENFJ, INFJ, ISFJ, and ISFP.  So that being the case I would suggest to include men such as:

* ISxJ
* ExFJ
* ExTJ
* IxTP
* ESxP
* ENxP
* ENxJ&gt; I never said you were offended.

No, I know you didn't.  But I think I demonstrated some strong emotion and I just wanted to let you know where in my heart that was coming from.

&gt; I'm pointing out that most people are in tune with their worst than their best.

You're right, that is often sadly the case.  But I think we must remember that people's worst qualities are not solely determined by type, and that weaknesses in the same type can manifest in different ways.  I think it's important to really put a critical eye to the archetypes we create of the types and pinpoint the true essence of each type and bring it to the surface.  Stereotypes often present a muddied image of the type, shown through the lens of misunderstanding and assumption, and if we're trying to help people type themselves, they can be a hindrance rather than an aid if they don't accurately depict how the people of that type see themselves.

I was a little harsh in my approach to you.  I'm sorry for that.  I feel really passionate about clearing out the debris that's gathered around these concepts and finding the truth that lies beneath it.  But sometimes I wield my passion as a weapon instead of a tool.  I will try to do better.nm not worth itOmg that is so funny.

I want to go crash a party with you.

I usually hate petty shit but this is just really funny.  I don't understand how anyone could hate you.&gt; Extroversion is about social desires but your extroverted functions have nothing to do with that, but for some reason it's impossible for you to be "Fe dom" and be introverted, which doesn't make sense. Also "J" types are considered more "goal oriented" but all the J means is that your judging function is your first extroverted function, but Fe has to do with social harmony and has nothing to do with making lists.

Literally everything in this paragraph is wrong.

* extroversion (in Jungian theory) has nothing to do with social desires
* Fe-doms can be (socially) introverted
* J-types are not "goal-oriented".  All being a J-type means is that your strong judging function is extroverted, so they're more flexible in situational analysis in regards to Thinking or Feeling (they're more likely to take things on a case-by-case basis, rather than a universal one)
* Fe doesn't have to do with social harmony, not in the way you're thinking

You don't really have any understanding of the theory at all, so you have no basis to say it "falls apart under scrutiny".I suppose the biggest issue I had was not with the association between extroversion and social *demeanor*, necessarily, but rather that of social *desires*.  I'm specifically referring to the stereotypes that extroverts want to be surrounded by friends, go to parties all the time, and wilt if they're forced to spend time alone.  Similarly, that introverts hide up in the homes, sit on computers all day, and cringe when the phone rings.

Extroverted functions affect how people interact with the world, to be sure, but I take issue with the idea that an ENTJ is going to be a giggling social butterfly just because their dominant function of extroverted.

Regardless, I misread OP as talking about typology in general rather than strictly MBTI and that's where some of my impatience came from.  I appreciate the links, quotes, and extra info you provided to give a more nuanced understanding of the issue.Agreed.

And specifically for ENFJs, sometimes *discord*, discomfort, excitement, and the like are considered preferable to harmony in achieving Fe goals.::sobs quietly:: let me have my few simple pleasures...Fe-doms can be very useful for this, I think.  We understand IxTP Fe even when it is not easily translatable.Heh.  You just reminded me that my INFJ dad stole a car when he was a teen.

It took forever to get him to tell me what he got arrested for and he's refused to talk about it ever since.  He's so cute.Sounds perfectly ENTP to me.  Like they're re-discovering Fe-Si.  Those functions tend to develop and grow in young adulthood.

(I don't think loops exist.)Awwwwwwww!!!

For what it's worth...recognize that every type has the same insecurity and attraction toward their inferior function.  ExFJs can very smart and analytical, just like IxTPs can be very warm-hearted and emotional - but sometimes we need an encouraging and patient listener to help us work through our ideas.

Keep in mind that I find it very easy to convince and persuade people most of the time - even people that don't agree with me are often afraid or unable to say anything, because I have a really...I guess...intimidating presence.  Not just intimidating, but also I cry and pout and charm and so on.  So often people end up agreeing with me just to shut me up, or because I've overridden the logic centers of their brains, or because they're not very logical in the first place.  Even xxTJs will just sometimes accept what I say when it's about an area they're not very familiar in, because I sound so sure and confident.  Also because I'm actually right too sometimes, I guess :P

It may sound nice, but actually what it leads to is a lot of self-doubt - I may be successful in convincing someone else, but I'm never really secure in the accuracy of my claims.  So it's easy to start questioning and doubting myself, wondering if everything I say is just "bullshitting" and nothing is actually worthwhile or true in the end.  Especially when I make a mistake, I often don't know if it's due to an error in reasoning, a lack of information, an overconfident guess, or just bad luck...and the same is true when I'm right - I don't know if it's because I'm actually smart and well-informed, or because I was lucky, or maybe even that I've fooled myself into thinking my decisions/actions and the effects were connected - so because of this ExFJs can often overcompensate by thinking we're always right and nothing is our fault, or retreat into uncertainty and blame ourselves for everything that doesn't turn out the way we expected it to.  Often oscillating between the two extremes in the same person.  It makes the world seem very uncertain, in a way.

So it's really really useful to me to have someone who will listen to my thoughts, check them, ask questions, and actually be interested in getting to the truth.  Who evaluates my arguments and decisions based on their own merits, who challenges me to defend my point of view, who understands where I'm coming from and enjoys long, complex, interesting theoretical debates.  Bonus points if I already know they like me a lot and care about me so I can be (slightly) less sensitive about constructive criticism.&gt; If you struggle with just bluntly saying "no", my suggestion is to politely decline, and offer an alternative. "No, I can't help, but you could try: Doing X, talking to Y, researching Z instead. I hope that helps!"

This is the best!!  This is what I do 24/7, even when I could help &gt;:)  /u/littlecuteboy, remember the saying?

&gt; Give a man a fish, and he eats for a day.  Teach a man to fish, and he eats for a lifetime.

If someone ever asks for your help, and it's something they *could* do themselves (or could learn to do), 9 times out of 10 it's the more compassionate and kind thing to encourage them to do it on their own.  It makes them stronger and smarter.  Of course exceptions can be made e.g. when a close friend is under a lot of stress, or it's a thing you would enjoy doing anyway, but your life will be soooo much better if you default to "not helping" instead of helping.  Stretch yourself to come up with a good reason that you *want* to help someone, rather than feeling like it's your duty (hint: it's not).

...what are we talking about again??  ::reads thread::When you're talking to a stranger, do you more often find yourself doing the speaking or the listening?

How good is your memory for detail - e.g. what Bob told you last week about his kids, what day your mom is coming to visit, or the proper procedure for submitting a report at work/school?  Are these things that you usually remember after seeing/hearing them once, or do you often have to check and re-check?

Do you often feel like you know how someone is "really" thinking or feeling, even though they don't say it - or even though they may deny it?  Or do you take people pretty much at their word?  (This is asking about your natural tendency, btw - what you're likely to do if you're not trying to change your normal approach).Aww this story is really sweet.I tend to apologize profusely and feel really bad when it's not my fault and/or no one cares.

But then when I've actually done something wrong, I go into deep denial and start projecting onto everyone else ._.Sure. :)

Based on what you've said here, NFJ is more likely.  I'd need more info to determine ENFJ or INFJ.Hmmm...it really depends on the issue.  The biggest impact is the other person - if I find that I'm getting really emotional while they're staying calm, or I find that they seem really hurt or sad, I'll stop and re-evaluate what's going on.  If it's a screaming match though, or if they're being snotty or rude, it can go on for an hour+.

If it's not about a conversation with another person, but rather about e.g. a life choice, it can take a long time (months or years) to notice self-destructive patterns.  At that point it's less "what I've done wrong" and more "things about myself I need to work on".What happened to make you feel that way? :(You're very welcome :) :)  I'm happy I could help!Everyone needs alone time.  The idea that extroverts "get energy" from being with people is bs.  We expend energy just like introverts do.  The difference is that introverts try to proactively or reflexively reserve energy, and extroverts try to proactively or reflexively spend it when it gathers (we feel as though we can't relax unless we're out of energy).I think anything that requires concentration or activity expends energy - that's how, like, human bodies work.  Nobody comes home from a six-hour dance party feeling like they have *more* energy than they did when they started.

The difference, I would suggest, is that introverts (IxxPs at least) feel the need to maintain some reserves of energy, and are hesitant to do anything that might deplete it, whereas extroverts (ExxJs) view excess energy as sort of "burning a hole in their pocket" and do not feel comfortable hanging on to it for a very long time.  This is where the need to "do something" comes from.  The goal, after a social or other engagement, is to feel "pleasantly depleted/relaxed".  The same is difference is true for IxxJs and ExxPs but they don't really control *when* they expend their energy, but rather *how much* they're expending - they may speed up or slow down on a task, for instance, or party harder vs. fading into the background.This is really cool, OP!  Love your handwriting.

That said, I really would like to move away from the concept of Fe as 'seeking harmony'.  I think it's true, in a sense, in that Fe often seeks to synthesize the values of the many into a "best fit" approach that gets everyone's needs met, but unfortunately the mental image that's created by the word "harmony" is quite antithetical to, particularly, NFJs (it is more appropriate, although still not quite perfect, for SFJs).  I would not say, for instance, that MLK Jr. or Gandhi's primary goals were to create *harmony* between the oppressed and their oppressors - indeed, the fundamental drive was to create *discord* and to shake people up and make them re-evaluate the social structures they'd taken for granted for so long.&gt; The ENFJ works 3 jobs just because she likes to stay busy, and when she has the day off she still finds people to hang with.

I'm beginning to think that everybody has a "natural replenishment level" of energy, and that ExxJ etc. just describes how one prefers to expend it.  The theory being that ExxJ feels uncomfortable with too much "potential" energy and feels the need to burn through it.

The reason I say that is that your roommate sounds incredibly active, and that life would absolutely *kill* me.  The way it makes sense to me is that she is just a person with naturally more energy (if she were an introvert, for example, she would still be more active than others of her type) so she more often feels compelled to do activities that drain that excess energy.

Me, on the other hand: Fear me, for I am slug.  It's actually a challenge for me because I often do feel a slight "excess" of energy, but my energy recharges so slowly that I often poop out in the middle of an activity.  Even going to work every day (part-time!) is enough to prevent me from doing pretty much anything else of interest that day.  Sometimes I wish I were an introvert, so that I could feel comfortable recharging and building energy up over time, instead of constantly feeling pressure to empty my already-low tank.I honestly lean toward ENTP, and the reason is this...and please don't take this the wrong way!!

You are a very likeable person but you drive me *craaaaazy* the way only Ne-doms can.  I bought INFJ for a while too but you are far too annoying tbh.

Please don't be upset by that!!!  I love my ENTPs.  But just the way we mesh (or don't!) is very distinctive, and that matches my observations of my conversations with you.

Also because I got the feeling that you still had generally positive feelings toward me even after we debated so heatedly, which does not match my experience with INFJs - by the time we're arguing, there's often some real animosity there, I feel.

of course I've been wrong about you before so ::shrug shrug shrug::&gt; "annoying to me and not objectively annoying

Please do!  That's how it was intended.

I just woke up from a nap and do not have the mental faculties to be delicate hehe.

Part of the reason I was so insistent with you is because I thought you were INTP.  I think it's really important that people don't reject or repress their inferior function so that's why I was so aggressively pro-Fe with you.

I'm not really sure what's going on with perceiving-dominants and Fe but it works in a really different way so I am not going to be too hung up about that.

Also I am used to be exasperated and shocked by things ENTPs decide.  E.g. my ENTP student thinks Machiavelli is a role model and the best form of government is an oligarchy.  At this point I just kind of nod and smile...debating doesn't *tend* to be fruitful unless I'm 100% sure I know what I'm talking about and can defend it down to the last Ti detail.  Otherwise we both tend to get frustrated and make a lot of dramatic facial expressions.Mmmm...depressed maybe?  But I would argue that you have the causality backward, or...sideways, at least.  Ne-doms are really reliant on interest and attention to generate energy - y'all need to be engaged with something exciting or interesting to get recharged.  So a lack of anything novel or interesting feels draining.

Additionally, when you have energy, you feel compelled to expend it on social interaction and/or other tasks.

How this often works is a feedback loop - the social interaction is novel and engaging, which generates excitement and energy, which needs to be spent on social interaction, and so on, until the social interaction is no long exciting for whatever reason, and then your energy starts to wear out.

It's still not the *social interaction* itself that generates energy, but rather the fact that you're interested in something.  If my theory is right, then interacting in a social setting that is not interesting to you would not be energizing.  As a teacher, I can verify that is the case with my ENFPs haha.  Similarly, being excited for whatever reason, even if it's unrelated to other people, would psych you up and make it more appealing for you to want to get out of the house and hang out with people.&gt; this kills the EXXP

heeeeeeeee

::locks you in isolation chamber, cackling::Okay but like, what did they do that made you feel like they didn't understand your emotions?I mean, you're right that I don't give a fuck in the sense that you're a total internet stranger.  But I am curious to know what could have gone on in someone's life to make them so sure that ENFJs don't understand INTPs' feelings as a whole.  I give an abstract fuck, at the very least.

Just as a hypothetical, is it possible that there could be some kind of external factor - either something about the situation, or something about an INTP's attitude or approach - that could prevent that kind of emotional connection?

Of course it's also possible that the ENFJs you've known just didn't care about you personally for whatever reason, despite favorable circumstances and a genuine effort on your part to connect.   But if that's the case, why does it then follow that none of us could/would?  Couldn't it potentially just be a factor of those individuals, rather than the type as a whole?&gt; is it possible we just feel pressure to fulfill external goals

Aha, but there's the trick - that's where ExxJs *get* energy from!  External motivation, as well as success and a sense of progress.  External pressure and/or motivators (e.g. good grades or some sort of prize/reward) give us energy, and we must expend that energy by doing something.  If we don't, we'll feel jittery and anxious.

Compare to an ExxP - no matter how much you drill into their heads that they're going to fail a class, for example, they will not bring themselves to do the work unless *they* genuinely care about the subject or "being a good student" or whatever.  No amount of external motivation works on them - it has to come from inside.

&gt; I often feel that when nothing is asked of me, and I'm not putting any work-related pressure on myself (a rare occurrence) I turn completely inward and am totally happy to stay there.

Because nothing is generating energy, so you're in a pleasant "depleted-relaxed" state.

&gt; it always takes a while to muster the energy to actually do something

Rationals (IxxP and ExxJ) both have to "rev up" to doing a task - get in the right mindset.  Like a computer booting on.&gt; they would isolate her, because that was her hell.

It is hell, if you have energy to burn and aren't allowed to burn it.  But that doesn't mean other people *give her energy*.  She has a naturally high energy level, and she needs to burn it by doing things and interacting with people, or else she'll feel jittery and anxious, or otherwise uncomfortable.

&gt; I have never seen my sister have down time where she relaxes and does nothing.

This can come from two things - either she is just a very naturally high energy person, so she generates it too fast to ever run out (and need depleted-relaxed time).  Or, she has a bit of a complex about needing to be seen as 'productive', needing to be 'the perfect friend', and so on.  If that's the case, there will be moments when she's completely frazzled and depleted but an imagined sense of external duty gives her just enough energy to keep pushing forward, but without enough time to ever really recharge.  You'd know which better than I would. :P

&gt; she would get super depressed if she was alone for long periods of time

Hmm.  This could be a matter of no external motivation or sense of forward motion -&gt; no energy generation.Hahah!  You should read it!

I mean I think Machiavelli was very smart and had some good insights.  But you can't go around telling people he's your idol, come on, hahaha.  You have to find the balance between being smart and rational, and not being evil and treating people like objects :PI went to one of those "salt float" isolation tank things, and it was sooooooooooooooo boring.  I spent the whole hour spinning around in circles haha.  My ISFJ ex had like, a spiritual experience though. :(&gt; I know what it feels like to have that "extra energy" you wanna get rid of, but when I've had some alone time, socialization feels like a chore–even though once I'm there it's usually good.

Because ExxJs need time to rev up. :)  I feel the same way.Literally puke??? haha, why?hmMMMmmMmMmm

I almost feel like it's impossible to boil it down to just one word tbh.

Maybe "mediators"?  Not perfect, but it works as a shorthand well enough.Why do INFPS get so many dates?  Because they are so FiNe.

When are INTJs so pale?  Because they are the NiTe. 🦇

How do INFJs kill people?  With a NiFe.

and so on, have fun :PI just skimmed, but your writing style is pretty INTJ/gamma.I would probably stay ENFJ, but if I had to switch I'd probably choose ENTJ.  So intense and un-self-conscious.  But to be honest it feels a bit too foreign to me.  So I guess I'd go with ESTP or ISTP.  I'd love to be a 'cool girl'.Have you seen [Elliot Hulse](https://www.youtube.com/user/elliottsaidwhat)?  Also MLK Jr. etc. :P&gt; You're not a cool girl already?

::deep blush::

I don't know, it's hard to tell under all this crippling self-doubt.  ::rummages around::

&gt; Where do I meet more ENFJs?

Ummmmm.  There are a lot of us on dating apps and websites it seems??  Also maybe volunteering?  I feel like we're kind of hidden; the only ones I know IRL are my ex's girlfriend (met on a dating app) and my former supervisor at work.

Sorry I have very little social life so I can't be of much more help :(&gt; How was it having your former supervisor being the same type as you?

It was not too bad.  I was/am (1 week left!) a remote worker so our contact was limited to a 30 minute Skype meeting once a month.  In that sense it was great because we just ran through the checklist of things to discuss and then we were out.

The only time it was awkward was when she personally came to visit my school and observe my classes.  ENFJs are very "reactive" and encouraging and it felt really weird to be like...nodding and commenting at students at the same time; we kept jinxing each other and even our movements and facial expressions were mirroring...we had smiles that kept growing progressively larger until my face started to hurt, etc.  Even consciously knowing that I was complicit in creating the feedback loop, it felt very difficult to turn it off.  I could tell she was exhausted at the end of the day too.  But other than that, we got along quite well and had some really fun conversations about travel etc.

You and another ESTP would prolly just whip your dicks out and throw beer on each other, so all together a rather good day at the office, I'd wager.Aw I'm sad I missed out :/Well I think it depends what you mean by 'cool'.

I think ENFJs are stereotypically likeable/popular (although that has definitely not always been how people received me!)  But 'cool' is more of an Se thing in my mind.  The difference between Jennifer Lawrence (ENFJ) and Angelina Jolie (ESTP), or Joe Biden (ENFJ) and Teddy Roosevelt (ESTP), or Martin Luther King Jr. (ENFJ) and Malcolm X (ESTP).omg, your list is so good!

why are you so great!Wanna switch for a week and report back? :DBuuuuut it's a lot harder for them to be happy with their success!  They tend to always want more/feel unfulfilled/find it difficult to stop and smell the roses.Two more for you!!

[Spencer Reid](https://youtu.be/u5dtxS50mFw) from Criminal Minds

[Hank](https://youtu.be/93PkC8P7kYM) from Parenthood

Also, omg, I love that Alice is an INTP, I never thought of that!Romantically, I would suggest INFP.  They'll engage your inferior, which is deeply rewarding, while also sharing an intuitive approach to life, and both of you can cover for each other's vulnerable functions without threatening them too much.

Second choice would be ISFP.  More comfortable but less challenging long-term (that can be good or bad depending on your goals).

INTP can be very difficult but also very rewarding.  ISTP is likely to be a lot of fun but maybe a bit heartbreaking.

IxxPs are best for ExxJs hands down, but if you want to go outside of that temperament, go for another ExxJ.  I really think rational (judging dominant) and irrational (perceiving dominant) relationships have serious problems over the long-term.  That's not to say you can't have very close and fulfilling relationships with people of those types - you absolutely can - but there are some insidious challenges that will arise if you entangle your lives together.Well, mostly 'cause Celebrity Types types her as one and I've found myself agreeing with almost all of their typings.

She's obviously a beta; I don't think there's any doubt about that.  All of her fashion, life choices, movie picks, everything are Ni/Se and Fe/Ti.

Check out [this interview](https://youtu.be/9brGMRJJKc8).  She's got a very intense and present gaze and responds very quickly without much planning, so I think it's safe to say she's an extrovert as well, narrowing it down to ENFJ and ESTP.

The reason I'd say she's ESTP is severalfold - even just from that interview, she is welcoming and engaging to the kids, but she barely smiles.  They're in very tight quarters there, and yet she commands her space very well and doesn't seem particularly uncomfortable (I would be scrunching my body up as small as possible and feeling very awkward).

All in all I think she's too intense and not quite warm enough to be ENFJ, but her Fe does still shine through.  I also think her Ni seems really well-developed in the inferior position - she uses it brilliantly as an assist for her Se - helping people understand the implications of the circumstances in a refugee camp - rather than repressing it like she did when she was younger (kissing her brother and talking about knife play lol).

Also compare [young Angelina](https://youtu.be/fNQUtGhQ-KI?t=53s) to [present-day Miley Cyrus](https://youtu.be/jkyyjMqdck4?t=22s).  I think you can find a lot of similarities there.Generally two people of the same type tend to share a lot of the same insecurities, pitfalls, sensitivities, and so on.  For example both ENTJs would have not only very low Fe, but also barely any Si, and may or may not end up living in filth (this would definitely be a problem with two ENFJs).  At least ENTJ x ESTJ can cover for each others' vulnerable functions.I really feel like ENFJs have an unfortunate tendency toward impression management, which means that our sub tends a little too much toward "look how loving and nice and kind and helpful we are!" and there's really not enough darkness, sarcasm, bitchiness, relaxed real talk, etc. to balance it out.  I wish we as a group were more open with the stuff inside us.  But it's taken me a long time to get as open as I am, and this is still something I struggle with, so I guess I can't blame them since most of them are probably younger than me. :/

What types are you between, OP?&gt; If there were multiple younger you's do you think it would pretty much be like the ENFJ sub?

Definitely.  There might be more hand-wringing about "Why is so-and-so acting this way?  What is the secret meaning??" thoughFor what it's worth, I get excited too whenever I see an ESFP :)  You guys are cool&gt; If people don't want me as I am then fuck them.

&lt;3Don't feel bad &lt;3 &lt;3  People hate what they don't understand!! :P

No but honestly I think it comes from the fact that a lot of people are INxJs with repressed inferior Se that they find attractive but threatening, and a lot are INxPs with vulnerable Se that they find both useless and are super sensitive about.  Not their fault; we all start by feeling this way about our inferior and vulnerable.  But how this manifests is that people who are strong with it (Se-doms) can seem scary and confusing.  It's easier to dump on them than to try to understand them.  But if you stick around, they'll come around. :)The ESFP guy I've known was just like /u/ThisWontDo describes - a super chill, laid-back, everything just rolled off his shoulders type.  Was always smiling, never took anything personally, and never seemed to mind that he was failing my class, no matter how much I lectured him :P  Then again, he never seemed to mind me lecturing him either haha.  I really miss him this year.  He had a really warm and relaxed vibe that put me at ease, and he was a really great conversationalist.  We had a lot of interesting conversations that flowed really easily, about topics I don't normally get to talk about (like meta-conversations about social connection and making friends, or discussions about how families impact individual development, etc.)

I had a female ESFP student who was very sweet, very exciteable, and loved it when I engaged her Ni.  She was very proud of herself when she 'figured things out' haha.  Unfortunately she developed a REALLY bad case of senioritis and was a pain in the ass to be around for most of last year.  Just...never participated, always had a sour look on her face, barely bothered to acknowledge me or talk to me...I thought she hated me personally until the other kids said she was like that in all her classes.  This year, she's an actual senior though, and she's not in my class...so now she comes to visit me all the time and is super bubbly and sweet again.  So I think she is just really over school lol.

Another female ESFP I know is my sister.  She's verrrry...status-oriented.  Constantly posting all over Facebook about her achievements, meeting celebrities, showing off her wealth, etc.  She was a 'bad girl' when she was young (petty crimes etc.) and now she's kind of a serial entrepreneur who makes a fortune and then blows it, over and over again.  I love her, and she was really there for me for about six months after a personal tragedy, but she is really...flaky, about staying in contact with people, and tbh I never really feel like she knows the real me or cares about me very much, deep down.  Like I feel like the only reason she would cry at my funeral is so that other people would see what a good sister she was.  I think at her core she's not really like that, but she's been playing the role for so long, I don't know if she'll ever change really.  That said, she's always been REALLY warm and loving whenever we do happen to be in the vicinity of each other - at least outwardly, which is maybe the only direction she has - and I'm one of the 'things' she likes to show off to her friends, so that's nice.  And she is amazing at building a gorgeous, comfy, cozy home, really going all out for the holidays...she threw me a gigantic sweet 16 party...I wish I could just enjoy that stuff more, because those kinds of things make me soooo happy, but I feel kind of wounded in my soul about our relationship and it makes it hard for me to just chill out and hang out with her tbh. :/

The last ESFP I know well is also a female.  She was my friend for about a year and a half; now we're just Facebook friends.  She was a 'party girl' who went out clubbing every weekend, but she is also a CRAZY over-achiever.  Like constantly moving, constantly doing something, never a dull moment.  She's had about 15 boyfriends since I've known her.  She models and she's been on TV several times as a kind of host/talk show thing and she does consulting for all kinds of high-powered companies etc.  I like her a lot as a person, and our conversations were always really engaging to me, but I had that same problem where I felt like she never actually cared about me or saw me for who I really was.  It was kind of exhausting, and the rest of the girls in her squad were just nasty bitches (immature INTJ and ESTJ who openly hated and mocked me, and an ISFP who just kind of floated around in the background but is actually a pretty cool person if you get her alone).  In the end, I stopped trying to make that connection work, which was really sad because I'd put so much effort into it...but yeah, to get them to like me I would have really had to just pretend to be something I'm not, and it's not worth it to me.  It makes me sad though because, like I said, I think she's a really cool person. :/Yes.  It will get better though.  Try Brene Brown's audiobook, The Power of Vulnerability.  It helped save me.I'm best with no coworkers at all probably. :D

Also, I'm a contract teacher (almost zero interaction with coworkers) so I don't really know how offices work. :?

But if I had to choose, ideal coworker squad:

* INTJ for vision
* INTP, ISTP, and ISFJ for solving problems and general design
* ESFJ and ESTP for interacting with public
* ISTJ, ENTJ, and motivated ESFP for getting shit done
* INFP, ISFP, ENFP, and ENTP for creative
* INFJ, ISFP, and compassionate ESTJ for HR

In this office, I would be the manager and liaison between the different departments.  The INTJ would tell me what they wanted, generally - give me a task to get done - and my job would be to relay that to the relevant departments, take note of the needs and issues each group was having, and communicate between them.  It would be SO GREAT because I wouldn't have to do anything myself, I'd just have to find the right person to solve any given problem.

"Hey ENFP, this logo looks like a penis.  How can we have the same general idea but less phallic looking?"

"Hey ISTP, the widget keeps sparking.  We need to fix that."

"Hey ESFJ, we need to throw a launch party in early November for Big Clients X, Y, and Z.  Can you take care of that?  ESFP has some connections to caterers and DJs that may be useful for you."

"Hey ESTJ, ENTP is aggressively hitting on ISFJ.  Could you talk to him about that for me?"

Oh my god the scenarios are just piling up in my mind.  It sounds like such a dream lolol.

Socially I would probably hang out with INTP, ISTP, ESTP, and INFJ the most.  Maybe INFP, ISFP, and ESFP too, depending on what subtype they fall under.NTP hahaOmg that sounds like hell on earth to me lol

I actually really like ENTPs but we manage to constantly offend each other somehow O_O

ETA: Also the ISTJ wouldn't need HR to mediate, they'd just shut that shit down :Pyou guys should date :3The definitions of J and P as "structured/ordered/scheduled" and "flexible/loose/adaptable" were made up by Meyers Briggs.  They are exclusive to her model and not relevant to socionics.

For clarity, I will use only MBTI type names in this post.

In socionics, a judging dominant (ExxJ and IxxP) is one whose primary mode of interacting with the world is proactive - i.e. analysis and judgment, led by a judging function (F or T).  They are decisive and implement their choices with intention.

A perceiving dominant (ExxP and IxxJ), on the other hand, is one whose primary mode of interacting with the world is reactive - i.e., observation, led by a perceiving function (N or S).  They resist taking definitive or binding action as much as possible.

Extroverts prefer to respond to the immediate environment.  So ExxJs make decisions quickly, proactively, and implement them right away.  ExxPs avoid making decisions and commitments for as long as possible, until forced to do so by external circumstances.

Introverts prefer to respond to internal cues.  IxxJs make up their minds fairly quickly about what they want, but avoid changing anything in the external environment, keeping the option to change their minds open, until they are forced to act on their decisions.  IxxPs wait as long as possible before making up their minds, gathering data, but once they do, they implement it right away.

To rephrase, both ExxJs and IxxPs take action as soon as possible after they've made a decision but ExxJs prefer to make decisions reflexively and IxxPs prefer to wait until they have all the information.  Both ExxPs and IxxJs avoid taking action as long as they can, but ExxPs do this by putting off the decision-making until they have no choice, and IxxJs do this by making decisions but keeping them private and flexible until the last moment.

How this works in practice is that both ExxJs and IxxJs both make decisions early and seem to be fairly "steady" - ExxJs are constantly affecting the environment and bending it to their will to achieve larger goals (proactive), and IxxJs maintain homeostasis as long as possible, generally making only subtle changes to 'correct course' (reactive).  This is where the Meyers-Briggs "judging" stereotype of being ordered, planning, etc. comes from.

ExxPs and IxxPs, on the other hand, are 'indecisive' in that they avoid making up their minds quickly, and prefer to "wait and see".  The difference is that ExxPs don't *want* to make up their minds, and only do so when they have to (reactive), whereas IxxPs do want to eventually make decisions and change things, but only when they feel they've analyzed the situation fully and gathered all the relevant information (proactive).&gt; j types take longer to form an opinion about something

You are claiming this is true for socionics Exxj's as well?&gt; They're the rarest type

The studies that make that claim have crap methodology (small/biased sample sizes, standardized testing, done for profit motives).  We barely have reliable ways to type people, let alone gather statistically significant data on the prevalence of these types in the general population.

&gt; Ni seems to be very focused on understanding, while Si uses the past as a guide. 

Both perceiving functions are focused on developing understanding using the past as a guide.  Si collects concrete information and patterns, whereas Ni collects and develops theoretical/metaphorical patterns.

&gt; This means that [Ni] is much more pragmatic

???  Pragmatism is generally associated with extroverted judging functions (Te and Fe) and Sensing functions.  If I had to order them, Ni would probably be the least pragmatic function lol.

&gt; Ni users seem to be more focused on why people think the way that they do than Si.

No, not at all.  Just different kinds of questions (general human traits vs. specific ones, for example, or philosophy rather than observation)* socionics doesn't 'test for' types
* I have middle-to-low conscientiousness due to vulnerable Si but I am a J - I am very decisive, proactive, efficient, and deliberate, but I am not thorough, careful, neat, or conforming in the slightest.
* my characterizations are my best understanding of what /u/DoctorMolotov has explained to me so you'll have to take it up with him (or him with me)
* How is my explanation for IxxJ Ji?Yes, I think so!I got:

Idealism: 2

Relativism: 3

What does that mean?Yeah,  don't believe in moral rules, just moral guidelines or suggestions haha.  Moral "things to consider".  But i don't think it's entirely relative either.I wouldn't do it because I don't think it's right to interfere with destiny or the natural course at that large of a scale.  Happiness is not the only thing that matters - I would argue that meaning and connections are more important.  "Peace" is tempting, but meaning and understanding are more valuable imo.

In terms of the actual question, which is, "Would you ever consent to let a baby be tortured in order to achieve some (to your mind) extremely worthwhile goal," then sure, why not.  I think evil by action and evil by inaction are basically moral equivalent (since there's no such thing, really, as 'inaction' - it's just a choice not to act, same as any other choice).  We all choose every day to allow millions of children, animal, and people to suffer and die fully preventable deaths.  What's the difference between torturing a baby to death and buying a latte instead of spending your money to feed a starving and suffering baby in the slums of another country somewhere?  To the baby, there is no difference.  We all have to come to terms with the enormous amount of evil and suffering we are directly or indirectly responsible for, and then we have three choices: sink into existential despair, numb ourselves with shiny distractions, or seek for a deeper meaning or purpose that drives us forward in spite of it.  So if I had the option of pursuing this deeper purpose, there are not many things I would not sacrifice.

I wouldn't do it if it were my baby or a baby I cared about, I wouldn't do it if the result wasn't meaningful enough to me, and I would struggle to do it if I had to directly torture the baby myself (although I'd still do that if the results were important enough to me, but it would have to be much better than just giving a verbal order to someone or something).&gt; I'm curious: do you really think that there is anyone who would be willing to torture the baby to death for the benefit of the humanity, but would choose to not do it because of something as comparatively inconsequential as social standing or personal benefit?

If I knew that everyone would see me as a "baby-torturer", but I would never be able to explain myself to anyone, then I would not do it.  I'm not strong enough to withstand that kind of social ostracization; it would ruin my life, and at that point, why even bother to make the world a better place at all, since I'd never be able to enjoy it?It's not about what you'd "really" do; it's an invitation to discuss the relative merits of various value systems and philosophical concepts.  You have to have discussions about things like this before they're relevant to discern some kind of fundamental principles to guide moral action.  It's an Fi thing.  It's just like discussing theoretical but fantastical science fiction premises to prepare for a time when science has caught up and those debates somehow become relevant to the world at present.

ETA: I was going to say that these kinds of Fi debates and discussions are more relevant to private contemplation and our personal lives than the results of Ti debates, which are more applicable universally, but then I realized that I likely feel that way because Fi is my ignoring function and it's typical for people to feel that that function is best used when kept private and hidden from view, so.  Who knows.This is really pretty.::shrugs:: it's absolutely gorgeously written, with really visceral and heart-wrenching metaphors, and it describes a fundamental truth about our shared humanity. To me there's not much that is more beautiful than that.Can't that complaint be extended to most any ethical thought experiment?  Lacking ecological validity doesn't make the discussion irrelevant.&gt; I always appreciate your point of view

:*!!!!Katniss from The Hunger Games is ISTP, and I think the author who wrote her might be too.  People complained that the book was too devoid of emotion and flowery descriptions lol, but I think that's what makes it so perfect - it's really realistic for how a character like that would experience that type of situation.Just to keep ego in check:

Sometimes strategy involves knowing your opponent's mindset, what they want, what they need...being able to make someone feel happy and included is very useful in getting what you want from them. :3Well they're usually not quite so traumatized as she is of course lol.  But yeah, I really like her a lot.

Other ISTPs are Lara Croft, Daryl from The Walking Dead, and Karl Pilkington (he was on the TV show An Idiot Abroad, so much fun).What about fiction where the protagonist is the same type as the author?It's a pretty great match, actually.  I'd say only ISTJ-ENFP is better.

People do really well with those whose dominant function is their inferior and vice versa.Te-doms are ideal matches for Fi-doms and vice versa.Ha!  You just like it because it puts you with INFJ!

I agree, though, I think it's great.  I would tweak it a bit though:

* I think for perceiving doms (ExxP and IxxJ), the dual is the best match.  So ESTP &amp; INFJ, ENFP &amp; ISTJ, etc.  However, for judging doms (ExxJ and IxxP), I think the semi-dual is generally the best match.  So ENFJ &amp; INTP, ESTJ &amp; ISFP, etc.
* Temperament outweighs functions imo.  So ExxP is almost always better with (preferably) IxxJ or ExxP, no matter the middle letters, than they would be with ExxJ or IxxP.
* After temperament matches, function matches become more important.

So imo the ideal order for ESTP would be something like:

INFJ &gt; INTJ &gt; ISFJ &gt; ISTJ &gt; ESFP &gt; ENTP &gt; ESTP (identity pairs can be hard) &gt; ENFP &gt; ENFJ or ISTP &gt; ENTJ or ISFP &gt; ESFJ or INTP &gt; ESTJ or INFP&gt; ISTJs are supposed to be my second best match and they are my least favorite of all the types.

This indicates that you still have some work to do on developing your inferior function.  Starting in young adulthood, we find ourselves more and more drawn to those who are strong in this function because they represent the inner drive we have to develop as a more complete and well-rounded person.  Feeling aversion to those who perform Si well (as a general group, not specific individuals) indicates that you are repressing or rejecting Si, which is normal when we are younger but is something we should start to grow out of beginning in our early-to-mid-20s, approximately.

Regardless of your age, I encourage you to try to find an Si-dom or two that you can get along with and see what you can learn from them.  You might be surprised at how well you get along once you get past the initial aversion.  Remember that they will have the same draw toward their inferior Ne, and that being around you will be pleasurable and beneficial for them as well.&gt; I avoid the top three on this list like the plague

This indicates that you're suppressing Fe, which is normal in your teens but is something you can really benefit from pushing yourself to overcome at some point as you get older.  Our inferior function represents one of our greatest opportunities for development and well-roundedness as we age.&gt; Oh, so this is the source of that ENTJ should go for Fi doms non sense.

Um, no, that's based on socionics and the concepts of duality.

Why does it make you so angry?  Even if you disagree with the rationale behind it (which you don't seem to have taken time to analyze or study seeing as you didn't know its source), what's with the 'horror' and 'nonsense' labels?I would say the biggest thing that makes me feel like an extrovert is that I don't seem to have a filter between myself and the outside world the way introverts do - I primarily react directly to external stimulus, and am directly affected by it, without it passing through a layer of cognition first.  I generally have a quicker reaction time, both physically and mentally, to novel stimuli, and it's much easier for me to quickly form communication and transmit my thoughts spontaneously.  The downside of this is that I find it hard to run my thoughts or actions through an internal verification process before I share them with the outside world, so I'm much more likely to do something I regret later once I've had time to process the ramifications.  Additionally I struggle to form conclusions or feel certain about anything unless I've verified it externally - either through some kind of real world experience or by gathering others' opinions.  I also get bored really easily when I'm alone with my thoughts, because they don't really seem to go anywhere interesting without some kind of external framework or stimulus to "climb on".

ETA: I was scared to read the comments to this thread because of how much misunderstanding there is of this dichotomy, but I was pleasantly surprised by how relevant and helpful most of them were!  Good job r/mbti I love you &lt;3I think it really depends too much on the individual to say this.

Haven't you ever met those ENTJs that find it almost painful to speak in social situations?  And there are plenty of very shy ExFx's as well.What you're describing sounds to me either like extroversion or like some sort of attention or sensory processing disorder.

This one quality aside, what makes you confident that you're an introvert?I actually disagree.  I think rationals (j-doms) do better with semi-duals (keep the N or S, basically), but irrationals (p-doms) do well with pure duals.

ENTP and INFJ work well as far as temperament goes, but it can be a struggle when your partners' dominant function is your ignoring function, and vice versa, the reason being that people often find their ignoring function somewhat embarrassing and best explored in private.  Although it's true that we're drawn to it - and I don't mean to suggest that these relationships can't be fulfilling or beneficial in their own right - I don't think it's as important of a function for us to develop as our inferior, in the long run.The theory itself is complex and I'm not going to take the time to type it all out.  It has to do with the [anima](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anima_and_animus), the draw people feel toward their inferior function as representing a sense of 'wholeness' in the psyche, and the purpose and benefits of relationships.

[Here](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/intertype_relationships/Dual) and [Here](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/138-Making-Duality-Work-Meged) are some great places to start to get more information.

Your experience is valuable, but it may not be teaching you what you think it is.  Conflicts between duals and semi-duals (Te-doms and Fi-doms for example) often stem from the fact that we repress our inferior function in our teenage years and resist appeals to it.  This is necessary in order to develop our dominant function more completely, but becomes unhealthy if we cling to that too long.  At some point we need to find the balance and become more comfortable with using our inferior functions, but it is very difficult and tiring to do this consciously.  Having close relationships with people who use those functions effortlessly brings out the best in us and helps us to grow and develop as a person.  Avoiding or rejecting those people or the functions they represent can be damaging to our psyche long-term.

&gt; Do you have a reasoning behind why Te doms and Fi doms are Ideal couples? Or some sort of proof of existence? Some directly provable idea on reality that I have missed? If socionics is that, then sell socionics to me. Otherwise, don't bring up socionics.
Till you do that, I will stick by my own observations and reasoning.

So it's okay for you to go around telling people Te/Fi couples are shit based on *your personal* observation and reasoning, ungrounded in any accepted theory and with no supporting evidence, but when other people do it it's "horror" and "nonsense", and we have to sell you on a popular and well-regarded theory before you'll even consent to educate yourself about it?

&gt; I don't see the need to find out more about that theory till I actually buy that it's conclusions are accurate and socionics is sound.

This is maddening, you recognize that, right?  "I refuse to learn about something unless I am already convinced it is true."  That's a very convenient justification for ignorance.  Why not study it and *then* evaluate it - make sure you understand it before you decide whether it's true or not?

ETA: I apologize if I'm being a bit harsh.  This is a trap I've often fallen into as well - rejecting something before I've understood it because it conflicts with what I already believe (I actually did it with socionics at first too) - and often the things we dislike most about others are those that are also apparent in ourselves.  It is not personal at all.&gt; I'm not comfortable with the idea of Ti-Te being divided as it is. As it stands, from my grasp of what they are, it's ridiculously difficult to do one without significant use of the other, especially the way NT types like to think. Multiple angles. Repeated questioning. Better understanding. Connected ideas. Bigger picture. I question it all the time, as different things require more use of one over the other... I engage in Ti type activity a lot. I engage in Te type activity a lot.

This actually makes sense, as Ti is your ignoring function - which means it has a very powerful and active place in your mind, but primarily operates in your subconscious.

If you want to see what Te looks like without Ti, check out xxFPs.  For Ti without Te, look at xxFJs.  I would argue that IxFJ reasoning is the most pure Ti, whereas ExFP reasoning is the most pure Te, due to having Thinking as their tertiary and the opposite function attitude as their vulnerable function.  All T-dom and -aux have fairly easy use of both Te and Ti.J-doms refer to people whose dominant function is a judging one (T or F).  So IxxPs and ExxJs.

So a dual means that all four functions are the same, but in the opposite order.  So for INFP (Fi-Ne-Si-Te), their dual is ESTJ (Te-Si-Ne-Fi).  I think these relationships can also be very good and fulfilling.

Semi-dual means that your dominant and inferior function are swapped, and your middle two functions are the same but of the opposing function attitude.  The semi-dual for an INFP would be ENTJ (Te-Ni-Se-Fi), and I think they can be even better because they stretch us more and allow us to play with our tertiary functions more freely.This is so cool!!!!!!

ahhh!

When I took it I felt bad because all the people who commented seemed to do as well as I did, so I felt like I wasn't special.  I guess those who didn't do well were less likely to comment. :3

ENFJ master race &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3  Also here's to that one female ESTJ, you can come too. :)Awwww this is a very sweet INTP-ish site.  I like it a lot.

I treat children exactly the same way I treat adults: by being genuine and relaxed, by being serious when appropriate and joking around when I can, by gauging their understanding of a subject and adjusting my language and content to n+1 (their understanding plus a little bit more), by having clear boundaries about what I will and won't tolerate from someone else, etc.

I cutesy-talk kids occasionally, but only to the extent that I also do this with adults I'm close to ("Oh my god your dress is soooo cute!!!  You look so pretty I could eat you up!") and I only do it if the kids (or adults) seem to enjoy it.  But I absolutely intend to use as full a vocabulary I can from the moment my children are born, as well as read whatever books and blogs I'm reading out loud to them, etc.

I also reeeeeeeeeeally hate it when parents are indulgent or overly controlling toward their kids.  But this is where you have to start making judgment calls, because a two-year-old really does need you to help them put on their shoes or cut their meat, whereas a six year old is pushing it.  Similarly, it's okay to take a toddler's toy away and put them in time out when they're smashing it on the ground, but there are probably better ways to handle it with a 15-year-old.  The goal is to move away from indulgence and coercion and towards being able to treat the child as a full person with their own capabilities and preferences.

ETA: Some of the articles and comments on that site though...eeesh.&gt; We're all here to make you feel special and important

Thank you :) :)  I really love you guys.&gt; 1 out of 4 people are intuitives

Honestly, I don't think this is a fact.  I would go so far as to estimate that it's about 50/50.No one knows whether it's genetic or not.  We only have theories and hypotheses.Feeling seems intuitive to you because it's your inferior function and it's difficult for you to use it consciously.  It's not an inherently intuitive function for me - I can very easily explain to you *why* things are right/wrong or good/bad etc., as can most any F-type.  The difficulty in communication you perceive may be somewhat akin to the difficulty you may have experienced when trying to explain a Ti concept to someone with low or unvalued Ti - the issue is not the clarity or complexity of the content itself, but the relative familiarity and comfort of both parties in the discussion.I think this may be the first time you've ever agreed with me.

I feel myself overflowing with warm fuzzies. :3And I yours. :*

Honestly I had like...a mini-realization the other day.  I can't remember what brought it on...I think I was browsing r/neckbeardnests or something, and something made me realize how extraordinarily privileged I am to be in a really comfortable and happy place in my life right now, with a lot of hope and things to look forward to and people who love me.  The internet for me is just a hangout, something to stimulate my mind and pass the time with.  But there are people out there for whom this is their only escape.  Serious mental or physical health issues, toxic family or work environments, people who are in unhappy relationships or who have no meaningful relationships at all, people who have been mistreated and developed a really coarse outer shell to cope.  And then here I was, on my high horse, lecturing these people on how to behave and lashing out whenever they wounded my fragile pride.  We all have our own issues to deal with, and we all feel really justified in defending our territory...there are people who find me threatening or distasteful for whatever reason, almost always due to external circumstances that have little to nothing to do with me.  I'm not going to heap even more shit onto them by being reactive or cruel in return.  That's not who I want to be, and I don't "win" anything by doing that.  So I've decided - and we'll see how long this lasts - to try practicing more love and empathy and to remove myself a bit from people's words and attitudes, to try to introject them less and instead just observe and collect them as discrete pieces of information, detached from immediate emotion and context.

Wish me luck. O_O[\^_^](https://media.giphy.com/media/oep5H2rq394mQ/giphy.gif)[&lt;3](https://media.giphy.com/media/Lb3vIJjaSIQWA/giphy.gif)An INTP isolating and consciously using Se, especially for an extended period of time, is essentially impossible unfortunately. :/  You may be conflating "trying to focus on the present" with using Se or something.  Not to say that you couldn't have used Se at all - we all do, to some extent, all the time - but it's really not something you have conscious control of.Even if they're just unhealthy or misguided, there are people who have gone so far in the wrong direction that there isn't enough time or effort available to redirect their course, and that's even *if* they want to get better (and usually by the time they're that far gone, they don't).  People like that are kind of...black holes for empathy or compassion.  It doesn't matter how patient you are, how careful, how skilled...they will never get better enough to justify the effort - and often our effort ends up being counter-productive, because they lash out at those who try to help, and end up decreasing our emotional reserves not only passively (by being helped) but actively (by demoralizing or fighting against us).

In situations like this, you have to do a cost-benefit analysis, and realize that the effort you put into trying to maintain a relationship with this person might be better spent helping ten other people who really want it.

For a less severe example - as a teacher, there's a limit to how much effort I'm willing to expend to help any individual student.  When a kid has made it very clear that they're unable or unwilling to learn, my attention has to shift into minimizing the disruption they cause to other students rather than helping them achieve their full potential.  This sounds odious to a lot of non-teachers, but at some point you have to realize that pouring all of your energy and attention into one or two problem students is sapping your resources for the remaining 30 or however many.  You have to get good at discerning where your skills can come in helpful (I'm actually pretty good at handling bullies or snotty children) and where you're best off cutting your losses and just trying to be as loving as you can without investing too much active effort (I really struggle with demoralized students who just sleep/daydream/refuse to do work...trying to reason with or cajole them often seems to backfire...so ultimately I have to just let them go and let them manage their own lives.)

Now that I'm "retired" and only doing private tutoring, I've vowed to never again accept a student who didn't want to learn.  Sure I could spend a ton of effort trying to motivate them, but with the same amount of effort I could teach five kids who really *wanted* to learn - and in the end that has a bigger net positive on both me and the world.

That said, I think we should always keep an eye out for the 'diamond in the rough' - someone whom the world has given up on, who has a spark of hope and fight in their eyes...maybe after being alone for so long, they've found their inner fire and just need a push to get moving.  Sometimes these can be the most fulfilling people to work with.  But it takes a keen eye and a lot of experience to find them.

...sorry I don't know why I wrote this crazy essay lol::blush::::hides under piles of blankets:: ^^thank ^^youInspired by [this article](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/216-Art-Movements-by-Quadra), I collected examples from all of the artists and genres mentioned for alphas (ENTP, ESFJ, INTP, ISFJ) and made one huge photo dump.  I'll be making ones for the other quadras soon.

I hope you enjoy!  And if you're an alpha artist or know someone who is, feel free to share some of your works as well. :)Thank you!  Yeah, to be honest, there's a LOT of it I don't like either. I think the stuff I do like tends to be more Fe/Ti - Monet, Van Gogh, Degas, Escher. I do also like pop art sometimes though, which strikes me as quite Si.Inspired by [this article](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/216-Art-Movements-by-Quadra), I collected examples from all of the artists and genres mentioned for betas (ENFJ, ESTP, INFJ, ISTP) and made one huge photo dump. I have already made one for the alphas, and I'll be making ones for the other quadras soon. I hope you enjoy! And if you're a beta artist or know someone who is, feel free to share some of your works as well. :)But that's Ne.

You have to understand.  When Ni is strong, it's not just a "hunch".  It's plain as day, standing right in front of you.  You *cannot* just write it off as speculation and not take it seriously.  That's not what it is.  What you *can* do is learn to keep in mind that sometimes your mind plays tricks on you, and to not believe anything for sure, no matter how obvious it seems.

Imagine it as a physical sense, like...you know how you can feel when someone is touching you or a bug is crawling on you or something?  And you instinctively jump or turn or swat it away.  Nine times out of ten, there is really something there.  But occasionally, you just feel crawly because you were reading a creepy story, or what you mistook for a bug was actually just a part of your shirt or whatever.

It's not useful to tell people, "Whenever you feel something crawling on you, don't take it so seriously.  Acknowledge that it's just speculation."  They're not going to relate to that - it's not just theoretical, I can **feel** it.  But if you tell them, "Sometimes it feels like something is crawling on you, but there's actually nothing there, so you should check before you freak out," that might actually have some effect on their behavior with enough practice.

ETA: Also, the fact that some people have mental disorders or substance abuse issues that make them feel like things are crawling on them other time doesn't invalidate everyone else's ability to feel crawling things.  What I mean by this is, just because there are people who mis- or overuse Ni doesn't mean that it's usually wrong or jumping the gun.  You only notice it, most of the time, when it is.  The majority of the time, Ni works appropriately and people act in normal and well-adjusted ways based on its input.Well, but what's a "beta aesthetic"?  Stereotypically we've got dark and moody Edgar Allen Poe type stuff, and then wild provocative Miley Cyrus type stuff.  But I think that's overgeneralizing it.  I think most of these pictures you can easily fit into a category like "Se-Ti" or "Ni-Fe" or "Se-Fe" or "Ni-Ti".

I suspect the gamma art will probably have dramatic messages as well.  I'm interested to compare it and see what's similar and different.You know it's funny, I actually thought I hated Picasso until I went through his work for this.  I still don't like the "nose on the side of the head" thing but some of his other stuff is fantastic.Wouldn't that have more to do with Pi vs. Pe?  It seems ESTP artists would have a much less cohesive message than INFJ ones for example.Hey dude, chill out a bit.Oh!  I have some pictures of a couple apartments I've had! :)

[one](http://66.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m84s8gM2yN1qepcit.jpg)

[battlestation](http://67.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m84s8wNBT01qepcit.jpg)

[two](http://66.media.tumblr.com/22229e20e47d161376adb7b8e18faf37/tumblr_n7xf01jd3S1qf1mngo2_1280.png)

[before cleaning](http://68.media.tumblr.com/2eaadc6a24c5e8013347862e8b45fa70/tumblr_n7xf01jd3S1qf1mngo3_1280.png) (my living space regularly descends into neckbeard-nest-territory and then I do big clean sweeps)

[after](http://66.media.tumblr.com/bcce1d692c62f01b4f0ccbfaa6d03a20/tumblr_n7xf01jd3S1qf1mngo4_1280.png)

[lame bathroom](http://66.media.tumblr.com/399ac5e2b5529c5cdfa2f76831593bef/tumblr_n7xf01jd3S1qf1mngo6_1280.png)

[curtains I had commissioned](http://anoceanofstarlight.tumblr.com/post/46840267841/im-finding-it-difficult-to-express-in-words-how)

[rug masterpost](http://anoceanofstarlight.tumblr.com/post/42348183232/i-got-rugs)

[dream home](http://anoceanofstarlight.tumblr.com/post/98053662192/what-ive-been-doing-all-day)

[I even drew a shitty floorplan](http://anoceanofstarlight.tumblr.com/post/37546203485/dream-house)Inspired by [this article](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/216-Art-Movements-by-Quadra), I collected examples from all of the artists and genres mentioned for deltas (ENFP, ESTJ, INFP, ISTJ) and made one huge photo dump. I have already made one for the alphas and the betas, and I'll be making ones for the gammas soon. I hope you enjoy! And if you're a delta artist or know someone who is, feel free to share some of your works as well. :)These are all Paula Rego FYI.  I looked up [an interview](https://youtu.be/DDndSgmhLlQ?t=35s) to see if I could type her but she is weird as fuck so who knows...I mean I guess the pictures might have been a clue for that lol

Hmmm...[ISTJ](https://youtu.be/czLxUoanKOA) maybe?Well, alpha is also Ne.  And scenery definitely does not solely equal delta; all types can paint scenery lol.  But I'm not sure exactly why the article chose impressionism for alpha...maybe it's because the emotions are more based on a single scene (Fe) rather than connected to a larger theme (Fi)?You're welcome!  I saved gamma for last because I bet it's gonna be fun. :D

It's interesting because I actually found myself kind of disappointed by the beta album.  I thought most of the paintings were 'okay' or 'good' or 'really nice', but some of my favorites were in alpha or delta (and the ones I didn't like in those albums, I extra disliked).  Maybe we're drawn to art that has kind of an element of mystery or novelty to it - when it's too relatable, it becomes mundane?

As far as the artists you know, there are two things to consider...one is that these genres and artists in each album are based on one person's opinion and typing, and I don't know anything about the person who categorized them, so I can't say how accurate they are (although I think they did quite a good job, as a whole).  The second is that just because a particular style is inspired by or naturally suited to a particular type, doesn't mean that other types can't draw inspiration from those styles or artists.  For example heavy metal I would say tends toward being a beta genre, but my ISFJ ex really digs into the Si of it - cleaning and detailing his guitars until they shine, watching lots of documentaries about classic bands, collecting CDs and posters and T-shirts and ordering and displaying them, etc.Oh wow, that artist is fantastic!!  It definitely has an NTJ vibe to it for me.  Wow, that's cool how well it matches the tone of beta stuff with the content of delta stuff.  I'm actually kind of in awe right now.

And no, not sarcastic at all :D  I'm starting to love gammas more the more I understand them.  For some reason they've been the hardest for me to wrap my head around.  I really enjoy diving into different types and exploring them more in depth.Inspired by [this article](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/216-Art-Movements-by-Quadra), I collected examples from all of the artists and genres mentioned for gammas (ENTJ, ESFP, INTJ, ISFP) and made one huge photo dump. I have already made one for the other quadras as well. I hope you enjoy! And if you're a gamma artist or know someone who is, feel free to share some of your works as well. :)[delta](http://imgur.com/a/QS6HS)

[beta](http://imgur.com/a/zAEWW)

[alpha](http://imgur.com/a/zzJDA)

You'll have to check my post history for the reddit threads; I'm not sure if I should np link or what &gt;_&lt;Your sister is an incredible artist!These are really really nice, both your sister's art and your photo.  I love the feeling they give me.

I feel like I want to live in that photo.  How can a skyscraper feel so inviting??I would say your functions are quite consistent with INTP.

Your demonstrative function (opposite attitude of your auxiliary - Ni for an INTP) is actually the most visible to others, along with your dominant function.  You make very easy use of it but don't value it at all.  For an INTP, Se would be the most difficult function to use as it's your vulnerable (opposite attitude of your tertiary).Thank you so much for your response!  Gammas were the quadra I had the least information about, and your thoughts were really helpful!

What would it entail for you, if we were able to say that Trump had become one of the great presidents?Wow!  I'm really surprised by that.  You're the first pro-Trump delta I've seen.  Most of them are melting down lol.

If you have time, I'd love to hear your thought process/reasoning/hopes/fears/etc.I don't even know how to answer this because I don't know what else to compare it to.

I am constantly hyperconscious of the people around me.  I cannot ignore people's moods, what they're paying attention to, their expressions, what they're saying and doing.  I find it nearly impossible to work on things like chores around other people because those kinds of Si tasks require all of my attention, but the people around me automatically take up a lot of it.  So I find myself being very productive in private, and mostly sitting around barking orders when I'm with others lol.

I agree with /u/lawdoodette that I'm constantly categorizing everything.  Everything and everyone has a set of identifiable traits that lump them into a variety of categories and groups based on the issue at hand.  It's not reductive, in the sense that a person may have the trait of "class clown" that is very relevant to consider in certain circumstances, but irrelevant in others, where their "tender soul" trait comes to the fore, and so on.  I think the way ENFJs talk about other people can make some, especially high Fi users, feel that we're reducing people to one or two superficial traits, but the truth is that we see a multitude of traits, and work with them deftly and in the appropriate situation the way a handyman uses a hammer differently depending on the task he's completing, but the fact that he's currently using it to bang a nail doesn't mean that he's unaware of its other potential uses (qualities).

I tend to believe that everyone has a good reason to feel or believe what they do, and I'm interested in uncovering it.  I have my own opinions about what's right, true, and important, and I seek to elevate them by incorporating others' truths into them as much as possible, particularly whenever there's a way to bridge the gap between two groups of people who misunderstand each other.  Politically the world right now is a nightmare.  I feel like I'm the only person who totally gets where both the PC SJWs and the ultra-nationalist alt right people are coming from.  Like I'm the only one who can viscerally understand the mood of Clinton, Trump, and Sanders supporters, all in one go.  And I see everyone shouting past each other because they are so myopic and seemingly find it totally impossible to find common ground or relate to each other.  It's really disheartening and frustrating.  I don't want to bring people together because I think "everyone is right" or something - I have my own opinions about what is right and wrong, important and irrelevant - but rather because it's so fucking stupid to keep shouting back and forth in these pre-scripted, black-and-white talking points that succeed at changing literally zero people's minds.  It's such a waste of energy and passion that could be used toward actually changing things for the better instead of just yelling and demonizing each other.

::retreats into wish-fulfillment sci-fi::My INTP has the most beautiful, pure, genuine love I've ever seen in my life.  True unconditional love, acceptance, commitment, affection, and wisdom too.  Unblemished and confident.

He thinks it's because I'm special but really it's something in him.  It makes the [whole world seem brighter](https://youtu.be/pvI9PuGorwI?t=13s) to me.&gt; situations and places and people and things ARE beautiful

You're describing Se+Fe here.  It works differently for SFJs.I'm pretty sure he's ENTP.  Did you see his tongue thing?  Way too goofy to have Se.It's really accurate for NFJ's I'd say!I think it may be a combination of Ti and Ne/Si actually...Si for knowing your own location, and Ne for understanding where other things COULD be...and then Ti for judging and logically analyzing things.  If you don't have one, you could potentially lean on the other two, but if you're missing two I imagine it would be quite difficult.

What brought this all on was Cenk Uygur, who I'm sure is an ESTP, saying that he has TERRIBLE spatial awareness in terms of driving...he said he's run into at least 20 parked cars.  And I thought, how could that be possible if he has Se?  But driving is often not just about noticing what's around you (Se), but also having a sense of where you are (Si) and where other things *could* be (Ne).  Having ignoring Si and role Ne might actually make it pretty difficult.  Then again, he could just have some disability, or he could just not try very hard with driving lolol.  I'm struggling to figure it out.

I think the test may have been too easy actually.  It seems like the time it takes to complete it varies, but the only respondent who did poorly was an ISFP :/  That does kind of fit with my theory though maybe - they have Si but very little Ti or Ne.  I dunno.Me?  I'm ENFJ. :)Hahaha.  I think he was just trying to make the point that the other candidates were so ridiculous, he could be even more ridiculous and gain votes.  When I heard about it, I cringed, but when I saw it I thought it was actually kind of cute haha.Definitely!

Well, kitty, to be precise.Lots, according to socionics!  Specifically, temperament:

They are both [static](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/dichotomies/r2t1):

&gt; * Perceive events in an episodic manner - Things are generally unchanging, and when they do change, it's all at once - discrete states rather than continuous changes.
&gt; * More inclined to say how stages A, B and C **are** rather than analyze the events within each stage that led to the next stage or were caused by the previous stage
&gt; * More often describe events in a general manner and by comparing them to other similar events, rather than using specific and concrete language about the individual event itself
&gt; * More inclined to talk of properties and structures of reality.  Less likely to talk about movements and interactions of reality.
&gt; * The personal stories of statics usually involve one constant main character rather than multiple main character.

They are also both [rational](http://wikisocion.org/~wikisoci/en/index.php?title=Rationality_and_irrationality):

&gt; * Tend to plan ahead, make decisions early rather than "waiting and seeing", less spontaneous
&gt; * Are more often rigid and stubborn, less likely to be flexible and tolerant (the areas in which this is true/noticeable will vary based on type)
&gt; * Do not like to change their decisions.
&gt; * Tend to finish what they started.
&gt; * Usually have stiff movements.
&gt; * Usually more 'authoritarian' leadership style as opposed to a democratic one
&gt; * Low stress tolerance.

Overall [temperament of an IxxP](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/118-Temperaments) (I've 'translated' this passage from socionics terminology):

&gt; The IxxP temperament, or balanced-stable temperament, was identified by Viktor Gulenko and includes the four rational introverts (one in each quadra): INTP, ISTP, INFP, and ISFP. Each of these types is also static.

&gt; Typical characteristics:

&gt; * calm, balanced and inert
&gt; * "unflappable"
&gt; * rigid but not very fast gait
&gt; * may appear passive-aggressive
&gt; * usually very stable mood
&gt; * more reactive than active
&gt; * little inclination to fidget during long periods of inactivity
&gt; * IxxPs are both static and rational, so they see reality as mostly not changing and when it does, it's in abrupt "leaps" from one state to another. An IxxP draws inner stability from a stable reality, especially as seen through his leading function. That makes him confident that things will probably remain as they are despite what he sees as minor disturbances; periods of clear upheaval are very disturbing and the individual is anxious that things will "settle down" one way or the other soon enough.
&gt; 
&gt; As introverts, IxxPs tend to be calm and relaxed about initiating relationships with other people, mostly assuming that others will take the initiative, but will be more inclined to try to make sure a relationship is maintained once established.
&gt; 
&gt; Perception of other temperaments:
&gt; ExxP: IxxPs see ExxPs as unreliable, and too unpredictable in their impulses and initiatives.
&gt; ExxJ: IxxPs see ExxJs as pleasantly energetic and willing to take the initiative and get things going in a balanced, constant way.
&gt; IxxJ: IxxPs see IxxJs as unreliable and unwilling to take any initiative, with too low levels of energy.

Alternate temperament explanation:

&gt; Energy Exchange: They always try to conserve energy and keep it for activities that are objectively necessary. They are afraid of excess activity and non-productive exhaustion of their strength. These are the most energy-saving and sensible people. They look restrained and calm and they distance themselves from the meaningless things that happen around them. They are meticulous, and they dislike doing anything differently from the usual pattern. They are very static and inert, but also very steady and they always finish what they started. They can not adapt in rapidly changing and extreme situations. They quickly lose their working capacity and they get ill very often.
&gt; 
&gt; Recommended sports: Yoga and similar healing slow sports, running marathons, etc.
&gt; 
&gt; Emotions and behavior: At first glance, they seem to have no emotions at all because they are just so good at controlling their emotions. Actually they are just waiting for the right moment to let the emotions out to the right people. They can hold on to emotions for a very long time, which is what makes them the most likely to have accumulated stress. This means that they can get stress because they have been gathering emotions, but haven’t been expressing them. They might have random emotional outbursts. The rage of an IxxP type is very scary, because he can collect insults for months or even for years. Their behavior is very consistent and predictable. Their actions don’t depend on the changes in the environment, they have their own rigid firm moral and practical norms. When there are conflicts between their norms and the reality, they get nervous and they start bottling up bad emotions. They need activities that amuse/entertain them and give them emotional and physical relaxation.

If you want to dive even deeper, there are other things they have in common, specifically with spin and charge.  For example, they both have [Left Negativist Static PoLRs](https://www.reddit.com/r/JungianTypology/comments/5bcopn/the_four_vulnerable_functions/).  What this means is that ISFP's vulnerable Ne and INTP's vulnerable Se affects them in similar ways:

&gt; Tries to ignore their vulnerable as much as possible. They seem oblivious or unconcerned with their flaws in this area, even thinking that they are better off without this element in most cases. When their vulnerable does come out, however, it manifests in highly aggressive and destructive outbursts that they often come to regret later.

[cont.][cont.]

Finally, as a personal anecdote, I tend to view both ISFPs and INTPs as soft, non-threatening, gentle, and daydreamy, where I see ISTPs and INFPs as firm, somewhat threatening, resolute, and "plugged in".  This doesn't make sense according to function theory alone, and is not often present in type descriptions, so I believe that it's a real phenomenon but one that manifests in this particular way mostly due to the type I am and the way I perceive them.  I suspect this is also related to their cognition styles (intertwined with the above) - they both use [holographical-panoramic cognition](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Gulenko_Cognitive_Styles#Holographical-Panoramic_Cognition) (analytic, negative, and inductive):

&gt; As Statics, Holographers attain reliable precision of thought. As Negativists they periodically turn the object of thought to its opposite side. As Involutionary types, they sporadically change the angle of examination or criterion of judgment.

&gt; **Intellectual Sphere:** This cognitive style has much in common with the holographic principle in physics. A hologram (optical) is a statistically recorded interference pattern made by two beams of light which are transmitted and reflected from a single source. Holographic technology allows us to obtain a three-dimensional image of an object. The hologram itself is an aggregation of stripes and spots exactly resembling the embedded object. The two beams of light are superimposed in such a way that every part of the hologram carries information about the whole.
In this way, by mentally superimposing multiple projections of the same object, Holographists reach a holistic view. To do this, they look at the image and select a desired angle of examination. Holographic cognition often utilizes the grammatical conjunctives: "or-or", "either-or", "on the one hand, on the other hand". It actively uses the principle of perspective; unrestricted choice in point of view. The holographic approach is a progressive approximation towards the purpose, or away from it, accompanied by changes of perspective. The holographic process is carried out as if calibrating focus.

&gt; Holographic cognition has a characteristic penetrating, skeletal-revealing, 'x-ray' nature. It unhesitatingly cuts away details and nuances, giving a coarsely generalized representation of the subject. Take for example the two orthogonal cross-sections of a cylinder: the horizontal section looks like a circle, and the vertical section looks like a rectangle. Two different perspectives of an indivisible whole which, when superimposed in the mind, produces transition to a higher level of understanding about the object.

&gt; ESTPs think this way in battle. Analyzing the situation, they simplify it to two or three facets (frontal, flank, and/or rear), but then quickly go to a higher tier of understanding. INTPs grasp the problem from opposite sides, mentally rotating the situation in three dimensions around its semantic axes. ISFPs first draw near to a person, then move away, seeming to probe the individual from all sides, cutting off those who could let them down. ENFPs detect the possible hidden motivations of a person, as if building their psychological 'hologram'.

&gt; The main advantages of Holographic cognition are as follows. First, it is multi-perspective. As already stated, because of this it attains a dimensionally holistic and complete depiction. Second, it values simplicity and clarity, avoids pretentiousness, and forgoes 'bells and whistles'. Holographists are particularly effective in crisis situations, when it is necessary to make decisions quickly, and there is no time to weigh all the details.

&gt; The obvious disadvantage of this cognitive style is that it appears too rough, lacking adequate consideration to details which become important when a process flows smoothly. Its information-dense constructs are often difficult to decompress and unpack; to outsiders, they may seem void of intermediate links for establishing coherency in their connections.

&gt; According to Aristotle, Holographic cognition corresponds to explanation by structural or formative causes. Aristotle called it the structure of form. Returning to the sculptor example, the cause of the sculpture is its latent form, which the sculptor merely sets free by cutting away excess marble.

&gt; **Social Sphere**:
&gt; A vague idea of the holographic concept was expressed by Gottfried Leibniz's "Monadology". His monad, a microcosmic reflection of the whole world order, is analogous to a hologram. Ecologists regularly turned to it in attempting to understand why there is stability in nature. Relationships between living and non-living nature arising in a given territory causes biogeocenosis, or ecosystem formation. Ecosystems are primarily characterized by equilibrium of self-similarity over time, where long-term coexistence of opposites without merging (synthesis) is observed. Therefore, Static prevails over Dynamic in such communities. Therein lies the fundamental law of homeostasis in the ecosystem.

&gt; General systems theory was later formed on the basis of these ideas. It was founded by Austrian biologist Ludwig von Bertalanffy, who introduced the concept of open systems, which exchange matter, energy, and information with the environment, thus resisting destabilization.

&gt; While Determinists attempt to explain the behavior of a system by its component parts and interconnections, Holographists find novel qualities illustrating emergent features in it that cannot be accounted for solely from its internal structure. Therefore, the Holographical paradigm can generally be called a systemic-ecological worldview.

&gt; Contemporary 'green' ideology is an epitomization of this cognitive form. This does not in any way imply that the ideologues of this movement are Holographical types—cognitive styles and proclaimed viewpoints may not necessarily coincide! Manifestations of one cognitive style through another are completely typical. The books of "quantum psychologist" Robert Anton Wilson are a good example of this, in which his Dialectical-Algorithmic form is laden with multi-perspective, holographic content.

&gt; **Psychological Sphere:**
&gt; Holographical cognition corresponds to a stable, self-possessed psyche resistant to conditioning. In comparing the conditionability of an ISTP psyche to its Involutionary Mirror ESTP, observation shows that the degree of psychological resistance is much higher in the latter. How is this explained? By the durable cognitive infrastructure on which it is built. Complete panorama, which allows periodic change of perspective on the subject. Good balance between the immune and nervous systems, as well as the primary sense organs.

&gt; In neuro-linguistic programming, this principle is used in a technique called 'reframing'. Reframing changes the perceptual framework contextualizing an event. If we mentally place a familiar object into an unfamiliar context, then significance of the whole situation changes. For example, imagine a tiger first in a jungle, then in a zoo cage, then on the balcony of your apartment. The standard Socionics type is depicted as immersed in its 'club'. But what if you shift it to quadra? What if it turns out to be among types with opposite cognitive styles? The chain can continue indefinitely.

&gt; With reframing it is possible to see the familiar with fresh eyes. The type of the psyche in one who resorts to this technique remains constant of course, only their subjective relation to the object of attention is changed. The benefit of this method is primarily in the fact that new perspectives emphasize aspects of a situation that may have been previously underestimated, allowing the possibility of discovering new avenues of growth, and expanding one's existing range of choices.

&gt; **Scientific Sphere**:
&gt; A real-life physical model of this multi-perspective intellect is the hologram—a superimposition of multiple images where each one can only be seen when looking at a certain angle. Change of perspective occurs intermittently and does not alter the system itself, only its priorities. In this way, multiple standards can be implemented, making it possible to work with a complex system as if it were a simple sequence.

&gt; Another real-life prototype of Holographical cognition are fractal objects, discovered by mathematician Benoit Mandelbrot in the 1970s. Geometrically, fractals are figures with diffuse outlines, possessing self-similar internal structures. For example, trees, snowflakes, coastlines, etc. They are characterized by multiple internal forms similar in principle to nesting-dolls. Like a hologram, any fragment of a fractal contains complete information about the entire fractal. The part is always structurally similar to the whole.

&gt; Socionics types are also like fractal objects. Hence my holographic concept of personality as a nested system of types, one inside another. Which opposes the prevailing flat view of Socionics advocated by people with reductionist thinking.Don't feel bad, I used to do TERRIBLY at these kinds of things when I was younger, but sometime over the last several years I suddenly developed the ability to do them.  So there's hope for you yet!Best guess is INFJ :)

Since no one else has responded yet, I'll show you which things you said that make me believe Ni over Si (I saw your flair after I made my guess):

- easily remember dreams
- can't remember what you can't remember
- being bothered by lateness
- not liking people who don't think things through
- enjoy living in the moment when you think about it (inf Se)
- getting bored fairly easily, alleviate that by doing things you haven't done recently
- figure out how things work quickly (this is the strongest indicator imo - one of ISFJ's weakest points)

Btw "pretty bad at thinking of things on the spot" shows issues with Ne, but it's hard to tell if that's due to the undeveloped inferior Ne of a teenage ISFJ or the unvalued, subconscious Ne of an INFJ.  It could be either, really.  But the fact that you can e.g. imagine up new systems or think up new roles suggests to me that you don't have issue using Ne for a *purpose*, but rather that you resist using it for its own sake, which suggests unvalued Ne (I am the same way).

If you could post a short video of yourself just talking about anything I could tell you fairly quickly whether you're Ni- or Si-dom.I edited my response with evidence, check it out.

ETA: She showed me a video and it was immediately clear that ISFJ is the right typing!! :)These are great answers!!!  I really fucking love how you responded to each question &amp; example in turn; I find that so helpful.

Anyway, sorry to disappoint, but I think INFP sounds very reasonable considering what you've said here :D  ISFJ much less so though.

Also ps, despite having typed you several times (and recognizing your username), I would have not remembered what type you settled on or what I've said in the past lol.  Vulnerable Si yay!!Is this lawdoodette :3333I really enjoyed reading it!!

Unfortunately I spoiled myself by clicking through to see the rest of your posts &gt;_&lt;  I should turn flairs off for this if there's a way to do that.  Before I clicked through, I'd identified Fi/Te and low/unvalued Si...so I was leaning ENTJ haha...but keeping ENFP in mind, it seems to fit quite well!

Ps also I seem to always think British people are ENTJ because of the way you guys talk/write (just like I always think French people are ISFP and Asians are INxP) so I will keep that in mind in the future!My best guess is INFP!Hmmm...best guess is INFJ, but it would be a lot easier with more information!No, my love, never!  Give it a go. :)Part of the issue is that people use particular words and phrases differently depending on what type they are - what does it mean to not "think things through", for example?  People with both valued Si and valued Ni use that phrase, but I suspect it means something different to each.  As an Ni user, I tend to accidentally associate words with the meanings *I* would use them with, which can lead to inaccurate typings.

That's part of the reason I regularly do these threads.  As someone with [dialectical-algorithmic cognition](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Gulenko_Cognitive_Styles\(wiki\)#Dialectical-Algorithmic_Cognition), I'm basically running algorithms in my head - running people through "if-then-else" chains.  It's situations like this that force me to notice an issues in my 'code', so to speak and to hone it down to more specificity.  In the future, I'll keep in mind the concepts of "Si-thinking-it-through" as well as "Ni-thinking-it-through".

Ni is associated with accurate estimation of time, which is why I made the leap to connect her frustration with late people to Ni.  Thinking about it, though, there are too many reasons people could develop that association - being raised to respect people's time, for example, or being more personally attuned to flaws in others that we've overcome in ourselves.

Unfortunately, all typing (especially through written word only) is murky, and I often have a lot of conflicting data in each person's answers.  I tend to go much more by impression and intuition than by rigorous logical analysis; otherwise, I'd never get much of anywhere lol.  And anyway, I got the IxFJ correct, which is encouraging to me as it wasn't wildly off base.

Incidentally, I'm way, way better in visual typing, and knew within five seconds of watching the video she sent me that she was ISFJ &gt;_&lt;  But I guess it's good for me to practice the skills I'm weaker at, eh?Bleh I always hate explaining it because there's so much that goes into it haha!

Your answer to the conflict question is textbook INFP.  Check out [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/JungianTypology/comments/5bcopn/the_four_vulnerable_functions/) /u/doctormolotov wrote about vulnerable Se in INFPs:

&gt; [INFP] spends a great deal of effort trying to prevent and avoid confrontations. Unlike [INTP], they are almost never underhanded in their Se. They take the opposite approach instead: they try to act as fairly and honorably as possible when it comes to confrontations in the hope that others will return the favor. When faced with pressure, they easily relent and withdraw, trying to show that aggression is not required to obtain what is wanted of them.

Lots of discussion of reading between the lines, picking up on social cues, being able to tell what people are feeling - that points to strong F and N.

Placing a heavier emphasis on introspection, deep personal connections, spending time alone, etc. leans more Fi than Fe.

Specifically, calling yourself things like 'illogical' and 'dumb' suggests that you're not INFJ (people often tend to be overconfident in their tertiary function) and that you likely have inferior T.  (ESFPs also do this sometimes due to their relationship with vulnerable Ti.)

An emphasis on weirdness, creativity, open-mindedness, and goofiness suggests valued Ne.

"I'll usually change that plan anyways." and laziness/lack of motivation suggest IxxP.

There's a lot more I could go into but we'd be here all day!  I hope these give you a few good starting places :)I am torn between INTP and INTJ.  If you have a video of yourself talking about anything, that would be really useful for me.  You could PM me if you don't want to make it public.

Based on these answers alone my best guess would be INTJ.Almost certainly xNTP, leaning ENTP.No problem, take your time. :)Do it!heh heh heh

::wipes nervous sweat off brow::Oh you're fun!!

My best guess is ExTJ, but I keep going back and forth about which one.  Something about your writing style and attitude says ESTJ to me, but many of your answers toward the end of the passage suggest ENTJ.  If you could possibly link me to a video of you talking about anything (PMing it is fine), I could almost certainly narrow it down.

I hope this helps some!

PS there is a slight chance you're an abnormally organized ESTP.I think you are IxFP, but it is hard for me to tell which.  If I had to guess, I'd say ISFP.

If you can reply or PM me with a video of yourself talking about anything, I could give you a more definitive answer!::sobs quietly::...

...

I mean, DON'T do it!!Ooooh, I'm not gonna lie love, this will be a hard one for me.  Partly because you're at a different developmental stage than most of the people I type so my intuition will be off a little bit.  Early-to-mid teens, people tend to be integrating their ignoring function and suppressing their inferior function.

Hmm.  I see a lot of F, particularly Fi, and evidence for Si too.  You describe yourself as both quiet/reserved and somehow bossy and controlling.

Honestly my best guesses at this point are ESFJ and ISFP, mayyybe INFP.  I don't feel very confident about that though.  If you'd like to PM me a video of you talking about anything though, it would help me a lot.Oh, jeez, you're a bit hard for me.  I'm between ENFP, INFP, and ESFJ.  I think the most likely type is ENFP though.  Feel free to send me a video of yourself talking for more accurate results!

I really enjoyed reading your responses. :)Interesting!  I'm leaning toward ENFJ for you, with ENFP and ESxP as distant secondary possibilities.

Do film the video if you get the chance; that would be fun!Just to correct misinformation:  Trump is ESTP, Hillary is ESTJ.  There is little to no doubt in my mind.Not necessarily...they feel comfortable working within systems and organizations, not necessarily with other people.  They have role Fe so they often exhibit that kind of fake "HA! HA! HA!" laugh, whereas an ISTJ with vulnerable Fe wouldn't even bother to fake it at all (c.f. [Angela Merkel](https://youtu.be/cGZWR5S1lCo))Hmmm...my best guess for you would be INTJ.
Because ExxJs in general are rare around here, and I found myself interested and energized by your writing style. :)  It can get boring to type a million INxJs and INxPs :P  It's fun to see new answers.Yay!&gt; Taking her own evaluation of herself, she would happily stay indoors all day with a book.

I mean, she can say that, but no one forced her to run for president lol :POf course, my dear!You are so cool!  I really liked watching your video.  I feel like we would get along. :P

Anyway, my best guess based on both your answers and the video is ENTJ. :)  I would not entirely rule out ENFJ or ESTJ though!Blehhh I feel like I'm not really in the position to teach anyone - this person was actually ISFJ lol!  I should do a post/video on visual typing in the future.Gotcha!  Thank you for letting me practice on you.

Ugh, I get so embarrassed when I get it wrong. :(I really want to write a post or make a video about it!  But I'm too swamped at the moment. O_O  I hope I can do it soon!

Eyes are the biggest.  How big people "hold" their eyes, what direction they look, how often they change their gaze, how focused they seem...

I bet you can find some good videos and articles if you look.  Try searching "socionics visual identification"My best guess for you, and this may be a little surprising, is INFP.  Surprising because your values/ideas are pretty different from the stereotype, but the temperament matches, as does the writing style and reasoning style.  I see some good evidence for demonstrative Ni and role Ti as well.

Next guesses would be ISTJ or ESFP???  Don't know.  Nothing seems to click perfectly into place exactly.

If you'd like to reply or PM me with a ~5 min. video of you talking about anything (likes, dislikes, your day, a movie, anything), it would definitely help me give you a more confident answer. :)&gt; you do have IxxP laziness, but I feel like you potentially do use Te, and maybe Si

I agree.  That's why my best guess for him is INFP, though it seems a bit un-stereotypical, no?I know it's a pain in the ass, but this really is not enough info.  What kind of hobbies you have or things you like is not very correlated to type.  If you could go back and answer my questions more thoroughly, e.g. responding to each example I gave with your thoughts etc., I could be more accurate. :/Sorry brother but you're really hard for me.  I've got it down to maybe ISTP, ISTJ, INTJ.  If I had to guess I'd go with ISTP but I'm not really sure.

Feel free to send me a ~5 minute video of you talking (about anything) to get a more accurate answer!Thank you for writing this, I enjoyed reading it. :)

My best guess for you is ISFJ.Video is a lot more useful.  I have podcasters I listen to all the time that I still have trouble typing.I think you're probably ENTP. :)You're like...the most ENFJ person I've ever typed lol.  You're more ENFJ than me :P

Distant second possibilities would be ENFP and ESFP.Honestly I don't have the energy to go through it, I have like 50+ people waiting to be typed, but if you wanted to send me a ~5 minute video of yourself talking about something (whatever you want), I'd be happy to give a more definite answer using visual identification.I look forward to it!!I look forward to watching it!I enjoyed watching it!

My intuition was messed up by the fact that your accent and speech style remind me *so much* of someone I've seen before, but I'm completely unable to put my finger on who it is, exactly.

I don't know why you're hard for me.  If you feel like INTP descriptions make sense to you, then of course that may be right, although I never would have thought of that had you not said it.

Watching the video alone (before I reviewed your written answers), my best guess would have been ISTJ.  Considering both the video and the answers, ISTP would continue to be my best guess, and INTP third, if you like. :)  I do not think you are INTJ.

I think watching people during social interaction (e.g. an interview or a scene in a show) makes it easier to type than people just talking to their camera...I don't know why, I find it so easy to type people in interviews, but you're not the first person I've struggled to type from a self-recorded video. :(  I hope you've at least had fun doing this, even if I haven't been so helpful!You're beautiful.ExxP for sure. Best guess is ENFP, with ESFP in second place. Whew!  Okay, I can't give you a definitive answer; just degrees of probability.

Most likely: INTP

Plausible: ENTP, INFP

Not likely but possible: ISTP, IxxJ

Unlikely: ExxJ, ESTP, ExFP

The older and more mature someone gets, the harder it can get to type them, because they've developed their inferior function to a noticeable degree and have better learned to compensate for the difficulties of their unvalued functions.

It may be useful to consider some of the struggles you had as a teenager and early 20-something when attempting to type yourself.

For example, the way you deal with conflict points to vulnerable Se (INxP) - INFPs tend to avoid conflict and pacify as much as humanly possible (sometimes to the point of being doormats), whereas INTPs tend to ignore it and avoid it until it becomes clear conflict is arising, at which point they may attempt to "shut it down", sometimes over-compensating in their assertiveness.  So if you've gotten better at speaking up over the years, it's possible you're INFP, whereas if you've gotten better at maneuvering out of Se situations, INTP is more likely.

ENTPs by the way also tend to avoid and dislike conflict.  The reason I find that less compelling is that I don't really see an evidence for inferior/sensitive Si, which usually is fairly clear in ENxPs.  But again, that could be due to maturity.  So consider improvements you may have made in your inferior function too -

In our teenage years, we can seem to reject our inferior function in favor of integrating our ignoring function.  So for example:

INTP rejects Fe in favor of integrating Te.  This means teenage INTPs can feel overwhelmed by or even dismissive of interpersonal relationships and values, and start to focus on gathering facts and data to support their theories.  It doesn't matter how it affects people emotionally, as long as it works.  As they go through their twenties, they feel more confident in supporting their ideas with facts and thus become more open and willing to consider not only the technical but also the human factors involved in solving problems, and they feel more confident in managing interpersonal relationships.  (Presuming all goes well with psychological development of course).

INFPs in their teenage years tend to reject Te in favor of Fe - they ignore complicated systems and physical progress in favor of developing relationships and worrying about how to integrate into a group or into society.  You'll see a lot of teenage INFPs getting really caught up in relationships, art, music or social movements, or spending a lot of time on sites like Tumblr lol.  As they go through their twenties, they start to concern themselves more with practical, actionable things they can do to make their and others' lives better and achieve meaningful goals.  Don't underestimate the effectiveness and rational demeanor of adult INFPs - they can come across as very productive, driven, cool-headed, and intellectually curious, especially when they have specific goals they're trying to achieve.  This is one reason I'm not willing to write off INFP as a possibility for you, because using your inferior function well is very rewarding and motivating, so when you mention that you like to problem-solve or research, that points toward Te inferior as a possibility.

The third option would by ENTP, who as a teenager rejects Si in favor of Ni.  Basically, they seem unable to stick to any kind of routine or take basic care of themselves, lol.  They seem far more interested in trying to "figure it all out" and search for the deeper meaning in everything.  As they mature through their twenties, they realize that having a grasp on the consequences of their actions and taking care of their basic needs is an important basis upon which to strategize and search for deeper meaning and big goals to realize.  Like, you can't expect to become president or invent a flying machine if you don't reliably feed yourself every day.  They start to get better at noticing patterns in their lives or in data, as well as making decisions based on not only rational criteria or rampant imagination but also personal experience and a desire for comfort and stability.

Anyway, I don't know why I was inspired to go off on this long tangent and explain everything to you, but I hope something in it was helpful.  If you don't really see yourself in any of these descriptions, or you want more info, I'd be happy to discuss the vulnerable functions of ENTP, ISTP, IxxJ and the ignoring/inferior of the latter two groups as well, or help identify between the two INxPs further.I agree that it relates to the dominant function, but I also think it's related to the vulnerable function as well.Omg, I...I...I wrote you a response for like an hour.

And then...my finger slipped...and I pressed a weird key on my keyboard...and it's all gone.  ::inconsolable sobbing::

I don't know what to do, I can't bring myself to write it all over again :(

The fundamentals of what I was saying is that INFPs are "productive" - that is, willing to initiate and lead conversations - about matters of personal taste, such as movies, art, literature, music, etc.  They often have theories and opinions about these things, and find it easy to identify "favorites" or things that are particularly meaningful to them, and also may often find it easy to guess what someone else will like if they know their taste well enough.  Nerdwriter is a really good YouTube channel to get a sense of INFP reasoning and analysis - wonderfully brilliant and insightful about issues of [art](https://youtu.be/7j5pUtRcNX4) and [culture](https://youtu.be/pOO1AX7_jXw).

INTPs are "receptive" to these kinds of conversations - happy to listen and learn, but rare to offer or even have their own strong opinions about them.

On the other hand, INTPs tend to be productive about matters of soft science - economics, psychology, political theory, etc. - things that are analytical and based on fact but with little solid consensus in society.  They may form a complex theory that incorporates multiple fields - for example, my INTP husband was using generational theory, Jungian typology, economics, theories of social power, Marxist theory, and much more to explain to me last night why/how moderate liberals often feel antagonistic toward left-wing progressives.  CGP Grey is a good example of the INTP approach to issues of [mind](https://youtu.be/rE3j_RHkqJc) and [society](https://youtu.be/7Pq-S557XQU).

INFPs are usually receptive in these fields - open and interested in hearing about them, but unlikely to develop their own personal theories about how everything fits together.

The second point I made was that I can often share a "knowing look" with INFPs in interpersonal situations - for example, if Person A says something I guess Person B will find offensive, even if Person B makes no outward indications about their feelings, I can often look at the INFP in the room and we both share a silent cringe moment together.  An INTP is unlikely to notice this unless it relates to something we had been particularly discussing in the recent past.

Similarly, INTPs and I share knowing looks about theories we've developed.  For example, my husband and I have the theory that ESFPs prioritize fluency and social acceptability over the content of their speech, so there are situations where they will say something totally bizarre and out of left field, but no one will even notice because they said it so confidently and moved on so quickly.  One real example is an interview we saw where an ESFP was talking about how they're different from what others may expect and very compassionate, and one example they slipped in was "When I see an animal on the road, I speed up."  That was the only reference they made to that and my husband and I looked at each other like "????" because it just made no sense.  An INFP is less likely to notice something illogical or nonsensical like that, again, unless they had been primed to look for it, or unless they were already suspicious or wary of the person.

Well...I hope this wasn't too brief or superficial...it's really a shame I lost all of the other things I wrote, but maybe it'll turn out better for you because there's not so much to slog through lol!  Does this help you narrow it down at all?Right, everyone is more confident in their tertiary than they should be.Because they have Fi as a vulnerable function. More than 'soft science', I would argue that it counts as 'protoscience' - kind of still in the stage where we recognize that something is going on but don't yet have the means to validate it (or, for that matter, debunk it) scientifically.Can I clarify a bit? 'Individual' and 'collective' may be a useful shorthand, but I fear it often leads to incorrect conclusions. I cannot tell you how sick I am of Fe being described as "agreeing with society's values at large", or worse, "trying to keep harmony", whatever that means. 

I think it would be more accurate to say that Fe is contextual and based on objective interpersonal effects and the combination of disparate or competing values - limited in time (cares about context more than universal morality) but broad in scope. Fi is about internally consistent moral and artistic/emotional reasoning and is based on subjective personal interpretation and moral identity - limited in scope (mainly to the individual) but extending over time.

If we had to narrow it down to a sound bite, I'd say Fe is broad and synthesizing and Fi is deep and analyzing.&gt; You can say your perspective and concerns, but not clarify what I am saying.

Oh, I should have been more explicit - I was not trying to clarify what you were saying, but rather to clarify the concepts themselves - to shed light, for instance, on what 'collective' actually means in the context of typology.

It is confusing to me how you can claim that "broad and synthesizing" is a description that is vague to the point of functional meaninglessness when your suggested alternative description is "collective", a description which has been empirically shown to be vague enough as to introduce serious misunderstandings on the part of laypeople toward the true meaning of Fe.

Even if you say Fe is collective among relationships, groups, etc., and not merely in society, there is clear ambiguity in that statement, and the received implication is almost certainly that Fe *adopts* the collectively agreed-upon morality of that particular group, for example.  But that is explicitly *not* what Fe does - Fe attempts to recognize *all* potential values and points of view, and then (in conjunction with Ti) analyzes them logically and attempts to construct a moral system that incorporates as many of these values and perspectives as possible and implement a solution that satisfies as many disparate viewpoints, perspectives, and needs as it can.  I do not think this is made clear when describing Fe as "collective values", and I think describing our values as "broad and synthesizing", while still admittedly an oversimplification, comes much closer to hitting the mark.  It also incorporates aspects of typology such as the general difference in introverted vs. extroverted functions as well as static vs. dynamic functions.  Unlike 'collective vs. individual', this terminology can be further applied when comparing any other two function or function attitude pairs.I see what you're saying - that makes a lot of sense.  I agree with you that typology as a subsection of psychology is indeed a soft science.

In terms of protoscience, I was more thinking along the lines of using brain scans to verify cognitive functions the way Dario Nardi has started to do, but with much more detail and predictability, or being able to definitively link certain genetic markers with certain type distributions, for example.  Being able to test for someone's type using only neurology, genetics, and other objective factors.  But I still think we're quite a ways off from having that even be in the realm of possibility!No worries man, have a good evening. You are almost certainly an N-dom (so ENxP or INxJ) but I'm having difficulty narrowing it down much more than that based solely on your answers.  My hunch is to learn toward INTJ, followed by ENFP, but I can't rule out the other two.  Hopefully you'll be able to take it from there - it should be fairly easy for you to decide between those types.  Let me know if you have any other questions!I looked up some videos of her - she seems likely to be INFJ to me. :)Haha I think the test mistyped him unfortunately; I find it very unlikely that he's INTJ - too little Ti.&gt; How did you learn visual typing?

Oh dear, just oodles of trial and error!  If you search Google "visual identification" you can find some good stuff.  [Here's](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/list.php/category/60-Visual-Identification) a good list of articles to start.  (Keep in mind socionics labels the types differently from MBTI, so if you're not already caught up on their labeling system, make sure to get that squared away first.)Thank you!!  I'm going to go through and check all of them out and let you know what I think. :)

Just from first impressions, Shaaanxo strikes me as an ESFP.  It's a dirty little secret, but INFPs are very unlikely to makeup as well as she and Kathleen do (especially Kathleen) - vulnerable Se makes it very difficult to grasp kind of...objective "good taste" in that way.  When you see INFPs in makeup, it tends to be way quirkier and more individualistic - I think Kimberly Clark may be one, for example (plus albinwonderland, that I linked above).  Just my two cents, of course, it's hard to know for sure!

Anyway so yeah I'll check out those others and get back to you soon! :D  This is so fun!INTJs have demonstrative (6th position) Ti, which means that they find it as easy to use (usually in pursuit of Ni and/or Te) as their dominant function, but see it as trivial and don't value it, and also that it comes across clearly in their personality.

The three schools of thought I'm drawing this from are: Model A (which is a good introduction to the eight function theory in general), John Beebe's 8-function model (which is based on mental archetypes and how we think and feel about the functions), and Model G (which discusses energy and information transfer between the functions).

* More on [demonstrative functions](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/functions/Id) in Model A (scroll down; also note that the auxiliary function - Te for INTJs - is called "creative")
* Chart of the types and their ["eight" functions](https://i1.wp.com/typeindepth.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/Type-Table-650x.jpg?w=650) (note that in Beebe the demonstrative/sixth function is described as representing the "witch/senex" or "critical parent" archetype)
* More on the [witch/senex archetype](http://typeindepth.com/terms-theory/#witch)
* Victor Gulenko's [Model G](http://i.imgur.com/Z7FEXol.png), which confusingly switches the labels for the 'creative' and 'demonstrative' functions.  Regardless, Ti falls into position #2 on the chart for IxTJs - it is a high energy and high information function, however it is primarily used as a tool.  My understanding of Model G is rudimentary and cobbled together so I won't attempt to interpret the rest of the information in that graphic for you; maybe you'll have better luck :P

**TL;DR - We all use all eight functions, it's just that we only value four of them.**  INTJs don't value Ti, but they often come across as very Ti to others.Yay, thank you :D  She's so organized and reliable; the epitome of what I'm not lol!&gt; Lauren Southern

Likely ENTP.  She seems to be really upset about identity politics which makes it a bit harder for her to give off that "pure rational" vibe you often get with them.  She has to suppress her Fe a lot to do the things she does so you see a rise of demonstrative Te as a compensation for that.  Her styling and fashion is also a bit delta (xNFP/xSTJ) but ENTPs easily adopt the styling of people around them.  It's possible she was friends with a delta group that devolved into an obsession with identity politics or something, which would explain both the styling and the anger/emotional investment in the topic.  It's uncommon for an ENTP to be that passionate about a particular topic or conclusion unless it's something that deeply personally affected them (the way you can see with Jimmy Dore and the opinion writer Caitlin Johnstone, who are both ENTPs).  Generally they tend to play the "gadfly" or "devil's advocate" against *both* sides.  So that's probably what made her hard to type.  But the way she uses her [mouth/teeth/lips when she talks](https://youtu.be/-dWgCs1v4lU?t=8m4s) gives her away, it's quite an ENTP thing (see the Ariel Bissett video I linked above).  I don't know how to describe it but it's almost like they protrude their lips and tongue when they speak.  Interestingly I've noticed that INFPs tend to draw their lips and mouth inward, so you often get the feeling that they have much thinner lips and smaller mouths than they actually do.  Lauren also sometimes has the kind of [stooped/leaning forward head posture and floppy arms](https://youtu.be/-dWgCs1v4lU?t=11m) you get with ENTPs and other NPs in general.  (I swear I love them, it's really hard to describe visual identification stuff without sounding kind of mean but I don't mean it that way!)

&gt; Gavin McInnes

Almost certainly ESTP.  Notice the similarities in mannerisms between him and Trump as well as Cenk Uygur.  He does that "sly side glance with a smirk" thing Trump does a lot.  He's also got the "wide piercing eyes" I often associate with ESTPs like Miley Cyrus.  He always uses a lot of very visual descriptions - for example in a video I saw where he said modern feminism has women "sitting in filthy apartments surrounded by trash eating Chinese takeout" and so on, very SeAlright! ::cracks knuckles:: let's get to work :D

These are just first impressions/best guesses!

* Chloe Morello - Pretty sure she's ESFP.  Bonus typing, in [this video](https://youtu.be/gF0lX7Yljb0) with Laura Lee, Laura's like "DON'T BOTHER TYPING CHLOE JUST LOOK AT ME I'M AN ENFPPPPP"  (ETA - hmmmm now I'm wondering if Chloe's not [ESTP](https://youtu.be/AQO8UfaAEtY)?  A little feisty for an FP perhaps?)
* Lauren Curtis - I think ISFP
* Sharon Farrell - ENTP; she's really great at makeup for an ENTP, that's impressive
* Karima McKimmie - I'm pretty sure ENFP  (edit: on rewatch, maybe ESFP?)
* Jaclyn Hill - ew ENFP uggghh the subtype that makes me cringe haha [what is this shit](https://youtu.be/PJWB4qsmHXQ?t=58s) :P  Honestly though nothing against her, she's very pretty and very famous, okay moving on
* Nikkietutorials - She's really hard for me.  I've been watching so many of her videos and I'm just going to have to move on.  My best guess is ENFJ I think.  I kept thinking ENFP because sooo much Ne but I think ENFJ makes more sense given her level of insecurity and worry about what other people think (oh the curse).  So yeah best guess is ENFJ but ENFP or ENTP are also possible.
* Jeffree Star - Why you make me watch him ::sobs:: lol  He's hard because he has a lot of pain and insecurity (same as Nikkie, directed in a different way of course).  Best guess is ESTP.  Tbh I actually get more ISTP than ESTP vibes from him but he is SO OVER THE TOP I don't know if that's even possible.  So I'll go with ESTP.
* MannyMUA - His makeup is beautiful, he's also extremely uncomfortable to watch.  I think my typing skills are running out.  I get a lot of Fi so I think he's xxFP or IxFJ.  I also feel like his super fast talking/sassy vibe is put on tbh...so many of his mannerisms are straight up lifted from other beautytubers.  [Here's](https://youtu.be/YpGNUmhOaLQ?t=1m16s) a moment where he seems more genuine and his real self seems to be shining through, so...Best guess is ISFJ actually, which seems really strange given the rest of his videos but...Visually, as far as his gaze and face, and how he trips up on his words, it fits.  It also fits based on what little I know of him as a person.  Next best guess would be INFP.  And now the more I watch a tiny part of me is like....ESFJ?  ESFJ???  Okay I'm moving on, my typing apparatus is broke, and also I'm really really bad at typing gay guys and this is a Known Fact™ about me so moving on.
* Patrick Star - Hnnng.  IxFx.  Thinking INFP.  Keep my above disclaimer in mind lol.  I feel more confident with this one though.  [He](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/nM9WExRPRZg/maxresdefault.jpg) has them [James Bay eyes](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/04/d8/72/04d872d37fdb77f6ac5bebfac3d016a5.jpg).  Thinking about what I said about INFPs &amp; makeup makes me question though.  Honestly typing gay people, especially ones who challenge gender norms, can be really hard, though.  I think it may be related to Jung's archetypes and their gender in our minds - if you associate somewhat or totally with a different gender presentation I think it can involve playing up certain functions and damping down others as compared to a cis straight person, I'm not sure but it really throws me off sometimes.Reading your edit, you're already doing amazing at visual typing!!! What type are you?

ENFJs = effortlessly cool is a definite thing, or so I'm told.  We can also be cringey when we're really insecure though (see Laci Green and NikkieTutorials)

Grouping people by quadra helps too - 

Alphas (xNTPs &amp; xSFJs) - very put together, clean, detailed, precise, passive aggressive, tiny &amp; smol, nerdy, childlike, elegant, perfect, blabbering, contrarian, stubborn, stoic, tender/nurturing

Betas (xSTPs &amp; xNFJs) - cool, badass, rebellious, snotty, beaming/warm, shocking, messy, defensive, captivating, effortless, try-hard, aggressive, wild, lazy, mysterious, attention-seeking, desperate

Gammas (xSFPs &amp; xNTJs) - blank, vague, aesthetic, romantic, clear-cut, hard edges, soft blur, showoffy, independent, wilting, confused, determined, intimidating, no-bullshit, existentialist

Deltas (xNFPs &amp; xSTJs) - hard, unbending, oblivious, secret inner turmoil, nuanced, layered, embarrassing, loud, didactic, adorable, self-interested, bright-eyed, nervous, avoidant, brave, loyal

Over time you'll develop your own list of characteristics - mine may not line up exactly with your experience or your interpretation of these words.Heh, do it!He thinks SJWs are NFs and tbh not entirely wrong lol

But personally I think SJWs are mostly likely to be ENFJ, xNFP, for some reason ISFJ, and a few SFPs.  ISTJs can seem like SJWs if they're female/minorities but actually just think they're better than everyone else haha.  Some ESTJs want to be SJWs but they scare the NFPs.

I'm being slightly - but not entirely - facetious :)Heh.  Probably because an ENTP made it.  (They're ISTP's supervisor, and INFP is their supervisor.)okay but you have to admit it's a little bit funny :3Quite a bit.  I was always the connection point between the goody-goody academics and the party kids (read: stoners, metalheads, drop-outs, 23-year-old pizza delivery people).

I was never really a frat house/jagerbomb/coke in the bathroom/sequins in the club partier though.  Maybe a dozen of those in my life (I'm old), but mostly someone's upper middle class parents' basement or D&amp;D&amp;weed parties.Omg those same theater kids in college got to be too much for me.  You start getting the ones with coke and heroin and hanging out abandoned factory windows and it gets pretty sketchy lolol.Lol I just imagine you sitting in the dark, illuminated by birthday candles, with a stern and unamused look on your face and a slightly lopsided party hat.It helps to know your type too, to better judge what perspective these descriptions are coming from.

I agree with the others that ExTJ sounds more likely.It's a good idea but what makes me question that is the clamming up, not being boisterous, and especially not wanting to be perceived as weird or unique.  I know ESFJs often love being called weird (whereas ENFJs tend to want to belong or be chill/cool) so it could be the same for ESTJs and their tert Ne.  Also anecdotally the ESTJs I've known are way more talkative and boisterous than the ENTJs.  I would go so far as to say that I often find INTJs to be more talkative and open than ENTJs, if you can believe it.  I do agree with you on the stress front, though.Best of luck!  I wish you well on your journey.  :)

ETA: Also if you want some bonus in-depth material, don't forget to check our r/JungianTypology !I mean, the groupings are from socionics, but all of the descriptions are my own - my impressions of them.  One thing I've noticed time and again is that *words themselves* have a different meaning to people depending on their type.  One example is the word "organized", which seems to conjure up a completely different image in the mind of each person who hears it.  So although you don't see xNTPs as 'perfect' or 'blabbering', those are absolutely accurate descriptions in my view (elegant less so, because elegant to me is Fe+Si, which they're generally weaker in, but it can shine through in moments).  Also if you haven't known INFPs to be hard/unbending/embarrassing/brave then you either haven't known INFPs very well or you are a very different type from me haha.  That's like...almost the definition of INFP in my mind.  But that's how Fi-Si feels to me (well, the 'embarrassing' part is mostly Ne with a little Fi sprinkled in).

Anyway, the groupings are set the way they are because they're all people who share the same functions - all xSTPs and xNFJs value Se, Ni, Fe, and Ti, for example.  How those functions in combination will *feel* to you depends in large part on your own valued functions as well as your personal experience.Awwww thank you!  Is there anyone you'd like me to try for you?Okay whew!  Keep in mind that these are all first impressions/best guesses - I'd have to watch several videos over the course of a few weeks to be more confident in my typing.

&gt; Rachel Whitehurst

Possibly ESTJ but more likely **ENTP**

&gt; Michelle Phan

IxFx for sure, likely ISFx.  Best guess is **ISFJ**.

&gt; Promise Phan

I think **ISTJ**, fairly sure for her :)  Her work is incredible!

&gt; JKissa

She was a bit hard for me, but I'm coming down on **ISTJ**.  Less likely but still possible is INFP.

&gt; Batalash

ExFP.  Probably **ESFP**.

&gt; Graveyard Girl

This may be controversial but actually I'm gonna have to go with a pretty confident **ESTP**.

&gt; Pixiwoo

She's older so she's a bit harder (the more mature we are, the more balanced our functions seem), but my best guess is **ENTJ**, followed by ESTJ.  Congrats on finding my first ENTJ YouTuber! :D

&gt; Klairedelys art

Oh wow, she is cool!!  She's a pretty hard one for me, though.  She reeeeally looks/seems INTP but it would be quite unusual for an INTP to have a hobby like this and to be so good at it.  So my best guess is going to be **ISTP** but I can't rule out INTP or ISTJ, or even INFJ.  I'll leave this for now and give you my husband's opinion later when I get a chance!&gt; Oliver Stone

Hmmmm...I watched part of [an interview with him](https://youtu.be/Fw4x2fAlKKU) and he seems to discuss personal relationships often and quite comfortably - how he felt about Snowden (and vice versa) when they first met, how Snowden's girlfriend and his relationship affected their story, and so on.  ENTPs have vulnerable Fi so they usually seem very uncomfortable or even unaware when it comes to topics of interpersonal connection.  Based on just the short clip that I saw, I'd say ENFP seems more likely.

Full disclosure as well, I almost always agree with Celebrity Types in terms of their typing.  I think they're shockingly good at typing - I think I may have genuinely disagreed *maybe* one time, and I can't even recall who it was about lol.Definitely - interpersonal relationships (specifically between two individuals, rather than a 'group dynamic' thing), as well as personal identity (particularly artistic/genre preferences, personal values, etc.) and insights into the nature of humanity - again, specifically targeting the individual and his place rather than society as a whole.

For a good Fi YouTuber, check out [Nerdwriter](https://www.youtube.com/user/Nerdwriter1/videos) (INFP).  I particularly enjoy [this video on Edward Hopper](https://youtu.be/7j5pUtRcNX4) as an example of a beautifully executed Fi argument/analysis.  It stands in comparison to, for example, analyses or arguments by CGP Grey (INTP), who does a similar "exploring the interior of a mind" analysis here but in a [very Ti way](https://youtu.be/wfYbgdo8e-8) instead.  They even have very similar speech styles and voices :D

For comparison, see how [Fe reasons](https://youtu.be/5Sz3dlL2Ht8) (Elliott Hulse - ENFJ) with strong Fi but valued Ti, and how [Te reasons](https://youtu.be/6NxB6c6d39A) (Brene Brown - ESTJ) with strong Ti but valued Fi.You're very welcome! :)

He's INTP \^_^Husband reports in: he thinks Klairedelys art is probably INTP, and definitely Ti-dom.  So it's settled then in my mind :DGood question!  Dr. Doe from Sexplanations is a hard one - I've tried and failed to type her before, and my husband and I just spent a looooong time discussing her haha.

We came down to either ENTP or INFP, leaning pretty strongly toward INFP.  We both agree that we've known people like that before in our lives, almost exclusively teachers, but the question is - why do those INFPs seem so different from the rest?  It's been an interesting discussion and he keeps cracking me up with his impressions of her - "NO, but WHY does she [stand like THIS](https://youtu.be/InbHM-kY55I?t=45s) in the FIELD wearing BROWN OVERALLS?!?!"  You'll have to imagine a very impassioned INTP doing this, it's beautiful.

Anyway!  It's about time for bed so I will do my best to get around to the rest tomorrow!  Thank you for the suggestions :)She probably took a test that said that. :/  I feel pretty confident in my typing of her though.  She's quite analytical and also way too sensitive to perceived social reception to be aux Fi.Ohhh but look at her direct/locking gaze in the first few seconds of that first video!  And how effortlessly she plays without even glancing at the fretboard!  

SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER

There's no way an ENFP could demonstrate that much sensing lol.  I'll PM you my best guess &amp; two alternates.  Let me know how I do :DHey sweetie, please remember: [Your inferior function is not your enemy.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/41p3t3/your_inferior_its_not_your_enemy/)Good question.

Types with very expressive faces: ENFJ, ENFP, ENTP, ESFJ, ESFP (ESFPs and to a lesser extent ESTPs have the ability to consciously control/hide their expressiveness, though, so someone being inexpressive does not rule out ESFP)

Average expressiveness: ESTJ, ESTP, ISFJ (again, ESTPs can easily play up or down their expressiveness if they choose)

Relatively inexpressive: ENTJ, INFJ, INFP, INTP, ISFP (ISFP can choose to be more expressive for aesthetic purposes e.g. performance)

Almost always inexpressive: INTJ, ISTJ, ISTP (ISTP can, but rarely does, choose to be slightly more expressive)

Expressiveness is most correlated with Fe and Ne, particularly in dominant and demonstrative* positions.  It also has a lesser connection to the role function** in novel social situations.

That said, I feel pretty strongly that ESTJs are more expressive than ENTJs as a whole, which the aforementioned theory can't explain.  It may be related to the spin of the functions - process vs. result types.  It also depends on your definition of expressiveness - is it more facial variation, more body movement, more intensity of emotion, or more clarity of emotional expression?  For example ESFJs seem to exhibit more clear/pure/obvious emotions - it's easier to tell precisely *what* they are feeling - whereas ENFJs seem to exhibit more layered/complex/intense emotions - we're doing more shit with our bodies and faces but it's harder to tell what that shit represents, basically, lol.  So who is actually "expressing" more?  This is due to the spin of our Fe (ENFJ is Fe+, ESFJ is Fe-).  But I'm getting too deep into muddy theory so if you want to just take the categories above and run, I won't object. ;)

*demonstrative function = opposite function attitude to auxiliary - so for example, ENFJ has aux Ni so demonstrative Ne, ENFP has aux Fi so demonstrative Fe, and so on.

**role function = opposite function attitude to inferior - ESFP has inf. Ni so role Ne, ESTJ has inf. Fi so role FeSPOILER SPOILER SPOILER

My best guess for her would be ISFJ, followed by ESFJ and ESTP.Awww that's sweet!!  If that's true btw you might consider that you're ENTP :)  (or less likely but still possibly - ENFP, or ESxP, or INTP)::whispers:: ^^^You're ^^^ENTP ^^^I ^^^decided ::runs away::

ANYWAY please feel free to ask any questions, I'm happy to help! \^_^😘😘😘💋💋😘💜💜💚👌👌💖💯✔️️💯💜Mmm...role Ti is not genuine Ti, not like a xxTP/xxFJ uses it.In valued functions, that's true.  In practical terms, people can actually use both - specifically IxxJs, and to a lesser extent ExxJs.

IxFJ - strong but unvalued Fi, weaker but valued Ti
IxTJ - strong but unvalued Ti, weaker but valued Fi
ExFJ - strong but mostly subconscious Fi, weak valued Ti
ExTJ - strong but mostly subconscious Ti, weak valued Fi

xxxPs mostly only have access to one introverted judging function, though (but they have more access to both extraverted judging functions).Hahahahha I can't tell if you're ree'ing because you don't like that it's accurate or because you don't like that I didn't explain why it's accurate.

[Here's](http://68.media.tumblr.com/200840284245f3e50c9fa7c921f0f06c/tumblr_inline_mftwknpUl11rvw81k.gif) a cute INTP smile for your comparison needs.

[One more](http://25.media.tumblr.com/4a856dd0dde8e728626b07708a6291e8/tumblr_mffqw4r80R1s10aqlo1_500.gif) to show that leaning forward is a Real Thing™Also because there were no ENFJ smiles:

[ENFJ one](https://media.giphy.com/media/kjwmfEjx1A4Te/giphy.gif)

[ENFJ two](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/83/9e/3d/839e3de4c9dfaefc83eb6f937bd67ff9.jpg)I mean, Fe people can also smile because we're legitimately happy inside lol...the difference is that we especially tend to consider how a smile will affect other people, so for example it would be easier for us not to smile when winning a prize if it meant our friend didn't win it (at least at first, until we knew they weren't too disappointed).Being able to judge facial expressions, body language, etc. accurately is Se + Fe.  I promise you that I can tell the difference and that I am more than willing to call out mistypes when I see them (which is often).  I bet you can tell, too, if you really look at it with a discerning eye.Korean culture has different boundaries and markers for femininity and masculinity than Western culture.  These guys are definitely all "pretty boys" (think boy bands in the west), but none of them would be considered feminine.Yeah, for understandable reasons, they didn't really go into how our dominant and auxiliary function can blend to make new smiles.  Even our tertiary and inferior can come out sometimes (my Se smile comes out when I'm singing or dancing and trying to look cool lol).

The other thing to consider is that we can switch between different subtypes in our lives.  There are four subtypes for each type (Dominant, Creative, Harmonizing, and Normalizing) and each puts a special emphasis on certain combinations of functions.  It's possible that changing life circumstances have inspired you to use/show your Fi more.I would say the person who wrote this post was mostly going for levels 2-3.  Some of the types (Ni-dom), it's better to highlight a level 3 smile because they suppress lower smiles and make them harder to spot.

The better you get at visual identification, the easier it is to notice all the different kinds of smiles you can get from a type.  But I think this a good primer.  All of these seem like genuine smiles (not forced to be polite) but also fairly relaxed/casual - not like winning the lottery or seeing their family member come back from war or something lol.It's true that they're tightly controlled and regulated, but that's how Koreans are in general.  I promise you they aren't training the idols to smile in a particular way (and the smiles don't look forced anyway) - they just pick the ones that have the most attractive smiles in the first place.

I lived in Korea for five years and all of these people in the gifs (I only know one or two of them) look like normal people to me.  Maybe with extra styling lol.ISTJs definitely have a very genuine, bright smile. :)  The ones in the gifs do seem more relaxed/observant and less like "omg yay!" though

ps visual typing is bommmmbThat's part of how you can tell ;DOmg you guys are so cute!!***YES***The most I could get out of that is more likely introvert unfortunately.  I can think of particular subtypes of ISFJ, ISTJ, INFJ, INTJ, INFP, ISFP, INTP, and ISTP, and also some ESFP, ENFP, ESTJ, and ENTJ who would never laugh out loud.  It depends on the reason I suppose.  In healthy people, ISFJ, INTJ, INFP, ISFP, ENFP might not laugh out of shyness.  ISTJ, INFJ, INTJ, INTP, ISTP, ESFP, ESTJ, ENTJ might not laugh due to just being very serious people.  INFJ, INTJ, INFP, INTP, ISTP, ENTJ might not laugh out of a desire to preserve their private thoughts/feelings from others.  Of course, there are also "unhealthy" or clinical reasons people of any type might not laugh, such as mood disorders, personality disorders, autism, severe insecurity, social anxiety, being a victim of abuse, etc. etc.Haha no, because as I've mentioned elsewhere we have access to all eight function attitudes and so an ESTJ might be displaying role Fe in a particular social situation, and so on, so one picture is rarely enough to determine it, with a few exceptions.  [This](http://img.wennermedia.com/article-leads-vertical-300/1335283804_carey-mulligan-402.jpg) picture of Carey Mulligan is ambiguous - she could be pretty much any NF type and even potentially ExTJ or ISFx - but in [this](http://cdni.condenast.co.uk/320x360/a_c/CMulligan_V_11aug10_pa_b_cp.jpg) picture she's pretty clearly INFJ; if I didn't know her, I would say INFJ was my best guess with INTJ and ENFJ as secondary possibilities.

But with several pictures of a person, or even better, a video, I can usually at least narrow it down.  I would estimate that about 80% of the time, if given a 1-5 minute video, I can at least narrow it down to two or three different types, and maybe 25% of the time or so I can identify the correct type with fairly high accuracy.

I learned the types and how to identify them wayyyy before I learned visual identification, but I'm actually better at identifying through the latter now.  People often make a conscious choice to change how they present themselves via words, but body language and facial expressions are much hard to affect consciously (and if someone is able to, that indicates higher Fe and especially higher Se).Awwwwwwwwwww &lt;3

You're always welcome to stay close and share thoughts regardless!

(PS I'm working on something special now that I hope you will enjoy!)[All done!](https://youtu.be/tSuLsxniqI4)[All done!](https://youtu.be/tSuLsxniqI4)::blush blush::  Thank you so much, I'm so glad you enjoyed it!!  I also noticed ExxJs and IxxPs displaying both their auxiliary and their demonstrative functions a lot.  Like I think you can see ENxJs doing "Ne eyes" and INxPs doing "Ni eyes" when they're not particularly focused, but switching to their auxiliary when they're thinking hard.&gt; seeing Elon Musk tear up was hard man

I KNOWWW!  I almost felt guilty including that clip but I felt like it was too special not to!

It's crazy isn't it, when our body language, speech style, etc. turns out to be so similar to another person?  I thought I was unique, dammit! :PI think so too!  Heh heh! 😘OMG that Moomin pic is so perfect.These notes are perfect!!!  Especially how you noticed the lower eyelid for Fi vs. the upper eyelid for Ti - fucking PERFECT, thank you so much, that is such a keen observation!

I'm really glad you enjoyed my video, thank you so much for sharing your notes!!Yep, all of the YouTubers and several of the celebrities/public figures (Tuomos, Tulsi, Alexandra Stan, Amanda Seyfried, James Bay) I typed myself . :)  The rest of the celebrities/public figures, I knew their types from Celebrity Types before I was able to type them myself, but I've verified them all according to my best understanding.  Most of them I also ran by my INTP husband to confirm that he agrees.Huh?Go for it!Hmmm...based on the first few minutes of the video I'd say my best guess for you is INFP.  Definitely not ISFJ.  Compare your video to the INFPs and the INTPs in the video I posted.  I think INFP is most likely. :)&gt; Then the validity of this is pretty questionable.

Who should have typed them so the validity wasn't questionable?  It seems like your argument is that you can't know a person's type if you want to accurately identify their eye movements...but the problem is that their eye movements tell you their type, I mean it's one of the things I use to type them...Ultimately you think I know what I'm talking about or you don't, and that's fine, but I think I can fairly reliably tell the difference between Se and Te.  You are not the first ENTP to tell me that different types look the same to them, though, so maybe there's something there worth investigating.  (I suspect VI aptitude is correlated with high/valued Se and Fe, but INTPs often agree with me, so that can't be all it is.)Also - keep in mind that Te and Se often come together.  For example, ESTPs and ESTJs have both function as their dominant and demonstrative, so you'll see them expressed together a lot from them.  And then ESFPs and ENTJs have them as their dominant and tertiary function, which means that you'll see more Se from the former and more Te from the latter, but that they're both still capable of slipping into the other one on occasion (especially ENTJs, as ExxJs seem to be much more comfortable switching between their auxiliary, demonstrative, and tertiary functions - or maybe just that the changes are more noticeable sense they're perceiving and not judging functions).  So if you're looking for Se with no Te, you're mostly only going to find that in ESFPs, and not even all of the time.  Te with no Se is mostly only going to be in ENTJs, and that's even less of the time.  You could also consider studying ISxPs and IxTJs for a glimpse of that, although their dominant function (especially for IxTJs) is likely to come through stronger.Yes, as well as some Ni (demonstrative function) along with your lips, your speech style, your body language, the things you talk about, and just general vibe...compare yourself to [Leon Tsao](https://youtu.be/8uPPhGUBc9E), who's an INFP.You seem really cool!  My best guess for you is probably ENTP :)  You remind me a bit of my brother.&gt; Come on, that's not very reliable no matter how good at reading people you are.

Would it be more reliable to have five people who were bad at typing try and merge their answers?  They might say someone's an INTP just because they're a scientist, for example.  I mean ultimately you just have to decide for yourself whether you think someone's good at it or not.  Also I would never suggest typing someone by eye movement alone.  It needs to be done in conjunction with everything - facial expression, speech patterns, tone of voice, what they say, how they dress/act, how they interact in groups, and so on.  Eye contact is just one small piece of the puzzle.  I hope to put out more videos like this in the future, and hopefully you'll find others of them more convincing and/or useful.

Also thank you so much for the compliment!  That feels really nice to hear :)Keep studying. You'll find that 'introverted' in typology has quite a different meaning than it does in common parlance. I find myself to be quite socially introverted as well. What it means in typology is closer to 'engaged in the outside world and responsive/reactive to external stimuli'. Extraverts are able to - and usually do - speak without planning in advance what they're going to say.  It doesn't have much to do with preferring the company of people or not, or being comfortable in social situations, or wanting to go out and party haha. I bet you'll find a LOT of ENTPs in particular who consider themselves introverted in the common sense. 

Also, as far as being evenly T/F, it's not possible. You need to read up on cognitive functions. I believe there is a post I wrote about that on the sidebar here.

Check out some of the ENTPs on Celebrity Types - particularly watch videos of them on YouTube. Compare them to INTPs and INFPs, and rewatch your video, and I think it should be pretty easy to spot what you're closest to. Oh I have been basking in the warm fuzzies of this comment and I just now noticed you had a question!

Honestly, it's been a complete hodgepodge of sources and personal observation. There's some info on visual identification out there, but not enough. I think Filatova wrote on it, and Gulenko may have as well. On YouTube there's also Type Tips and the now defunct DJArendee (I'm not sure of the spelling but you should be able to find mirrors of his videos if you search.). But yeah, part of the reason I made this video is that it can be so hard to find good sources!::beams::Great observation. Everyone has access to all eight function attitudes. You have your dominant, auxiliary, tertiary, and inferior. Then you have your ignoring (opposite of dominant - Ti for you), demonstrative (Ne), vulnerable (Si), and role (Fe).

It is often said that your two strongest/easiest to use functions are the dominant and demonstrative. These are both '4d' - you are able to use them proactively in a way removed from time - e.g. for 4d Ne you are able to perceive not only possibilities arising from the present moment but also possibilities in general, arising from future or even hypothetical situations. The difference between ENxJs and Ne-doms, however, is that we don't have an Ne agenda (we don't see visualizing possibilities as an end or goal in itself), and in fact, our Ne is not valued at all. Indeed, because using Ne is so trivial for us, we have the potential to treat it derisively in others who choose to "over-express" it, as well as judging those who display a lack of it - we take it for granted, basically. In healthy people though it integrates neatly into our Ni and works to further our dominant function's agenda - seeing the potential in a situation, or easily envisioning all the ways something could turn out, in order to make the best Je decision/interpretation.

You are also very astute to notice how extroverted your tertiary function is. This is because the opposite function attitude, the vulnerable, is the least developed and most suppressed. I'm on mobile now but you should search for u/DoctorMolotov's great post on vulnerable functions.

Let me know if you have any q's!Check out my comment on this thread. You are right. Can you really say something doesn't make sense if you don't understand it, though?  It's kind of like the Dunning–Kruger effect - sometimes knowing a bit of something can be more dangerous than not knowing anything at all, because you can be overconfident in your estimation of how well you understand it.  I think you've gathered some good bits and pieces of the theory, but it's pretty clear that there's a whole lot you don't fully grasp yet.  It's totally up to you if it's not of interest to you, but then you can't really pass judgment on its validity.

Also I'd be remiss if I didn't point out that your whole post is the most ENTP "fite me" thing I've ever read :P :P :P

As far as energy, you'll hear the "extraverts gain energy from social interaction" thing a lot, but I think it's a case of people misunderstanding the theory.  The primary difference between extraverts and introverts in typology as far as energy goes is that introverts feel compelled to reserve and store energy as much as possible, and only release it when they feel like they've got a good reserve, whereas extroverts feel compelled to spend energy when it starts to accumulate - becoming restless and seeking opportunities to discharge it (whether by social interaction, physical action, whatever).::blush::These type frequencies are bs and based on shit "research".Tbh it would be a lot more helpful to see a video of you in motion!

(You're very handsome though!)It's not.Type doesn't change, but you do develop your cognitive functions as you get older.ENxPIt's been discussed to death.  There's no evidence that type can change, and it doesn't make sense as an idea.  To change type, all of your cognitive functions that you've spent your whole life developing *in a way particular to their position in the function stack* would have to shift to new positions and effectively start over in their development.  You'd have an 8-year-old or a 16-year-old or whatever starting over completely in their cognitive development and acting like an infant, who would then perpetually be 10 years or more behind their peers developmentally.  I suppose while it's *theoretically* possible, that's not what any of these newbies are talking about when they think they've changed types.  Far more likely is the fact that they've actually just developed their lower functions and progressed normally and naturally for their age, that they're noticing new aspects of themselves, and that those new aspects seem stronger than they really are since they've become so accustomed to their actual dominant/auxiliary functions that they don't notice them anymore.

For reference (ages are approximate):

* Children under 8: seem to use all four valued cognitive functions fairly freely and develop them evenly, although they start with and display a preference for their comparatively stronger/more developed dominant and auxiliary
* Children 8-12: Begin repressing tertiary and especially inferior function, become more clearly differentiated into types (to an outside observer)
* Children 12-18: Deeply repress/reject inferior function in favor of developing ignoring function.  Anecdotally also seem to repress demonstrative function and overemphasizing auxiliary/tertiary somewhat, but I need to observe more to see if that's really true.
* People 18-25: Having integrated their ignoring function, begin developing and valuing their inferior function.  Still deeply repress/reject their vulnerable function and may overemphasize their auxiliary, tertiary, and demonstrative to compensate.
* People 25-35: Complete the process of integrating their inferior function, find balance between auxiliary/tertiary/demonstrative functions, still repress their own vulnerable function but do not demonize or reject it in others (in fact, begin to enjoy having others assist them in this area).
* People 35-60: Continue developing all functions at a fairly even pace.  At some point will become more confident genuinely using and approaching the world through their role and vulnerable functions, although of course they will always prefer their stronger and more valued functions.
* People 60+: should be almost completely integrated

You can tell how far along on their developmental path is by how they treat others who display the functions they haven't integrated/accepted yet.  For example, it's normal for a teenage INxJ to reject xSxPs (although they don't have to, but it's not unusual), but it would be somewhat concerning (from a developmental perspective) for them to continue to do so into their 20s.  (Unfortunately many people have bad breakups or fights with duals and semi-duals at this age and then refuse to consider them as romantic possibilities later in life, even though these are some of the most fulfilling and satisfying relationships possible.)

Similarly, it's normal for a 22-year-old ExTP to be trolly and enjoy picking at people's deeply held beliefs/Fi (although again, they don't have to), but it's concerning if a 32-year-old ExTP regularly does the same.

I've blabbered long enough.  Point is: you can't change types without starting over developmentally, and I seriously doubt OP is claiming to have the psychological development of an infant.Very astute and accurate!  Some postulate that the PoLR function can be viewed not only as a weakness, but also as a strength and/or a form of freedom.

I would add that IxFJs (and to some extent ExFJs) also reject Te in the sense that there's no such thing as "real", you can't claim to know what's true or exists in the real world because everyone has the potential to be manipulated by their senses.  Kind of the Descartes idea that the only thing we can know for sure is that we, as a Thinking Thing, exists - everything else could be self-delusion or, like, a manipulative demon, or the Matrix, or whatever.

Similarly IxTJ would postulate that there *is* no such thing as being nice, or polite, or getting along with people, in a way that everyone could or would agree on - that that is also a kind of self-delusion.  That people should be treated the way they deserve to be, based on one's own moral compass and one's ultimate goals.

Also ISxPs struggle to explore off the beaten path - you can especially notice this when you watch video game Let's Plays for instance.  What this means is that they are uniquely efficient in achieving their objectives - they don't get sidelined by distractions.

ENxJ's Si PoLR is cool in that it lets us continuously revisit the same topic and come away with different conclusions.  My husband, for example, sometimes laments that we have "talked about a problem before" and that I don't remember the conclusion we came to.  This is actually useful because it means the conclusion we came to wasn't right - when we *actually* solve a problem, and I implement the solution we've agreed upon, it *doesn't* get revisited.  And since I'm kind of 'starting fresh' each time, I always approach issues in new ways, based on the present situation and unencumbered by falling into old ruts or traps.I don't know if you're joking or not but I wasn't trying to refer to you lol.

Most of the information I've gotten from personal observation as well as discussions with u/doctormolotov

He's busy atm but he suggested checking out [this](http://jungian.info/library.cfm?idsLibrary=29) and [this](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/8281-Transcendent-function-and-socionics) as good places to start.

Y'all are always trying to make me Te lol.  A lot of what I know is from personal observation and Ni-Ti, as a teacher and an ENFJ who is generally good at getting inside people's heads.  My suggestion is to take what I say as one potential theory based on original qualitative research and attempt to replicate it through your own analysis and observation. :)This is solid A+ analysis.Honestly you should pull her aside one-on-one and talk to her about it.  Try to leave value judgment (e.g. 'needy', 'annoying', etc.) out of it and just be like, "Hey friend, you know we have lunch the same time every day.  Why do you keep asking?  Are you worried about something?" or "Why did you say you had something important to say and then not say anything?  Was something wrong?"💖It encourages us to adapt to our environment.  To develop goals that are achievable in the circumstances we find ourselves in, and to have a purpose in our family/office/community.  For example someone might fit in better and have a more satisfying and pleasant life as a Harmonizer when the rest of their family has a lot of emotional discord, but the same person might do better as a Dominant when they branch out on their own and need to establish a career and family of their own.  If your father is a strong Dominant, on the other hand, it may be better to become a more adaptive Normalizer, and if your business partner is a Harmonizer due to their family circumstances it may benefit you to step up and fill the role of Creative.

Of course all people will act somewhat different depending on the circumstances they find themselves in, but in order to have kind of a coherent identity and life purpose you have to identify with one primary role at any given point in your life - if you try to be Dominant and Creative at the same time you won't be very effective at either.I don't work that way hehe.  :)  I'm almost the other way around - I can't understand a theory well enough to explain it *until* I've gathered enough information about it in the real world to check it.  Like I can't understand a theory until I have enough real-world or hypothetical examples to check it against.  So the danger in any theory I give is not that it won't be predictive of the real world, but rather that the theory itself is not logically sound.  Like when I make mistake it's more likely to be along the lines of "Birds come out when it's warm therefore the sun gives birth to birds" lol.

Okay so!!  IxxP Creatives. :D

All IxxP Creatives will have strong opinions about the purpose of both Se and Ne and in what situations they are appropriate and useful.  That is to say, they will have a strong mental distinction between "real" and "fantasy", as well as "realistic/practical" and "imaginative/limitless".

Creative INxPs particularly emphasize and value the realms of the 'fantastical' and 'unlimited'.  They may see great value in imaginative work, such as art, creative writing, world-building, and the like.  They also may be drawn to imagining or fantasizing about 'impossible', futuristic, or speculative ideas.  They may have strong opinions about the value of the imagination, strongly preferring it to the 'mundane' aspects of reality.  They also may strongly resist accepting one "true" explanation, or the idea that there is only one "real" right answer.  In this way they may seem a bit like their ENxP counterparts.

Unlike average ENxPs, though, they seem particularly strong in their inferior function.  So a Creative INFP is likely to be particularly comfortable with Te for an INFP - much more productive and industrious.  Creative INFPs are the ones most likely to actually produce something using their Ne - drawing pictures, writing stories, and so on.  They feel motivated and inspired to get their ideas out there and will put in the work to get things published, make websites, physically build things, and so on.  They are also likely to emphasize Te at the expense of Fe, so they will be much more concerned with achieving their goals than with seeming nice and likeable to everyone, and more willing to sacrifice interpersonal utility and expediency in favor of impersonal utility and expediency - for example, they will be more likely to organize their day and home in ways that facilitate practical achievement instead of around personal comfort or social expectation.  In practice this might mean that they take over the dining room and use it as a workshop, for example.  Their work often has a transformative effect, something that changes the way people think about the art or genre they're involved in - for example, Harry Potter or Game of Thrones, things like that.

A Creative INTP on the other hand is likely to be particularly comfortable with Fe for an INTP.  The image I've mentally given this group is of the kind of loopy, brilliant theoretician who spends day and night in the attic working on their master theory and has a loving wife bring them sandwiches or something lol.  They have to be particularly affable and warm in order to be able to work on their ideas because they are the most likely to either lean on or pressure others in order to have more time to play around in their minds.  Also having other people support and believe in them is a strong source of energy and motivation (just like success is a source of energy and motivation in INFPs), but that's true for all INTPs - it just may be particularly useful for Creatives.  I just watched this movie about Srinivasa Ramanujan, the mathematician.  I don't know what subtype the real Ramanujan was (although he was clearly INTP), but the [character in the movie](https://youtu.be/oXGm9Vlfx4w) is a good example of a Creative INTP in my mind.  In comparison to the Creative INFP, they will emphasize their Fe at the expense of their Te - so unlike the INFP, they will actually isolate themselves when working in order to avoid intruding in other people's space or causing inconvenience to others.  Additionally, instead of putting everything in a place that makes sense according to logical organizational principles, they may shove everything haphazardly in a briefcase their late wife gave to them and run off to class to avoid being late and upsetting their professor and so on.  The personal and interpersonal concerns are more important than arbitrary rules - you'll see this also in the Ramanujan example, where he was disgusted with the idea of limiting his Ne-Ti output for something so silly as providing (Te) proofs of his theories.  The work they create does tend to have some kind of Fe value as well - somewhere inside it there lies an answer that could make a difference to others.

ISFP and ISTP Creatives will work similarly as far as Te and Fe are concerned, but their fixation is primarily on the real world and tangible impact.  They emphasize and value the practical, the real, the obvious and are particularly resistant to trailing down 'what if...?' rabbit holes.  They are drawn to physical sensations and experiences, achievement for them largely means mastery and skill rather than discovery.  They are likely quite competitive and driven as well.

For an ISFP this is often a kind of creative (heh) expression, for example creating music or fashion.  They want to be successful and make an impact on the world.  I suspect ISFPs like Lady Gaga and David Bowie are Creative subtypes, or at least have been for the part of their lives where they rose through the ranks.  Like their INFP counterparts, they're willing to sacrifice a lot of the unnecessary pleasantries and good will if it means actually bringing something to fruition.  Like INFPs they also often have a transformative effect on the fields they involve themselves in.

Creative ISTPs tend to seem less high-achieving and more relaxed and integrated into a family or community.  These are the ones you find spending hours practicing skateboarding or becoming pro gamers.  They isolate themselves to achieve mastery and domination over some skill or problem, and they sacrifice Te practicality in favor of Fe community and relationships.  When they do create, it is likely something with some kind of message that's intended to resonate with others, like a sweet woodwork or a song with a universal message.  [This song by Johnny Rzeznik](https://youtu.be/EA68KUb4e7Q) comes to mind.

Okay I think I have typed enough!!!!!!!!!!! O_____O  Let me know if there's anything additional you'd like answered!Where to start haha...first of all, your brother does not sounds like an INTP.  More like something with Te-Fi, possibly a delta (xNFP or xSTJ)

Secondly, I don't think you are Creative.  As I explained in another comment, Creative INTPs are the least interested in the "real world" of all INTPs - who are not particularly interested or invested in it in the first place, tbh.  You seem fairly invested in your political philosophies as far as they relate to our actual reality.

Normalizers are fixated on Ti and Fi, so their primary interest is in internal consistency, either of logical ideas or morality.  They also display particularly strong tertiary and role functions, which will differ depending on the type.Unfortunately no. :)  A lot of it is based on Gulenko's work, in addition to original theoretical research by my husband (/u/doctormolotov) as well as my own observations.&gt; where did you find it?

Check the Gulenko I linked above. :)  Most of it is based off his work originally

&gt; When was this invented?

Uh...seems to be [2006 or so](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=System_of_DCNH_Subtypes)?

&gt; Did you make this theory yourself?

Heh, no.  Based on his work, expanded by original theoretical research done by my husband (u/DoctorMolotov), and fleshed out some by my own observations.

&gt; Will this theory get more popular??

Despite my Ni I am not a fortune teller, but I certainly hope so! :P
&gt; Creative subtypes seek independence and freedom in expression and creation.

&gt; Creative subtypes are fixated on Ne and Se.

&gt; Creative subtypes [...] emphasize their auxiliary and inferior functions, which are their most flexible and original functions.

¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯

Fe really does allow creative INTPs to focus more on Ne.  It is possible that you are not INTP, or you are not Creative, or you are at a developmental stage that suppresses your inferior function (teenager to early 20s).Whew!  I want to answer but my pinky finger feels like it's falling off from typing so much today lol!  I'll just do a summary if that's alright.

Normalizing ISFJ would be fixated on Ti and Fi (strong feelings about what is right and what is logical) and would display an unusual amount of Ti and Ni for their type - very analytical and farseeing.  I've typed Tulsi Gabbard as a normalizing ISFJ at this point in her life, for reference.

Harmonizing ISFJ would be like ultra-ISFJ.  Very gentle and unobtrustive.  Fixated on Ni and Si (deep interest in observation and understanding the world) and would display an unusual amount of Se and Te for an ISFJ.  Meaning they try very hard to be presentable, organized, practical.  Particularly aware of their surroundings.  May be competitive in things like academics and career success, although they always try to seem above board and pleasant.

As far as who is best to figure out your subtype, I would say it's a combination of who knows you best and who knows the theory best.  Probably it will often be yourself.Oh sorry!  Hmmm...the easiest way for me personally to type people is to say "Compared to other INTPs, are they more ExxP?  More IxxJ?" and so on.  Compare yourself to other INTPs you know - do you seem more extraverted or more introverted than them?  Which parts of INTP descriptions do you identify with the least?  Like if you're less scatterbrained than most INTPs, you could either be harmonizing (Si seems like a virtue in itself) or normalizing (you find Si easy to use in pursuit of Ti).

Maybe list each function attitude, write your feelings about each one, and strengths and weakness in each one, and then see if a pattern emerges?&gt; My politics views don't fit that of a normalizer.

Normalizers don't have any particular political views.

&gt; surely the Creative INTPs do actually care about truth?

I didn't say that, I said they suppress Se the most out of any INxPs, which means they are most interested in the theoretical and least interested in the real world.

&gt; I think you are unfairly portraying the Creatives

Until today you didn't even know such a thing as a Creative subtype existed and now you're accusing me of not understanding it.Oh good question!  Well the question is, when you say emotional, what does that mean precisely?  You could be referring to either Fe or Fi (or even Si or Ni actually).

If you are most like an INFP in that you have strong feelings about Fi moral judgments (when they are and aren't appropriate, what is and isn't true), then you are most likely Normalizing.  This would also make sense as Normalizing INTPs emphasize their Si and Fi.

Thinking through all of them I think Normalizing would make the most sense.  If the other descriptions of that seem accurate then that's what I'd go with.  Do some more research and read some of Gulenko's writing to see if that fits!Awww thank you!  I'm really glad it could help and I wish you lots of luck in your self-exploration journey. :)&gt; I see a lot of people not wanting to be a part of a certain subtype, presumably because of the word that is used to describe it. Which seems silly

Oh my gosh tell me about it lol!

As far as your description, it actually sounds more normalizing.  Normalizers are focused on rules, what makes sense and seems right.  Fixated on Ti + Fi and emphasize Si and Te.  The normalizing INTP I have in my head is a very focused programmer with particular ways he likes things done, and very chill with people but a bit reclusive, kind of like an ISTJ.  Btw I think a lot of people misunderstand my description of "rules" as referring to externally imposed rules, but it's not, it's Ti/Fi, right?  So it's more rules the individual makes for themselves in order to understand the world.

A dominant INTP is much more gregarious and comfortable with people and flexible with means - their goal is to achieve some tangible result, they don't care how it gets done.  Fixated on Te + Fe and emphasize Ti + Ni.  The image I have in my head is of the kind of nontraditional psychiatrist at a mental hospital who goes on walks with their patients and gets involved in their lives.

I don't know, do these descriptions help?  I finally understand the theory but I'm still working out piece by piece how each subtype manifests in each type.It's possible you could be Harmonizing?  You say you're often unaware of your physical state - this is actually related to Si much more than Se.  I recently typed a Harmonizing ENTP who displayed a similar sort of suppression of the inferior Si in conjunction with a stronger focus on ignoring Ni and a desire to understand things and pick them apart.  You give me similar sorts of vibes.

If that's true you should feel like you emphasize Ni and Ti more than other ENFPs, but as means to an end - the goal of connecting with others, understanding the world and your place in it, and so on.  Does that seem like it might be right?😘😘😘Hmmm...I think it's likely that they all have that to a certain extent.  It's certainly possible.  Note that a Normalizing INFJ would also have particularly strong Ti and Si relative to other INFJs.Adele is definitely ENTJ.  I don't know enough about Clooney to give an opinion though.Adele is loud and in your face like any Te-dom can be.  It's a different kind of 'in your face' than Se-doms, especially ESTPs.  Compare Adele to someone like Miley Cyrus, Angelina Jolie in her 20s, etc.  Adele is awesome, and fantastic, but she's not "cool".  She's not chill and relaxed and devil-may-care.  She's just not a beta lol.  Her humor is Te through and through (and often tipsy Te lol, in those clips).

She also has hardcore demonstrative Ne eyes (Ne with almost no Si) in all of her interviews.

And unlike ESTPs, she has genuine feelings about things that linger and stay the same over time.  Compare her early work to her later work, and then do the same with Miley Cyrus or Madonna or Taylor Swift or Robyn or Emmy Rossum (all ESTP).  Other ENTJ musicians include Halsey and Hailee Steinfeld.

There's no way she has inferior Ni.  Everything she does is laced with meaning.

She's warm and likeable like any Te-doms are - with role Fe.  Compare to [Brene Brown](https://youtu.be/Sd3DYvBGyFs?t=1m20s) or [Emma Watson](https://youtu.be/q6S6M5e0gsw) or [Sara Bareilles](https://youtu.be/VXxIYvBdXX4?t=56s) (ESTJ) or [Hailee Steinfeld](https://youtu.be/yAFVc_JRr0s) or [Charlize Theron](https://youtu.be/YG5nIHDHU_g) (ENTJ) any other number of ExTJs.  It's not "real" Fe, and the difference is very palpable to me.  Not all ExTJs come across as warm, but a lot of them sure do.  Note that of course I'm not saying that they're faking being kind, loving people or anything, but that their smiles and laughs and eye contact and so on are very clearly a mask or a tool that serves a function, and not a natural expression of their inner feelings.  I can instantly tell the difference between people with valued and unvalued Fe - IxTPs seem infinitely warmer to me than ExFPs, for example, despite ExFPs' demonstrative &amp; very strong Fe.

But like all personality terms, unfortunately, the meaning the listener takes from any particular word depends on the type of the listener, so it's very hard to "prove" a type to someone else just by listing descriptors.  And with role Te - which you can easily tell from real Te, I suspect - it's unlikely I'll ever be able to provide enough receipts to prove my typing of Adele to you :/  which I find very frustrating but.  Oh well, at least I've tried!Precisely. :)I just realized I still haven't responded to your typing requests!  I don't have time right now but I'm busy making a website to list all the ones I've collected and I just wanted to let you know I'm adding your names to the list. :)I got along with most groups but felt closest with the metalheads/goth kids/stoners/gamers even though I wasn't into metal and didn't really smoke pot lol.  Beta clique! :P[Here you go!](http://anoceanofstarlight.imgur.com/)  I have albums for each quadra as well as each type. :)Interesting.  Yeah, tests are a good first step but they're far from definitive.  It got quite close though, which is good.You're very welcome!!

I'm sorry if I've ever contributed to your confusion.  It can be a lot harder to type people via text than in person, and if I recall correctly you've been around since I first started learning how to type people. :)Hahahaha.  INTPs are result types, so reading it out of sequence would be standard for y'all.  When typing oneself, what someone *prefers* to do or *naturally* does is much more important than what they think they *should* do or what they've *trained* themselves to do.

&gt; Kindof want to see you break down every type now

::manic, uncomfortable grin::

This is the first time I've done it like this, and tbh I feel bad because I left sooooooooooooo many things out -_-;  I'm working on a website now, where I'd eventually like to put up masterposts like this for every type pair and eventually maybe even make a quiz or something based on it.  Stay tuned!Thank you so much, that means so much to me. :)

Based on what you're saying, I definitely think ISFP seems the most likely.  Notice that you only need four dichotomies to narrow it down.

What I mean is, there are eight judicious types.  Of those, four are sensing.  Of those, two are negativist.  And only one of those is asking.

Or, you can say there are eight asking types.  Of those, four are result.  Of those, two are judicious.  Of those, only one is negativist.

And so on.

So if five dichotomies match ISFP and one dinky one doesn't, I think it's pretty clear that's a match.

Remember that 'carefree vs. farsighted' is still massively under-researched and to be honest I'm not even sure I grasp exactly what it's referring to.  You'll notice that my research under asking vs. declaring is very different from the established research - this is because I independently discovered and analyzed the dichotomy before I even noticed that it had already been identified.  These dichotomies likely go a lot deeper and have a lot more nuance than what we've discovered so far.  I think that's really exciting, but it's definitely frustrating when you're trying to use them to type someone!Why do you feel you're judicious and not decisive?  It's possible that some of the descriptions are off and could be improved on.

Regardless, I'm happy you enjoyed it and found validation in it, even if it's a bit late! ;)How certain are you of your type?  What do you feel doesn't match?Good thought!  I've added it to my list to-do list.  Might be a week or two. :)You're really kind. :)

I'm not sure, to be honest.  I assume it's probably better than most because they generally do seem to have an excellent grasp on theory most of the time, but to be honest I can't get past the format of the test.  I really hate those "strongly agree to strongly disagree" sliders.This is all really useful and interesting.  You've given me a LOT to work with, and it sounds like a lot of ISFPs are agreeing with you.  I will make notes about this for future descriptions and typing people!Will you check out [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zr3jf/differentiating_infp_vs_isfp_masterpost/df0nczh/) description by another ISFP and let me know what does and doesn't ring true for you?  This is really helpful in adjusting my working definitions of the dichotomies going forward. :)No problem!

MBTI and Socionics are referring to the same system - the same psychological phenomena.  The functions and types are the same.  The only difference is the quality of the descriptions.  A lot of MBTI descriptions are poorly constructed, based on stereotypes, and just plain wrong.  That said, Socionics descriptions struggle with sometimes being overspecific (describing things that apply to *some* people of a type as though they're universal), missing the point (describing how things appear rather than the root cause), or just plain weird.  One INFP socionist I strongly dislike basically implied an ENFJ would only pretend to care for their children so she can flirt with the soldiers entrusted with escorting them from one place to another or something.  That was her a big part of her 'portrait of an ENFJ'.  I'm still salty over it lol.

My favorite descriptions come from Gulenko.  His seem the most accurate, insightful, and in-depth.  [Here](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/281-ISTp-The-Craftsman-profile-by-Gulenko) is his description for SLI and [here](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/66-ISTj-The-Inspector-profile-by-Gulenko) it is for LSI.  Let me know what you think!&lt;3 Thank you, you're a sweet person!!::melts::Oh man, that's a big topic!  I'm sure I will get to it eventually, but for now, you might be interested in researching "[kindred relations](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/88-Kindred-Relations)" in socionics - that's what that kind of relationship is called.

Note that intertype relations are in very, very early stages and need a lot more research.  A lot of the descriptions are flat-out wrong in my opinion.  So take them with a grain of salt!I hope I can do it eventually!  I was in a rare extra-productive mode yesterday so I'm not sure how often I can make these, but I would like to do it eventually.Thank you, you are so sweet and kind. :)  Keep in mind that a *lot* of the info here is from the Sociotype website - I don't want to take any credit for their work!  But I think the majority of it is incredibly accurate, and I hope my observations added something useful as well. :)Hehe, Ne does present that hurdle in some ways!  I really would like to go through and edit these descriptions down a bit - particularly for differentiating between types, I think it would be useful to remove any information that's applicable to both types.  But it's hard for me because a lot of it is framed differently or uses different language so it would be a multi-day project I think.  I'm really glad you found good use out of it!Thank you for the extra info!  A couple notes:

- Deltas (xNFP &amp; xSTJ) tend to dislike the 'aristocratic' label because of the implications; the word itself applies more to Beta (xSTP &amp; xNFJ).  That said, I think that if you think about it in a certain way, you might find it more true than you've realized.  For example, do you tend to lump people into categories like "Trump voters" and "Democrats", and feel comfortable making judgments about those categories of people?  Or think that all people who do x have y characteristic - e.g. "anyone who vapes is a douchebag"?  Do you tend to be somewhat cliquey with your group so that people who don't have the same interests, political values, or lifestyle might not feel particularly welcome?  In some INFPs it's definitely more muted than others, but it's been fairly evident in my interactions with you guys.

- Not being able to patiently listen to others definitely sounds like something that could possibly correlate with your ADD.  But I will keep that in mind in future descriptions; it may need to be tweaked a bit.

- Tbh I'm still not completely sure I understand the distinction between the carefree vs. farsighted dichotomy - I think that one needs a lot of work.  Thanks for bringing that to my attention.

- About ESTJs!  There are two possibilities here.  One is that you're younger than 25.  The younger a person is, the more likely they are to have a love-hate relationship or even be repulsed by people who are strong in their inferior function.  This is because in our teen years we repress our inferior function in favor of developing our ignoring function (Fe for you).  Unfortunately some people have bad experiences with their duals (ESTJ for you) and semi-duals (ENTJ) at this age and then carry that memory into the future, judging new people by it without really getting to know them, which is a shame because these are two of the most mutually satisfying and fulfilling relationships we can have.  The second possibility is that you've mistakenly typed some people as ESTJs who are actually ESTPs or vice versa.  It would be an easy mistake to make, and ESTPs are one of the types you are least likely to get along with and bond with (although it's not impossible of course).

Here are some examples of ESTJs that you might like and not even realize it.  (I've included public figures from both sides of the political spectrum too, but if there's one side you strongly dislike you are also likely to be particularly repulsed by them, so ignore them):

* Bill O'Reilly
* Brene Brown
* Demi Lovato
* Emma Watson
* Estee Lalonde (YouTube)
* Gordon Ramsey
* Hillary Clinton
* Jillian Michaels
* Megyn Kelly
* Michelle Obama
* Paula Begoun
* Sara Bareilles
* Tati (glamlifeguru on YouTube)

Fictional characters (I only type characters that are *obviously* one type):

* both Adam and Haddie Braverman from Parenthood
* Allison from Orphan Black
* Aveline and Vivienne from Dragon Age
* Hermione Granger from Harry Potter
* John Smith from Pocahontas
* Tiana from The Princess and the FrogBoth MBTI and socionics are theories that attempt to explain to the same real phenomena.  Types and functions are real, the sixteen types in both systems are the same, and the functions (and function attitudes) in both systems refer to the same thing.  

Both socionics and MBTI are essentially 'branches' of Jungian typology.  Socionics is a branch of psychology taught and studied at several eastern European universities and has decades of scientific and theoretical research.  MBTI started as a test created by a woman and her mother and has primarily developed into a corporate, for-profit testing service.  This is not to say that MBTI has no valuable use or insights, just that there's no reason to elevate it above socionics as a field of study.  It's like arguing that astronomers are idiots because their calculations don't always conform to the explanation of Newton's laws as printed in a middle school physics book.No, you don't appear to like lists at all.First, you should read some well-written descriptions.  That might be enough in and of itself.

* [ESTJ](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=LSE_Profile_by_Gulenko) (aka LSE - Logical Sensing Extravert - in socionics)

* [ENTJ](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=LIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) (aka LIE - Logical Intuitive Extravert - in socionics)

There are also a lot of things that differentiate ESTJs and ENTJs other than simply their valued perceiving functions.  I'll make a post for it eventually, but here are a few things to research.  You can ignore all the jargon and just pay attention to the descriptions:

* Quadra.  ESTJs are [deltas](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Delta) and ENTJs are [gammas](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Gamma).
* Clubs.  ESTJs are [Pragmatists](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Club_of_pragmatists) and ENTJs are [Researchers](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Club_of_researchers)
* Romance Styles: ESTJs are [Caring](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Caring) and ENTJs are [Victims](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Victim) (ignore the loaded names lol)
* More info on [Sensing vs. Intuitive](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Sensing_and_intuition)
* [Process vs. Result](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Process_and_result).  ESTJs are process and ENTJs are result.
* [Asking vs. Declaring](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Asking_and_declaring).  ESTJs are asking and ENTJs are declaring.

There are a lot more but I feel those are the most useful in differentiating the two types.

I felt resistant to it at first too, but after reading the other romance styles, I realized it was actually quite accurate.

The other possibility to consider is that you might not be ENTJ.I'm working on IxTJs now but I will do ExTJ after that!  I'm glad I could be helpful. :)ENFPThank you for sharing your thoughts!

Two things:

1\. On the Aristocratic part, check out my explanation [here]().  Tbh, I think most INFPs are opposed to the *name* rather than the concept.  Here is part of a comment I wrote elsewhere:

&gt; Deltas (xNFP &amp; xSTJ) tend to dislike the 'aristocratic' label because of the implications; the word itself applies more to Beta (xSTP &amp; xNFJ). That said, I think that if you think about it in a certain way, you might find it more true than you've realized. For example, do you tend to lump people into categories like "Trump voters" and "Democrats", and feel comfortable making judgments about those categories of people? Or think that all people who do x have y characteristic - e.g. "anyone who vapes is a douchebag"? Do you tend to be somewhat cliquey with your group so that people who don't have the same interests, political values, or lifestyle might not feel particularly welcome? In some INFPs it's definitely more muted than others, but it's been fairly evident in my interactions with you guys.

2\. When discussing type distinctions, we're more interested in what you *naturally* do or what you *prefer* to do, rather than what you think you *should* do or have been *trained* to do.  Your tendency is to be declaring, but you've noticed that you often get better results when you imitate an asking type.  I bet that when you're hanging out with other declarers, you let this slip some and just relax into your default state.  (Possibly not, though, if it's a strong habit.)You could be an ENFJ and actually date every type?  Lol.

I'm sure I have at least kissed every type once.

* ESTP &amp; ENFP
* all four IxxPs
* INFJ, ISTJ, ISFJ
* ESTJ

And those are only the people I knew/dated long enough to type from memory. :POohhh, he's a toughie!  I watched about 15 minutes of video.  I'm gonna say my best guess for him is ISFJ.  It's rare that I have to guess anymore instead of knowing right away!  But yeah I see the most evidence for ISFJ.Just adding my opinion in case you're interested!  You obviously know these guys a lot better than I do, these are just my first impressions.

Andi is a tough one for me.  Not ENFJ though.  The only thing I can say for sure is that he's a perceiving dom, and no valued Ne.  So INxJ or ESxP.  I need to see a video interview of him from when he was young (late teens/early twenties) to be sure.  Given the genre I'd say INFJ is the most likely but he really lacks a lot of the warmth they usually have.  Definitely whatever he is, he has a "misaligned" subtype - makes it harder to narrow it down.

Tony as INFJ makes sense.  He's a bit of a fast talker for an INFJ but I think that's just due to nerves.  You can especially see it when he's listening to someone else talk.

Tobias as ENFJ makes a lot of sense!  Good catch, I'm always looking for more of us :DDDDD ENFJ master race

And yep, Uli is definitely ISTP, knew within two seconds.

Well done you!!!  3/4 is seriously impressive.That's a good question.  I haven't listened to them much, but CelebrityTypes types Mick as an ISFP and that seems right to me.Haha they're great!  No, he's definitely not ENFJ.  I think u/GelfSara may be onto something with ISFP.  It makes sense for him.  Not 100% sure though.Thanks for the video of Deris.  I'm going to stick with INFJ.  Don't let forceful or preachy - **especially** via the mediums of art or music - disqualify that in your mind.  Se is still their inferior function, and a Creative INFJ has double Se (both fixated and emphasized), if that's his subtype (although they should also have emphasized Fe).  Compare his demeanor to videos of [Tuomas Holopainen](https://youtu.be/pPDNEIt4d7U?t=1m12s), [Marilyn Manson](https://youtu.be/lUdF2CbKIa8?t=4m25s).  I don't know Deris's music well enough to comment on the preachiness or forcefulness, but if you consider Sam Harris, Noam Chomsky, Hitler, bin Laden, Scott Adams......my dad.....you'll see that that's not uncommon as well.  My dad suppresses his Se a lot, but when it comes out, it comes out hard - he's gotten physical and very emotionally aggressive with me and that's something I've never had happen with anyone else in my life.  And they love their manifestos, almost as much as INTJs do haha.I love Shania Twain!  She is definitely Fe-dom - she's an ESFJ though. :)

CelebrityTypes lists Fiona Apple as an INFP.  I haven't typed her myself yet but at first glance that seems right to me.

That Dash Berlin song is beautiful.  Definitely gives me Ni feels. (slight sense of impending doom in the video haha)(cont.)

**Decisive vs. Judicious**

This refers to whether a type values Si-Ne (Judicious - xSxJ and xNxP) or Se-Ni (Decisive - xSxP and xNxJ).  This dichotomy needs some of the most work.  A lot of this is original research.

*ISTJs (Judicious):*

* natural state is relaxed
* prefer to relax in preparation for work
* are mobilized only for the duration necessary
* have an easy time going from 'mobilized' to 'relaxed', but find it hard to get into “work/active mode”
* may need external stimuli to become mobilized
* split work into chunks and plan relaxation in between
* consider their working conditions (e.g., comfort, freedom, and convenience) more important than the possible results and rewards (e.g., how much they are paid)
* feel more comfortable before a task is completed, in the consideration stage

*INTJs (decisive):*

* natural state is readiness
* prefer to “rev up” and use momentum to propel themselves into work
* may find it difficult to wind down
* may need external stimuli (like a movie) to relax
* prefer to perform an entire task at once and “get it over with”
* take breaks only when necessary or exhausted
* find it difficult to rest with work “hanging over their heads”*
* feel more comfortable after a task is completed, when all is said and done


**VISUAL IDENTIFICATION**
This is a really long and complex topic that I could spend ages on.  Unfortunately there is a lot of information about this that I have stored in my mind but not written down anywhere to share with you.  That said, here are some resources:

* [Filatova's ISTJs](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/43-ISTp-description-(Filatova\))
* [Celebrity Types's ISTJs](http://www.celebritytypes.com/istj.php)
* [Filatova's INTJs](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/35-INTp-description-(Filatova\))
* [Celebrity Types's INTJs](http://www.celebritytypes.com/intj.php)
* [My video](https://youtu.be/tSuLsxniqI4) on visual typing concerning eyes.  Note that both types will occasionally display Ne and Se eyes.  However, ISTJs will almost exclusively display Si eyes, and Ni eyes will be extremely rare.  INTJs will almost exclusively display Ni eyes, and Si eyes will be extremely rare.

A few more little, unedited pieces of info:

* Both types can be quite stiff and awkward in movement, although INTJs will be somewhat clumsier.  ISTJs, with enough training, can be quite good dancers; even the best-trained INTJ dancers will not be particularly good compared to other types.  INTJs are not good at moving to a rhythm and must sacrifice a lot of precision and form to stay in time physically.
* ISTJ performers tend to be primarily concerned with *performance* - they want to be the best at singing, at playing their instrument, at dancing, at working the crowd well, etc.  INTJ performers tend to be primarily concerned with *the artform*.  They tend to have a certain image, message, or idiosyncratic personal “dream” to fulfill.
* Both ISTJs and INTJs struggle with clothes and fashion as a general rule.  However, with practice, they can both achieve quite attractive and even glamorous looks.  At their best, ISTJs are likely to be very put-together, polished, either timeless or tastefully trendy, and very creative within pre-defined limits (for example, putting trendy colors together).  If they are dressed unattractively it is usually due to indifference or lack of skill (when they first start trying).  INTJs, at their best, are likely to be striking, sexy, classy, artistically shocking, and creative in terms of elevating esoteric or undiscovered tastes.  If they are dressed unattractively it is usually due to being crumpled/unpolished or due to taking weirdness too far (e.g. crazy dragon lady nails) - which they are usually aware of and choose to do on purpose for whatever secretive reasons INTJs do things haha.
* Both types of IxTJs are the least likely to be restricted in their clothing and aesthetic choices.  What I mean by this is that, for example, the “dark moody Evanescence” or “tough biker dude” looks are both extremely Beta looks (xNFJ &amp; xSTP), but if you’re going to find ithem in any other quadra, it would likely be an IxTJ.  For ISTJs this is generally due to social influence, e.g. their boyfriend or friends dress like that, or they’re part of a club or community that dresses like that.  For INTJs this is likely due to some personal fascination or desire to be seen or present themselves as a certain way - believing that they are dark and mysterious and so on (for Betas it often, though not always, represents a light/aesthetic choice - “this is just what I like” - rather than a deep or meaningful one, at least on the conscious level).
* For Ni folks: ISTJs feel light and stiff, like a thin plank of wood.  INTJs feel heavy and stiff, like a bar of lead.
* ISTJs are more likely to talk at inappropriate times or innocently say something that sounds rude.  They are more likely to be oblivious and feel embarrassed if someone calls out their Fe.  INTJs are more likely to say inappropriate things (for example, things too heavy for the conversation).  They are more likely to be defensive or hurt if someone calls out their Fe.

**EXAMPLES**

For those of you with strong and/or valued Se (so especially all sensors, but also NJs), I strongly suggest watching some videos and looking at pictures of the following celebrities and public figures whom I have verified to be the listed type.  This will be the most effective way for you to develop your visual typing skills!

ISTJs

* [Alexandra Stan](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFKPhKi6d62xo8dScmfl_jg) 
* [Angela Merkel](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=angela+merkel)
* [Chen Lizra](https://youtu.be/TBIL2sdfoVc)
* [easyNeon](https://www.youtube.com/user/easyNeon)
* [I am Kawehi](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1F1EVFBl3Kg7_aUvQ-nBOg)
* [Jkissa](https://www.youtube.com/user/JkissaMakeup)
* [Lucy’s Corsetry](https://www.youtube.com/user/bishonenrancher/videos)
* [Neil Howe](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=neil+howe)
* [Nick Offerman](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=nick+offerman)
* Paul Farrell (Sharon Farrell’s husband - he is in her [travel diaries](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpwOkWcSLW8))
* [Promise Phan](https://www.youtube.com/user/Promise21111/featured)
* Shane Madej from Buzzfeed (he’s on the left in the beginning of [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EshaB4h0-m4&amp;list=PL2z4S5GSbYew2LWOvhD_DFd6GfYmUL6Y6))
* Fictional characters: Blackwall and Duncan from Dragon Age, Julia Braverman from Parenthood, Maeve from Westworld (the show itself is quite INTJ-influenced), Nala from The Lion King, Rick Grimes from The Walking Dead
* Cultures: the American midwest and Germany

INTJs

* [Charli XCX](https://www.youtube.com/user/officialcharlixcx)
* [Dinah Jane](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=dinah+jane) from Fifth Harmony
* [Elon Musk](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=elon+musk)
* [Gotye](https://www.youtube.com/user/gotyemusic)
* [Jodie Foster](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=jodie+foster)
* [Konrad Adenauer](https://youtu.be/4rHqsO1mIbA)
* [Lorde](https://www.youtube.com/user/LordeVEVO)
* [Robert Prechter](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=robert+prechter)
* [Stephanie Nicole](https://www.youtube.com/user/MsStephNic)
* [Tim Hayward](https://youtu.be/ZOn58pqa4wk) (the economist, not the chef)
* [Willemijn Verkaik](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=willemijn+verkaik)
* [Yanis Varoufakis](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=yanis+veroufakis)
* Fictional characters: Jasmine from Aladdin, Loghain from Dragon Age, Louise Banks from Arrival (the movie itself is very INTJ-influenced), Lucille from Crimson Peak, Walter White from Breaking Bad, William (the father) from The Age of Adaline
* Cultures: England/the UK as a whole (smaller regions may differ)

ESTJ vs. ENTJ will be next, so keep an eye out for that!  No more requests for now please - save them for next time so I don’t get overwhelmed heh!

Hope you guys enjoyed!  I will be happy to answer any theory questions or attempt to type anyone you can provide me a video of if you are unsure of which IxTJ they are.Oops, I put Rick from The Walking Dead in the wrong spot!  He should be ISTJ.

As for the other two...honestly, the way I explain it is like if someone showed you a picture of a piece of furniture and asked you to identify it.  You can come up with some post hoc explanations - "Well, it's got four legs and two arms, and that dude's sitting on it, so it's a chair" - but the reality is that you knew it was a chair as soon as you saw it.  And I hate giving explanations like that because people always come along and say, "Well sofas have two arms and you can sit on them too!!!"  That said, I realize that giving explanations is useful for helping other people get better at typing, or learn to identify certain subtypes that they aren't familiar with...

For Jasmine:

* [this scene](https://youtu.be/WM9Nd_Mc7Oc) shows a lot of Fi in the way INTJs use it - with no Fe lol
* [Ni-Se here](https://youtu.be/RgiZkZuP5Ek).  Also worth noting that Aladdin is ESFP.  Disney romances are almost always duals or semi-duals, for obvious reasons (best chemistry).
* [one more](https://youtu.be/0jeiVOYAmt8)
* [just for fun](https://youtu.be/-kl4hJ4j48s)

For Walter White, [this](https://youtu.be/8h-iAZBtNrs) is a great video.  Everything about him, I mean I don't even know how to enumerate it - his body language, his face, his decision-making is so IxxJ, Te, Ni...his pride, his ingenuity, his explosive Se...his family dynamics...all of it.  Compare his demeanor to Elon Musk or any of the older male INTJ videos I listed.

I'm sorry I can't enumerate for you further, but as I explained, it's difficult for me.  I'm a lot more accurate now when I do it by recognition - intuition, connecting people to other people of the type I know - than I was back when I had to pick them apart, analyze them, and sort them based on their characteristics.

I'm really glad you enjoyed it!  As for the romance style, it's true that 
all of the research needs more work, and remember of course that these are tendencies and that some of them may be less pronounced in certain people due to subtypes, personal experiences, culture, etc.Thank you!  I'll have another one out in not too long, I hope!Hahah I would love to!  But wait until I do the next one, and then scoop in and claim it first yeah? :D

And you're right, totally slipped my mind, how silly of me. ;)Hmm.  No, ISTJs are definitely result types.  Is it possible you could be ESTJ?  They have a lot in common with ISTJs, but are process types.

* things they have in common that I covered: quadra, club, romance style, sensing, asking, aristocratic, judicious
* things they have in common that I didn't cover: logical (thinking), dynamic, serious
* things that are different that I covered in this post (ISTJ on left): result vs. process, strategic vs. tactical, positivist vs. negativist, carefree vs. farsighted
* things that are different that I didn't cover: temperament, introverted vs. extraverted, irrational (perceiving) vs. rational (judging), obstinate vs. yielding, constructivist vs. emotivist

I can do ESTJ vs. ISTJ in a future post.  Just be quick to ask on my next one, which will be ESTJ vs. ENTJ!  The first one to ask next time gets the next spot hehe.I mean, I'm a process type too so...lol, perks of being an ExxJ :P  took a while tho!You're very welcome!  I'm happy you found it mostly true and I appreciate your feedback on the parts I need to do more research on! :)Well if that isn't a resounding vote of confidence lol.

Cultures are typed based on the values of that culture, the kind of people that get promoted and praised, the types that the cultural norms cater to, the primary influencers on art/culture/politics/business, and so on.  Just as a music genre can have a "type" (or more often a quadra), but not all musicians in that genre will be in that type/quadra.  It's what makes Greek INFPs in general seem different from Mexican INFPs as a whole, for instance, beyond simply superficial differences.  Culture does of course have other aspects of "personality" that are not necessarily correlated with type, but many of them (power distance, implicit/explicit, etc.) are.

Anyway, here's the list I have so far.  Oh!  Also important to note that regions, individual cities, and even subcultures can have types as well, which layer under national identity and can emphasize or de-emphasize aspects of it.  Note that most of these are not as certain as my typings of individuals, but just based on general impressions from brief visits, movies, documentaries, etc.  I mostly collect them to give me extra useful background info when typing individuals.  The only ones I can definitively vouch for are ones I've spent several months or longer in (America as a whole, American south, Austin TX, France, Romania, and South Korea.)  Without further ado:

* America as a whole - ESTJ
* Belgium - ISTJ
* Black America - ENFJ
* East Coast, Portland, Seattle, Austin TX - INFP
* New York - ESTJ &amp; INFP
* Deaf Community - xNFP
* South - ESTJ
* Midwest - ISTJ
* West Coast - ESFP
* (South?) Korea - ESFJ
* Japan - ENTP
* Israel, Jordan - ENTP
* Mexico, Latin America - ENFP
* France, Romania - ISFP
* Germany - ISTJ
* India - xNFJ
* Republic of Congo - ENFP
* Sudan - ISTP?
* The U.K. as a whole - INTJlol!Thank you! &lt;3Eventually! ESTJxENTJ has first dibs, so they're next, but if you swoop in when I post that maybe you can claim the next one on the list? :DI would definitely like to do each of them functionally, but as you can see this is already hella long lol.  I also don't like a lot of the wikisocion descriptions of functions in certain positions, especially in lower and unvalued slots, and I don't know these types well enough to make an accurate description of them.  Most of the insights I have about e.g. Ne or Se as an inferior function are buried in other sections, especially the visual typing section.

Also, function loops and grips are not real things.  They may describe real phenomena, but the theoretical basis for them is missing.

Still, role Si vs. role Ni and so on would be really interesting to do!  Leon Tsao has [a really good video](https://youtu.be/SIVSoiwje7I) on how the role function manifests in each type.Girrrrrrrrl.  I feel like I may have offended you or something?  :/  Literally that typing came from watching the movie The Good Lie about Sudanese refugees and some YouTube videos about them as well, and seeing what I could extract about their cultural norms (and how they were different from American ones).

The Republic of Congo typing is based on [this 25 minute video](https://youtu.be/W27PnUuXR_A).

As I said, these cultural "typings" are not nearly as solid or foolproof as my typings of people.  They're not about countries as political actors, but rather their cultural preferences, the kinds of people who are viewed most favorably there, what children aspire to be when they grow up, how they treat strangers, family structures, work culture and expectations, popular and traditional culture, etc.  Cultures that are "workaholics" are much more likely to be ExxJ or sometimes ExxP, for example.  Cultures with very scheduled time are more likely to be xxTJ, whereas cultures with very loose time are more likely to be xxFP.  Cultures with more strict social norms and a focus on honor are likely to have valued Fe, and so on.

And anyway, this is just my work-in-progress list.  Every time I watch a movie, read a book, etc., that deals with a particular culture, I jot down my impressions of it.  I can't guarantee that it holds true for the country as a whole, that there aren't regional or subcultural variations, or that there might not have been changes due to regional upheaval.  I can only give my impressions based on what I've experienced.

ETA: Also, I don't know anything about Tibetan or Myanmar...ian?  culture, so I can't type them.  They may very well be ISTP cultures too.  Not all cultures of the same type are similar, especially superficially...for example Israel and Japan are both ENTP, but in very different ways.Oh I don't mind ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Only in the sense that SJs benefit from more explicit teaching so in that way good parents of SJs will spend more (conscious, directed) time teaching them.  But NJs also benefit more from explicit teaching than either SPs or NPs do, and of course everything a parent does for their child is a form of "teaching", I'm just specifically referring to sitting them down and explaining concepts in an 'academic' way.

Parental behavior doesn't have any causal impact on type, except maaaaybe during pregnancy and very early postnatal experiences (we don't know yet whether it's entirely genetic or has experiential components, but if it does, it's very early - babies differentiate in personality within a few months or less.)She's ISTP :)Haaaa I'm married to one so :D

I'd take you up on your offer but you'd need to shave that curlicue mustache there.It may be only true for a certain region or subgroup, as I said they're still works in progress, please don't take it too seriously. :/  I can tell you're passionate about the geopolitics of the region, but I don't know much about it, only the little bits I've seen.  You should consider my country/culture typings as less authoritative than my fictional character typings, excluding as I said the cultures I've actually lived in or spent a lot of time in.Ah, I see where the confusion comes in.  In socionics, the types are actually labeled differently from how MBTI labels the types.  In MBTI, the last letter (P or J) refers to which of your top two functions (perceiving or judging) is extraverted.  For reference, the perceiving functions are N and S, and the judging functions are T and F.  So ESTJ is Te-Si, and Te - the top extraverted function - is a judging function, so that's why their last letter is J.  ISTJ is Si-Te, and their top extraverted function is still Te, so they are still J.

However, in socionics, the last letter refers to whether your *dominant* function is perceiving or judging.  So for an ESTJ, their dominant function is Te, which is judging - thus EST**J**.  But for ISTJs, their dominant function (Si) is perceiving, so in socionics this type is called IST**p**.

In practice, what this means is that MBTI labels and socionics labels are the same for the extraverts, but the introverts have their last letter swapped.  An ISTj in socionics is an ISTP in MBTI, and an ISTp in socionics is an ISTJ in MBTI.  So when a socionics site refers to xSTjs (and they were incorrect to capitalize the last letter; it should be stylized with a small letter, specifically to prevent this kind of misunderstanding), they are actually saying that (in mbti terms) ESTJs and ISTPs are process types.

ETA: It is possible that my descriptions of process and result types are not yet completely refined and there may be a few things that I didn't explain well or that only hold true for certain members of those types but not all of them.  If there are any bullet points that seem particularly untrue to you, perhaps you could let me know and I'll see if I could find a better way to word them or even question their inclusion altogether.No, mainly textbook Fi in the tertiary position.

You're right that many lists are problematic (or, more accurately, *wrong*).  This list, however, is a list of celebrities I have typed myself.  Of course I expect one or two of them to be wrong, but for the most part typing people is my strongest skill in the realm of typology.All of them I have typed myself.  Here is a list of the names I listed above that **do not even appear on Celebrity Types**:

* Alexandra Stan
* Charli XCX
* Chen Lizra
* Dinah Jane
* easyNeon
* Gotye
* I am Kawehi
* Konrad Adenauer
* Lorde
* Lucy's Corsetry
* Neil Howe
* Paul Farrell
* Promise Phan
* Robert Prechter
* Shane Madej
* Tim Hayward
* Willemijn Verkaik
* Yanis Veroufakis

Here are the ones I listed that we have in common:

* Angela Merkel
* Nick Offerman
* Elon Musk
* Jodie Foster

You didn't even check that before making the accusation, did you?

And I don't agree on all his typings - I think that Ta-Nehisi Coates, whom he recently typed as INFP, is in fact ENFP, for instance - but in the vast majority of cases, we arrive at the same conclusion because he has skill at typing, and that's what type those people are.Very glad if I was able to be of service!  I'm always working on revising the language and analysis to be more clear and accurate. :)💚💕💙🌍🌞&gt; For example, I always try to do things sequentially, but I end up jumping around.

I can't remember if I've told you this before (so forgive me if I have), but the relevant part of your personality type is what you do *naturally*, without trying - if you have learned to self-correct for the perceived challenges or "flaws" of being a result type, then that is more evidence that you are one.  Process types don't have to try to go in order - in fact, I often struggle and have to force myself to go back and re-read something I didn't get the first time, for example (I really hate "going back".)If you're an NF process type, then you're either ENFJ or INFP.  Beta is ENFJ.  I can verify via other methods if you'd like. :)&gt; I think introverts are more prone to single-tasking.

I think the descriptions are just not entirely accurate.

For example, I'm an extravert process-type.  I describe what I do as "multi-tasking".  But what I'm really doing is sequentially switching between tasks in a particular order.  I'm not capable of monitoring or tracking multiple tasks at the same time.

For example, an ESFJ (result type) can keep an eye on a boiling pot as they chat with their friend on the phone and clean up the kitchen - and do all three tasks just as well (if not better) than if they were doing them singly.  Or an ENTJ might take notes in a lecture while they chat with a friend on Skype and try to win auctions on ebay.

That kind of thing literally impossible for me.  Instead, my multi-tasking looks something like:

* read reddit thread
* do one task off "to-do" list
* study for 15 minutes
* repeat

So actually it's not so much "multi-tasking" (doing several tasks at once) as rapidly switching between tasks, but doing them in start-to-finish chunks.

I imagine with introverts, the amount of tasks they juggle at any given point will be lower, but it will still work in a similar way.  My INTP husband (result type) for instance, when he preps dinner, he seems to do things at random to me.  Covers the plate with plastic, wipes the table, puts the plate in the microwave, pours the soda, sets the time on the microwave, washes the dishes in the sink, and so on.  It drives me crazy just looking at him lol.  I'm like "You have to do it in order!"  But ultimately he gets it done, again, just as good if not better than I can.Lol!  I think it's mostly Si actually - for comparison, watch an ESFJ multi-tasking.  Magnificent. O_O

Don't feel bad, INFJ.  You are loved. &lt;3  And your dirty microwave dishes too. ;)&gt; It seems like process types are comfortable/confident with the process, and are less comfortable with results? Whereas results-types are the reverse?

Yes, I think that sounds right.  To be more specific, process types just *don't think about the results* very much.  My husband especially notices this when we play games together - he tries to explain larger goals to me and I'm like "NO!  I'm harvesting my wheat.  Shhh."  In the end I often surprise everyone, including myself, by getting a good result despite having not known what I was trying for in the first place.  I have magnificent beginner's luck in this regard. :PNope, never been an ENTJ :PWhy do you say it's not useful for typing?  Just because it can be more easily altered/hidden by conscious effort?

(PS I'm scared of you, you're mysterious, please tell me what type you are)&gt; To me, process vs result by itself influences behavior in a way that is opaque. It might be useful for some things, but trying to use it directly as a tool for typing seems like a waste of effort.

I see.  I would say that it's less opaque to me.  I mean obviously I don't know the person I responded to, so I can't verify whether their identification of themselves as process is accurate, but I would assume that most people (especially ENFJs) would know quite well which category they themselves fall into, because they have intimate knowledge of their own habits.

Things like that are easier for me to pull out of people, I'd say.  I have a good intuition for how to ask questions to elicit the right answers without influencing them (the reason is because I also know how to elicit exactly the answers I want from people lol, so I just have to do the opposite of that).  For example, a good question to determine process vs. result is "Do you read from start to finish, or do you skip around in a text?"  That's a strong divider.  "Do you multitask?" is a weak/shit one, because 'multitask' is one of those words that means something different depending on the type you ask.

Regardless, I usually type holistically, so I wouldn't consciously seek result vs. process for the most part - but I might spontaneously notice it in someone.  &gt; Likes to talk shit

sure, it's possible, but generally they are not that gossipy.  They can enjoy a good bitch-fest though.

&gt; is a show off,

You'd have to define the term.  Some people will see ESTJs as show offs.

&gt; shallow, vain/narcissistic, self-absorbed

Define the terms.  Some types are more prone to use these words to describe ESTJs.  On a fundamental level I don't think any type is more or less shallow or deep, in terms of valuing "trivial" or "important" things.  If you're talking about superficial in terms of physical appearance, if you're talking about focusing on how things are in the real world rather than their deeper implications, if you're talking about caring about celebrity culture and reality shows, and so on...there are so many things these words could mean, and some of them apply to most ESTJs and some of them don't, so you'll have to define your terms.

&gt; fickle, easily bored

not likely, no.  At least not in terms of group activities or (especially) work/productive activities.  They can get easily bored when 'relaxing' and are prone to fast-forwarding through TV shows, accidentally interrupting long-winded speakers, and so on.  I would say "impatient" more than easily bored.  They can definitely get very bored when they don't have any projects or work to do.  I've known ESTJs that came into work even when they had paid leave because they don't know what to do with themselves at home.  (Lots of them have hobbies and side projects that keep them occupied, though, when not working.)

&gt; dramatic

You'd have to define the term, but usually not.  They can be over-the-top, boorish, loud.  Or kind of theatrical and silly.  Very rarely dramatic in terms of waterworks, insults, or woe-is-me rants though.

&gt; makeup obsessed

sure, any type can be

&gt; has a horrible memory

Define "memory".  All types have different strengths and weaknesses in terms of memory.  ESTJs have good procedural memory (remember how to do something they've done before) and episodic memory (remember the details of a particular interaction or event).  They also can have quite good technical memory (remember terms, how systems are constructed, etc.).  They tend to struggle with remembering cause-and-effect, with avoiding bad habits, with remembering the implications of things, remembering complex theoretical ideas like literature analysis or psychological theories unless these things are broken into clear "facts" and "rules"; also they may struggle to implement advice, put theory into practice, or avoid making the same *kinds* of mistakes they always make in novel situations (e.g. they struggle to learn that overextending themselves in one arena of life has negative consequences in other arenas).  Some people might consider this to be a bad memory ("You never learn.")  Probably they don't have a great memory for names, faces, plotlines, etc. either.

Of course memory is something like athletic ability or intelligence that exists on a scale separate from type, so you can have an ESTJ with a horrible memory and an ESTJ with an amazing memory.  Generally the *kind* of memory ESTJs have means that they are, as a whole, considered by society to have a pretty good memory.

***

If I had to guess, you are probably describing an ExFx here with these negative descriptions.  More likely ExFJ if you're IxTJ; more likely ExFP if you're IxTP.  If you're any other type, it would be harder to narrow it down.I just want to say that I got so much satisfaction out of reading this :) :) :)Certainly possible!

* intuitives
* feelers
* humanitarians (NFs)
* process-types
* aristocratic
* strategic
* constructivist

However, there are of course a large field of differences.  You may be interested in my Type vs. Type posts.  The next one coming out will be ESTJ vs. ENTJ.  If you sweep in early, you may be able to request INFP vs. ENFJ as the next one (it would be fun to do something other than sensor vs. intuitive!)

Also, synchronicity - you may be interested in [this dom-Fi vs. dom-Fe post](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/66pxhn/both_our_dominant_and_ignoring_functions_are/) I just made!&gt; if you see an "ENFJ" exhibiting Ne behavior, they're not an ENFJ

For anyone reading who trusts my background and information, I just want to let you know that this could not be further from the truth.  ENFJs have Ne as a demonstrative function, so they actually use and display Ne more than INFPs, and indeed any other type other than Ne-doms (and equal to ENTJs).  It's just not a valued function for us.omg 😘😳😊

i💖u2LOL

They really try hard!  They're just always wrong!  Bless their hearts.

I'll be happy to give my types for any characters anyone is curious about if I've typed them. (I have a whooooole big list lol)Fe can be just as brutal, if not more so, than Te.  Brutal Te means that human considerations are considered irrelevant; brutal Fe means that goals are set *specifically* with adverse effects toward people in mind.

But yes, both are equally goal-driven.  America's an ESTJ culture, and most European cultures are Te-Fi as well, so Te goals are often considered more "real" or valuable t/here.

Compare Fe cultures like Korea, India, or Japan, where things like honor, respectability, and social expectations are considered much more important.I can't read those function tests at all.

For an INFJ I would expect Te to be lowest all around.

Otherwise it depends.

If they test by strength, it should be in something like this order:

* Ni
* Fi
* Fe
* Ne
* Ti
* Si
* Se
* Te

If they test by conscious awareness of the function (which I suppose would be required for self-reporting), it should be something like:

* Ni
* Fe
* Fi
* Ti
* Se
* Ne
* Si
* Te

If I had to guess based on your results I'd go xNFP maybe?  Hard to say.:*!&gt; "hardened" ENFJ

Heh this makes me think of Dragon Age.Also ESTJs want to be a "good boy/girl". c.f. Hermione Grangerjermofo.  have you seen [her face](https://youtu.be/1ooKsv_SX4Y?t=2m30s) tho.

Also I can't follow anything she's saying (my brain can't listen long enough for her to get to a point), which is not a problem I've experienced with Te doms.Can you link to a video of the character?  I can give it a shot.

PS MBTI and socionics *should* return the same type.  They are both systems describing the same real-world phenomenon.You're more than welcome, I'd be happy to help you figure out your type.

Would you do me a favor and fill out [this questionnaire](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4yj2c0/get_typed_here/) if you get a chance?  I could give you a more definitive answer if you do. :)omg you are too cute&gt; Would it not be simpler to map what you're describing onto the inferior functions of these types, hence the love-hate relationship?

Well, I think it's both.  We *prefer* to use our inferior function, but our ignoring functions are a lot stronger, and since both of them are unconscious functions it's often not exactly clear which one gave us the urge/impulse.  But there are lots of areas in which only one will be useful (for instance Te is not very useful to an INFP who's trying to fit into a social group at school), and for the ones where we could go either way, that's where that tension comes in.

&gt; My experience with the dominant function in the opposite attitude is that I can be a recipient of it and understand it in the moment, but actively using it myself is extremely difficult.

Exactly.  It's partly because the preferred attitude is valued, but also largely because the ignoring function has low energy (#4 above).  The demonstrative (6th) function is also unvalued but has high energy so it's not difficult for us to use it.No, she's ISFP. :)

Others if you're interested:

* Alistair - ESFP
* Aveline - ESTJ
* Blackwall - ISTJ
* Cassandra - ENTJ
* Cole - INTP or ISFP (from memory; need to go back and replay)
* Cullen - ISFJ
* Dorian - ENTP
* Duncan - ISTJ
* Iron Bull - ENFJ
* Josephine - ESFJ
* Loghain - INTJ
* Morrigan - ISTP (although her voice seems more INFP sometimes)
* Sera - ENFP
* Solas - INFP
* Varric - ESFP
* Vivienne - ESTJ::blush:: I haven't heard that before.  Thank you! :DYes, that falls under the "large field of differences" section ;)Hmm, I would not be so quick to assume positive (even positive but misguided) intentions in Fe.  Fe (and Te) speak to objectives, but not to underlying motivations - those stem from Ti and Fi.  An Fe-dom can have genuinely evil motivations - selfish, destructive, abusive, and so on.  All Fe means is that they know *how* to influence people, how the organization of things or the mood will impact people, how to read and impact the mood in a room, and so on.  It doesn't tell you *why*.  A good Fe person uses their abilities to help people and make a positive difference; a bad Fe person might be more like a snake oil salesman or worse - a sadistic Fe-dom would be very scary in my opinion.  I recently read a story about a woman who had this whole alter-ego where she dressed up as a scary witch every time she abused her granddaughter, and made her call her "Nelda the Witch" and threatened that the witch would come if she was bad and all this stuff.  That seems like the kind of sadism only a fucked up FJ would use or maaaybe an ExTP, because they know how much that would screw up the kid and still allow them to be treated like a "good" grandma when they wanted that too.  Makes my blood boil.

Just like a congressperson with strong Te might not always make the best decisions for the smooth functioning of the country, but actually make the best decisions to increase their bank account.  A friend with strong Fe might not convince you to break up with your SO because it's what's best for you, but actually just because they want to date them themselves.

Also Fe is not as judgmental of outsiders as Fi (especially NFP) can be.  You can think of it in a way as a "line of best fit".  We often look for the "least bad" solution, or the one that is the most acceptable for the majority of people (or, again, if we're being evil, the one that is most harmful or most likely to make us popular or whatever).  Strong Fi is more likely to seek assimilation (a lot of SJWs are NFPs for example) - seeing one right way to be and anything else as wrong.  Immature Fe can and does often pressure conformity when things make them uncomfortable though (what they consider to be bad manners, people arguing with each other, etc.)Of course!  Feel free to post your answers here, PM them to me, or send them to me in a Google Doc :)Good question.  The first list was for strength.  So Si is a 2d function for you guys (you can learn both through experience and through being taught), and it's also a conscious function (you can choose - though with difficulty - to switch it on and off).  So it's a fairly strong function; you can often see people displaying their role function, especially around strangers or in novel situations.  Se, on the other hand, is both 1d (only learn through experience) and unconscious, as well as being the opposite attitude of your dominant function (so it's extraverted while you're introverted) so I would guess it would be much less noticeable on a function test that sorted by "strength".

That said, what the *individual* is conscious/aware of often does not match which functions are strongest or most often used for them.  Se is your inferior function, so you can kind of think of it as like the "holy grail" of an INFJ's life, at least early to middle aged.  It's something you search for and seek, so you notice it a lot more in yourself when it shows up.  Additionally, because we're integrating our ignoring function (Ne for you) in high school, we often suppress our inferior function, and then it comes rebounding back in our early twenties.  People often notice this change and interpret themselves as having more of the inferior function than they actually do, just by virtue of it being a fairly quick change that stands in contrast to the previous state.  Si, on the other hand, is unvalued, so it's ignored most of the time and not something the ego would identify as being part of itself.  Plus, the time when it's most used is when we're in novel situations and/or surrounded by strangers, which is when we're least likely to be evaluating and noticing ourselves.  So in a functional test that measured how the person felt about *themselves*, I would expect the role function to be quite low.&gt; When someone of a different dom function makes a decision based on a hypothetical, it's not readily graspable by other types that lack the ability/willingness to accept that sort of information from others.

This is exactly right, very good point!

In case you're curious -

* 4d: dom &amp; demonstrative (Ni and Ti for you)
* 3d: aux &amp; ignoring (Te and Ne)
* 2d: tertiary &amp; role (Fi and Si)
* 1d: inferior &amp; vulnerable (Se and Fe)Hmm, good question.  He's hard for me.  Probably INTJ."Explain" is a difficult question for me.  I type people holistically, not by individual features.  So I can tell you attributes of a person that make them seem a certain type, but I'm really making it up after the fact.  I already know what type they are, just by seeing them.  It's like if someone showed you a piece of furniture and asked you to explain how you know it's a chair.  You can make up reasons after the fact, but actually, you just knew it as soon as you saw it.

Here might be a more useful way to do it -

ESFPs who have similar attributes to Varric: Ana Kasparian, Bill Clinton, Leonardo DiCaprio, Aladdin

ENFJs similar to Iron Bull: Elliott Hulse, Jennifer Lawrence, Joe Biden, Kate Winslet, Tobias Sammet

ISTPs similar to Morrigan: Steve Bannon, Taylor Momsen, Vladimir Putin, Stella Carlin from OitNB, Helena from Orphan Black, Jane from DariaIt's possible.  But 0 Fe is more likely IxTJ than ExTJ (ExTJs have role Fe, so they often demonstrate Fe in novel situations and among strangers.)&gt; Fe values the "group."

You might find [this video](https://youtu.be/IOIpgTBAfKA) useful.  I was very pleased to see Fe described in a way I could totally relate to.  [Here](http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2015/10/commentary-on-myers-definition-of-fe/) it is in text if you prefer.

The salient part (emphasis mine):

&gt; Then there is Briggs’ assertion that Fe serves to make the individual feel “correctly and conventionally” at all times. If, by this description, Briggs means that Fe seeks to induce others to feel certain values or emotions, then I would say that the proclivity to push for one specific outcome or emotion is much too close to the subjective (i.e. internal) factor to be associated with Fe, or indeed with any extroverted function. The push for equivalence between inner and outer psychic contents is much more often seen with the subjectively-laced introverted functions, with Ni and Si being perhaps the clearest examples here.

&gt; If, on the other hand, Briggs means that “feeling correctly” is the same as feeling included and validated, then she is much closer to what I contend to be Fe: **Rather than imposing itself on others, Fe tends to “spread its warmth” so as to “do the groundwork” for the whole room to feel comfortable and willing to contribute.** Since others are granted a space in which to share their perspectives and open up to others, it follows that Fe does not impose any one way of feeling upon others, but rather includes their way of feeling in the overall nexus of the feeling situation. On this point, I therefore disagree with the site admins that the individual’s aims or desires are not at least partially determined by the functions themselves: **On my view, Fe has the intrinsic goal of bringing as many voices as possible into the discussion and to help others see the points of disagreement between their views, so that eventually, a conclusion may be reached that everyone can agree on.**  Of course, that isn’t always possible, but that is what Fe is driven towards.

&gt; On the other hand, Fi judges people based on their own internal values and therefore is more accepting of outsiders.

This is a really important distinction to make: Fi is accepting of SOCIETAL outsiders - *not* outsiders to their *own* moral compass.

Forgive me for the stereotype, but a large number of Deltas (NFPs &amp; STJs) are accepting of minorities, LGBT, people of different religions and cultures, and so forth.  This is a sense in which they can be said to be very accepting and open-minded.  But the question I have is - what about the working-class whites?  What about Trump supporters?  What about very conservative Mormons?  What about 'converted' gay people?  What about bankers, supermodels, race car drivers, stereotypical housewives, hunters, survivalists, reality stars, people who brag on social media all day?  Do they receive the same acceptance and open-mindedness?

This is not to say that all deltas are liberal - many are indeed conservative, and so you would need to switch up the categories.  But the salient point is that they reject people they see as having "chosen" to be "wrong" - they see a large group that includes 'acceptable' people, and then another group of people who have "chosen" to not do the "right" thing. They don't feel bad prejudging those people because they see it as that person's decision rather than an inherent part of their identity.  The issue (from my perspective) is that they see it that way regardless of how they've set up their camps lol.

Fi in Gammas (xSFPs and NTJs) works a bit differently; the above description doesn't necessarily apply to them.

Also btw Ne as an aux function is supervised by Fi in INFPs, so they actually are *not* able to see the possibilities for people outside of their moral beliefs and categories.  They would need Si - experience with people in that group - to do that.  Of course, the more mature the INFP is, the more integrated their Fe, and so most INFPs are quite capable of treating people in a respectful and open-minded way...it's just not a conscious function for them, so what they believe and how they act are not always perfectly lined up.  Same with me and me Fi, and anyone with their ignoring function - it's high information but low energy, so difficult to get off the ground in practice.

ENFPs are different - since their Ne supervises their Fi, they are actually quite capable of seeing things from a different way.  ENFPs are kind of the "filter" of the delta quadra.  Often things they do that seem to be subversive to the group-think (e.g. one belief might be "trans people are good, Trump supporters are bad") indirectly reinforce it.  For example ENFP Kurt Vonnegut's Harrison Bergeron story is an excellent twist on the question of equality.  It actually convinced me that we should let trans athletes compete in athletics as their identified gender - or at least, that that makes the most sense given the position our society is increasingly taking on them (that they are equal to cis people of that gender).  On the surface the story seems to be a critique of equality, but underneath it was actually paving the way to answer the difficult questions that even people in the "good" category can disagree on.

&gt; I see this as being more of an Ni-Se trait, where they see one truth and do what they need to enact that truth in the real world.

This is mostly Ni-doms.  But then you keep in mind that Ni doms have weak Se, and so only "enact" the absolute strongest most essential truths - how pushy are most INxJs you've met in real life?  And xSTPs have weak Ni, so it's much rarer for them to be able to see that one truth, although they're very forceful once they do.  And then ENFJs, who have a healthy mix of both Ni and Se, also have Fe supervising our Ni, so assuming that we are healthy and relatively good people, the needs and feelings of the people tend to override our beliefs about what's true or not.  There are exceptions, but most of the time ENFJs need support and approval to do anything dramatic (like MLK jr.).  Psychology built in a stop-gap for us - our desperate need for love and approval lol.  INFJs don't need that in the same way, so that's why you can end up with Hitler and bin Laden alongside Gandhi and Leonard Cohen in that camp.I want to give you explanations, but as I said, they're all made up after the fact.  I can just feel the difference - I know what ESFPs feel like, and what ENTPs feel like, and he's different...

The way he self-promotes is "cool" and chill, not cheeky and pushy like an ENTP (think Saul Goodman from Breaking Bad or any Pauly Shore character).  Which is not to say I can't find ESFPs embarrassing or pushy (c.f. [this video](https://youtu.be/SoyO34A8D-E) Ana Kasparian, ESFP, made for herself), but it's in a different way and I don't know how to descriiiibe it lol!

He never feels sorry for himself, which is really common in ENTPs (see the singer in [this video](https://youtu.be/PIh2xe4jnpk), ENTP).  He also doesn't start arguments and debates with people.

That's not to say ESFPs can't be cheeky - he is, but in a different way.  He doesn't say things to see what effect they'll have, he says exactly the thing to get exactly the effect he wants.

Also...I guess it's hard to say without sounding rude, but for me personally - I usually find ENTPs to say interesting things but be unbearable to listen to (they take forever to get to a point, they stammer a lot, etc.), whereas ESFPs are easy and comfortable to be around - easy to understand - but don't really talk about things I'm interested in for the most part.

Also [look at the way he talks when he's mad](https://youtu.be/AL7j0lFZQBo).  No ENTP can muster that kind of intensity (Se). :P

Anyway, I really suggest googling interviews of the other ESFPs I listed and watching them back to back with Varric.  I think you'll see the similarities.I don't know her!  Could you give me a couple of clips of the character that you think show her personality well?

And my list is like 26 pages long :P  I'm working on something though, stay tuned!Well, as I said, I don't really know how cognitive function tests purport to work so this is basically just how I personally would set one up if I were going to test it.

But it would be something like -

*Strength*

* Ti (dominant - 1st)
* Si (demonstrative - 6th)
* Se (auxiliary - 2nd)
* Te (ignoring - 5th)
* Ni (tertiary - 3rd)
* Fi (role - 8th)
* Fe (inferior - 4th)
* Ne (vulnerable - 7th)

*Self-awareness*

* Ti (dominant)
* Se (auxiliary)
* Si (demonstrative)
* Ni (tertiary)
* Fe (inferior)
* Te (ignoring)
* Fi (role)
* Ne (vulnerable)

(I included the labels so anyone else can make one for their own type too!)&gt; I'd prefer you use reason rather than try to use ethos.

I didn't write it for you, and I'm not writing this reply for you either, although you are welcome to benefit from it.  I'm writing it for people reading who are still trying to learn what's true and what's not.

&gt; The last four functions are largely subconscious to their user.

Jungian psychology doesn't use the term 'subconscious'.  The unconscious functions are tertiary, inferior, ignoring (5th), and demonstrative (6th).

&gt; Why would these functions then be more apparent than the user's other top three functions?

The ignoring function is not apparent to others; the demonstrative function, however, is.  The user switches freely (and unconsciously) between the tertiary and demonstrative; however, because the demonstrative is stronger, it is usually more apparent to others.  A type will display almost as much of their demonstrative function as they do of their dominant; the easy way to differentiate is to see if they have the matching function in the pair or not (i.e., you will be able to see Si in most Ne-doms, but not in most ENxJs).

&gt; I also think it's insidious to put too much stock in Socionics on an MBTI forum.

Socionics and MBTI are two branches of Jungian typology that attempt to explain the real-world phenomenon of personality types and psychological differentiation.  Saying that you shouldn't combine them is like saying we shouldn't compare notes between American zoologists and Russian zoologists when attempting to classify animal species.

&gt; One of the most defining characteristics of ENFJs compared to ESFJs are that since ENFJs possess Se instead of Ne, they're much more hard-hitting

True to an extent, also not to an extent.  ESFJs have more Se than ENFJs do - their demonstrative function is stronger than our tertiary.  So you'll often see more Se in an ESFJ.  That said, ENFJs *value* Se more than ESFJs do.  ESFJs are often embarrassed by their Se - for example, they come up with excuses to go shopping because they don't want to admit that they just love pretty things.  An ESFJ is unlikely to use Se in a confrontation unless absolutely necessary - they would prefer to avoid it if possible.  But they would likely be better at it than an ENFJ if they were forced to use it.  ENFJ is the same for Ne - stronger, but unvalued.  ENFJs try to avoid acting silly for the most part, but are better at being novel and creative than ESFJs when necessary to achieve our goals.

&gt; Who wants to be a stupid sensor, right?

This is what we in psychology call *projection*.Sure, go for it!  Although it would be even more helpful if you could make a video of yourself answering the questions!&gt; Can you give a similar answers for Alistair?

ㅜㅜ please don't make me lol.  Explaining how I know things is really challenging for me.

&gt; Whatdo you think leads people to believe varric is entp?

Because they are bad at typing and base things on stereotypes rather than actually understanding the types.::blush blush::Good question!  I'm really flattered that you asked me. :3

She's really cool!  I believe she's INFP.&gt; You said that Delta vs Gamma Fi is different somehow? And how does that compare to how Alphas and Betas judge people?

Whew, that's a lot to go into!

Deltas are aristocratic and Gammas are democratic.  What this means is that Deltas kind of see natural "groups" of people (in their case, often people who have "good" values and people who have "bad" ones or make morally bad decisions), often with hierarchies within each group.  Deltas for instance, especially xSTJs, are the traditional fans of the "old boys club" in business and politics.  Of course a lot of Deltas reject that concept now for being sexist, but they recreate it in other formats - having hierarchies in club or activist organizations, preferring chain of command to free-for-all at work, and so on.

Gammas, on the other hand, are what's known as democratic.  They see all people as starting out on equal footing, and believe that the only way to get ahead in life is to sell yourself, to promote yourself, to build your skills and kind of show them off.  I personally think of Gammas as the most "show off"y type - not afraid to talk about what they're good at, even brag about it, the status and achievements they've gained, and so on.  Of course what constitutes "showing off" differs a lot depending on what type you ask. ;)  ISFPs are the least likely to actively/verbally show off because they often feel quite insecure about their achievements, but a lot of beauty queens and pop/rock stars are ISFPs, so take that into consideration.

Gammas tend to be quite insular, and I think of their Fi as more inward facing.  It's less about what's "good" and "bad", and more about what they personally like and dislike.  If they split people into groups, it would be along the lines of "my people" (whom I'm loyal to and must protect) and "everyone else".  INTJs are the only ones of them who can be pretty preachy about morality, but it's generally more of a form of self-aggrandizement ("look how enlightened I am") and less an actual call for other people to follow them.  For example a lot of political theorists (Karl Marx, Ayn Rand), serial killers, and mass bombers are INTJ.

Betas are aristocratic, like deltas.  Alphas are also democratic, like gammas.  Both are Fe-Ti.

I've heard it said that if Deltas have "cliques", Betas have "crews".  Meaning, who's allowed to *hang* or who gets invited to do stuff is what we Betas base insider-outsider on.  It's less that there are good and bad people, and more that there are people we find cool/interesting and people we find lame/boring.  I've also heard Beta groups described as kind of like a tribe or something, where there's hierarchy in the form of a warlord, his inner circle, the average people, and then the outcasts.  Betas like stories where the king finds an urchin boy with *~potential~* and elevates him to be his right-hand man.  Of course democratic types view this as unfair because they don't feel the boy has earned his position, and Deltas feel it's unfair because he hasn't put in his dues.  I would say that urban gangs are also quite a Beta structure.  Betas admire people who challenge themselves, overcome obstacles, push themselves hard, and also people who fight (often reluctantly, at first) for a "greater good" or for survival.  Like those movies where the father gives up everything he has to save his daughter, or a lone wolf who stands against all the powers that be.  Underdog stories - what I mean specifically is "outsider" stories, where someone who "doesn't belong" comes in and shows everyone how strong and powerful they are - are really popular among Betas.

Alphas are democratic, but they don't fight for status the way Gammas do.  I think it might be more accurate to say that they vie for popularity.  There's a big emphasis on being nice/sweet/smart/useful etc.  Being a good provider, being a good mother, fulfilling your duties and your roles.  Unlike gammas, who want to be (for example) the "best mom in the mommy group", alphas want to be THE mom in the group, and will slowly suck up responsibilities and praise for themselves for that role in their circle of influence.  They can be very gossipy and bitchy.  They judge people's value as harshly as Deltas do, but unlike Deltas - who see people as "good" or "bad" based on their adherence to moral standards - they judge people on how much they contribute or take from the group/community.  So someone can't be "bad" because of something they do alone, but if it's a bummer to other people, or causes inconvenience or pain to others, they lose social standing and begin to be seen as worthless, dead weight, etc.  Conversely, the more benefit a person contributes to the group, the more popular and liked they are considered to be.

Okay I've blabbered enough!  I've just included a mostly random collection of information and observations here so I'm sure there's a *lot* of stuff I missed, but I hope this at least gets you closer to having a clear picture in your mind!Of course! :)wat i am the most srs bzns.I love Game of Thrones!  But alas, I've only seen the first season.  Based on that alone I'd say INFJ seems more likely, but I've heard little tidbits about later seasons like you mention here and some of the choices do seem like they would match ENFJ more.  Remember, of course though, that Hitler was also INFJ...Regardless she is very cool!  Sorry I couldn't be more help. :(

Oh ps just looked up an interview with the actress who plays her, Emilia Clarke - she seems to be INFJ herself, which could throw off the typing of the character as well!  I would probably stick with INFJ just because actors tend to play ambiguous characters closer to their own type rather than farther away when possible.You're very welcome!

I would not say that there are *degrees* of aristocracy, etc. - but rather that they manifest differently depending on the other groups the types belong to.  For example, temperaments - all IxxPs are a lot more internally discerning and less likely to impose their beliefs on others, all ExxPs are the most likely to change their minds quickly and live more in the moment, etc.  And then things like asking vs. declaring, positivist vs. negativist, static vs. dynamic, etc. can have a big impact on what *elements* of being aristocratic or democratic are displayed and which ones are hidden or muted.

What I suggest your sweet Fi-Ne spend its time on, rather than look for individual "outs" for each dichotomy, is to try to find the full range of expression that it can have in people.  Some xNFPs are very cliquey, this I know for sure, but I've definitely met some that are very welcoming and friendly.  The question you might pose for yourself is - what life experiences might determine whether an xNFP defaults into cliqueyness, or decides to be more inclusive of people with dramatically different political beliefs and backgrounds from their own?  In xNFPs who are more inclusive in some social spheres, what might be other areas they express the aristocratic trait?  How do subtypes influence the expression of these traits?  And so on.

[Here](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Democratic_and_aristocratic) is a good overview of the difference between the two.  Not every description is going to be entirely accurate - they all need a lot of work - but I would suggest pushing yourself to try to *make the description work* - make little tweaks and changes so that it's as accurate as possible - rather than look for flaws or mistakes per se.  A lot of these deeper traits are things that we don't see in ourselves, may even believe the opposite of.  Just because you feel something is true about yourself (even with Fi!) doesn't mean it always is exactly the way it seems.  Remember that words can have different meanings depending on which direction you're approaching them from - "bubbly" and "organized" are two words that have almost a completely different meaning depending on the type you ask.  So remember that some of these descriptions might have been written by people who have completely different types from you - try to figure out the underlying concept they're trying to convey, not necessarily the window dressing.  (Elon Musk said that language is essentially a very lossy form of compression, and I really liked that description!)

I have a lot more to say about it but to be honest a lot of it is pretty...uncomfortable.  For example Deltas often say that they don't put people into groups, but then most identity politics comes out of Delta philosophy and analysis.  What it means to be "black", what it means to be "Muslim", why it's relevant that Hillary Clinton was a woman.  I could go into a lot of deeper reasons but essentially it's important for a lot of Deltas to not discuss or acknowledge the fact that they do actually split people into groups based on their perceived characteristics.  I think it is not something most of them can necessarily even perceive in themselves, and there is a lot of projection involved as well - accusing others of judging people by the color of their skin, for instance, when the other people may have completely different criteria they judge people by (which may or may not be good criteria; the point is that it's often just different from how Deltas suspect).  [This](https://www.nyu.edu/about/news-publications/news/2017/march/trump-clinton-debates-gender-reversal.html) article was astounding from that perspective.  I think a lot of the people involved in the project went in expecting one thing and were completely shocked by how they left.  It may have opened a lot of people's minds.  I think acknowledging the uncomfortable aspects of oneself is really important for personal growth.  Interestingly there's an ISFP that wrote the most brutal and uncomfortable descriptions of ENFJs, and I was yelling at my husband about how mean and bullshitty it was, and over time I've come to realize more and more just how accurate and well-written it is - that's why it makes me so mad.  It still gets my hackles up though lol!  [Here](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=EIE_by_Stratiyevskaya) it is if you want to check it out.You did a lot of really good work here.  I'm really impressed by the depth and accuracy of your self-reflection - it's rare to find that in a person.  I don't have much to add but I just wanted to let you know that I really enjoyed reading it and I think you're on the right path!She's ENFP.You are exactly right.  Every type gives zero fucks about certain things, and cares a lot about others.

As to why STPs love to claim they don't, it's a defense mechanism.  One of the main things they care about - and often don't even admit to themselves - is what other people think of them.  They know that makes them seem uncool so actively try to hide/misdirect.(cont.)

*ENTJs (declaring)*

* tendency to monologue
* much of what they say seems more statement-like, even questions
* listen attentively and silently to others' speeches to return to a long speech
* find it easier to talk to one person at a time
* before starting to talk, first ascertains that attention is grabbed
* very patient in terms of others' speech in terms of letting finish
* prefer to finish their speech before letting others talk
* like closure and feeling that their point was conveyed
* questions are often either rhetorical or only strictly motivated by serious need for certain information

*my research*

* unsolicited criticism or praise is mostly ignored or discarded; most effective criticism or praise is that offered as the response to a request
* send out regular "pings", soliciting either verbal or physical judgments of their value or position in society, and judge themselves on the responses to these pings (self-evaluation and self-esteem are more variable/open to change and are a response to most recent ping responses)
* declarers judge their value and worth mainly in terms of other people's actions and attitudes toward them - specifically for ENTJs, this generally comes in the form of having earned respect as an authority figure, being trusted to set goals, and having their requests honored.
* ENTJs often focus on easier-to-achieve or lower stakes feedback, such as being paid attention to and being noticed, but are less comforted or motivated by such feedback
* ENTJs are most discouraged and hurt by other people's suspicion or condescension toward them. This is also how they often tend to express disapproval toward others.
* ::wipes brow:: okay so the metaphor I have for this group of people is that of a planet, whose position stays stationary, and which rotates itself to observe other information.  They are able to change *focus* but not *perspective* - that said, what they see in the "sky" - the information their perspective receives - is what exists in the external world, so if they "sky/stars" change, then their perspective can also be said to change.  In order to have meaningful conversations, they "rotate" to view the same sky the other person is viewing, rather than moving to a different viewpoint/perspective like spiders do.  xSFJs and xSTPs paint the sky while xNFPs and xNTJs observe, analyze, and record it.  I don't have a more concrete explanation for what that means yet lol.

**Aristocratic vs. Democratic**

xNFx and xSTx are aristocratic; xSFx and xNTx are democratic.  Note that these dichotomies need more work and development.

*ESTJs (aristocratic):*

* perceive and define themselves, and others, through groups they belong to; however, such groups are perceived and defined by the Aristocrats themselves, not necessarily accepting those groupings as defined by others or by social conventions
* their initial attitude to another person is influenced by their attitude to the group they see the person as belonging to
* tend to attribute common qualities to members of their circles of contacts, and define such circles by those same qualities
* often use expressions that generalize group features
* tendency to be somewhat “cliquey”
* tend to be more humble and feel uncomfortable with self-promotion
* tend to experience discomfort when receiving either compliments or criticism/correction

*ENTJs (democratic):*

* perceive and define themselves and others primarily through individual/personal qualities: interesting, pleasant, unpleasant, good-looking, etc, not in connection to any group they may belong to
* form their relationships/attitudes toward other people based on the latter's own individual characteristics, not with base on their relationships to groups of any kind, nor on their relationships to representatives of such groups
* not inclined to perceive their acquaintances as representatives of a certain "circle of contacts" that possesses qualities inherent to people of that circle
* rarely use expressions that generalize group features
* tend to be more comfortable with self-promotion and see it as an important skill for getting ahead in life
* very encouraged by sincere compliments; also generally open to criticism, especially from sources they respect and see as having status and especially when dealing with impersonal criticism

**Tactical vs. Strategic**

This is an under-researched dichotomy that we're still studying.  However, ISxP, ESxJ, ENxP, and INxJ are tactical; INxP, ENxJ, ESxP, and ISxJ are strategic.

*ESTJs (tactical):*

* focus on methods, and manipulate them, with goals unsettled
* goals are defined by, and modified to fit methods
* prefer to expand options
* don't like to have too few of them

*ENTJs (strategic):*

* focus on goals, and manipulate them, with methods unsettled
* methods are defined by and modified to fit goals
* prefer to defend goals
* don't like to be forced to deviate from them

*Some of these descriptions sound a bit like process vs. result, but don't be confused - a process tactical type (ESTJ) will determine each next step as they come, a process strategic type will lay out the process in advance, a result tactical type will respond to issues holistically as they arise without necessarily having an end goal, and a result strategic type (ENTJ) has an end goal but is flexible in how they respond to it.  Again, we are still working on this dichotomy and there's a lot I'd add if I hadn't already spent like two hours on this lol.*

**Negativist vs. Positivist**

Another under-researched dichotomy.  Note that this is NOT related to optimism or pessimism!  Negativists are INTx, ISFx, ESTx, and ENFx.  Positivists are INFx, ISTx, ESFx, and ENTx.

*ESTJs (negativist):* 

* solve problems in systems of things and processes
* socially and intellectually more suspicious
* explain how things *shouldn't* be
* more likely to notice absence, disfunction, and barriers
* attempt to acquire new assets (whether physical, emotional, mental, etc.)
* more likely to notice and comment on deviations from the ideal

*ENTJs (positivist):*

* optimize already functional systems of things and processes
* socially and intellectually more trusting
* explain how things *should* be
* more likely to notice additions, changes, substitutions
* attempt to protect existing assets (whether physical, emotional, mental, etc.)
* more likely to notice and comment on deviations from the norm/existing


**Farsighted vs. Carefree**
This is another dichotomy that needs more research.  Almost all of the descriptions below are from my own research, but they still need more work.  Farsighteds are INxx and ESxx.  Carefrees are ISxx and ENxx.  

*ESTJs (farsighted):*

* view preparation as a goal-specific, targeted endeavor - “adding to skill tree”
* more likely to learn new skills or information which seem useful or advantageous
* approach individual problems with an ideal outcome in mind and gather resources in preparation
* "It is best to prepare in advance; set yourself up for success."
* judge how interesting and important potential skills are based on the opportunities they create or provide
* turn down opportunities when the timing isn’t right
* discouraged from tasks by a sense of wasted effort (may not be correlated to objective achievement; as long as they feel the effort was well-spent they will continue)
* more likely to try again when opportunities don’t work out due to lack of preparation

*ENTJs (carefree):*

* view preparation as a general, all-purpose endeavor - “leveling up”
* more likely to learn new skills or information “just because”, or out of interest or exploration
* approach individual problems by using existing skills and immediately available resources
* "You cannot prepare for everything; just do the best you can."
* judge how interesting and important opportunities are based on how well they relate to the skills they’ve acquired
* turn down opportunities when they lack confidence in their ability to succeed
* discouraged from tasks by a sense of inadequacy (may not be correlated to objective ability; as long as they feel like they are doing well or improving, they will continue)
* more likely to try again when opportunities don’t work out due to timing issues

**Judicious vs. Decisive**

This refers to whether a type values Si-Ne (Judicious - xSxJ and xNxP) or Se-Ni (Decisive - xSxP and xNxJ).  This dichotomy needs some of the most work.  A lot of this is original research.

*ESTJs (Judicious):*

* natural state is relaxed
* prefer to relax in preparation for work
* are mobilized only for the duration necessary
* have an easy time going from 'mobilized' to 'relaxed', but find it hard to get into “work/active mode”
* may need external stimuli to become mobilized
* split work into chunks and plan relaxation in between
* consider their working conditions (e.g., comfort, freedom, and convenience) more important than the possible results and rewards (e.g., how much they are paid)
* feel more comfortable before a task is completed, in the consideration stage

*ENTJs (decisive):*

* natural state is readiness
* prefer to “rev up” and use momentum to propel themselves into work
* may find it difficult to wind down
* may need external stimuli (like a movie) to relax
* prefer to perform an entire task at once and “get it over with”
* take breaks only when necessary or exhausted
* find it difficult to rest with work “hanging over their heads”*
* feel more comfortable after a task is completed, when all is said and done

***

(cont. below)(cont. 2)

**VISUAL IDENTIFICATION**
This is a really long and complex topic that I could spend ages on.  Unfortunately there is a lot of information about this that I have stored in my mind but not written down anywhere to share with you.  That said, here are some resources:

* [Filatova's ESTJs](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Photographs_of_Types_by_Filatova#LSE_.2F_ESTj)
* [Celebrity Types's ESTJs](http://www.celebritytypes.com/estj.php)
* [Filatova's ENTJs](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Photographs_of_Types_by_Filatova#LIE_.2F_ENTj)
* [Celebrity Types's ENTJs](http://www.celebritytypes.com/entj.php)
* [My video](https://youtu.be/tSuLsxniqI4) on visual typing concerning eyes.  Note that both types will regularly display Ne and Se eyes.  However, ESTJs will primarily display Se and Si eyes, with brief forays into Ne.  There will be almost no Ni on display.  ENTJs, on the other hand, will primarily display Ne and Ni eyes, with brief forays into Se.  There will be almost no Si on display.

A few more little, unedited pieces of info:

* ESTJs often feel quite rigid and boisterous, but they also can have a regal air or an elegance about them.  They seem to have sharp, well-defined lines at their edges.  Depending on the subtype they can be very bossy and ordering people around, or they can be very polite and considerate, even delicate (with brief - embarassing, to them - moments of putting their foot in their mouths).  They can be conservative and reserved or gregarious and friendly.  The warmest of them make great counselors and bosom buddies.  Those who rise to prominence are often either opinionated and imposing, or approachable and perfectionistic (lifestyle guru types).
* ENTJs are much heavier and feel denser and fuzzier.  Certain subtypes have the capability of being extraordinarily quiet and reserved, even more than most INTJs.  I have taught ENTJs that seem almost catatonic at times.  That said, other subtypes can be much louder, more open, and more brash.  Generally they will fall somewhere in the middle.  In leadership positions they are more likely to be commanding and intimidating rather than harsh and dramatic.  For example, if you displease an ENTJ king, he is unlikely to immediately order someone to chop off your head - more likely you’ll be woken in the middle of the night and taken to get castrated in the dead of the night.
* In terms of dorkiness or social awkwardness - which both of them may exhibit - ESTJs are more likely to be goofy and somewhat childish.  ESTJs may, despite their best efforts, laugh at fart jokes.  ESTJs are embarrassed about their dorkiness but do it anyway.  ESTJs laugh at Minions memes.  Or roll their eyes, if they’re know they’re considered “bad”, but secretly laugh anyway.  ESTJs are [just chillin in Cedar Rapids](https://youtu.be/0M1uDcqkWVE).  They feel liberated when they allowed to be silly jokesters.  They just want people to like and approve of them
* ENTJs will not laugh at this kind of humor.  ENTJs are dorky because they don’t know how to human.  They are weird, but not in a “holds up spork” way.  More in a [why is Bill Gates jumping over a chair](https://youtu.be/KxaCOHT0pmI) way.  I had a male ENTJ student that got fun of a lot for wearing [tiny little running shorts this length](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-29aIl5G-9Z4/U5B5X4zrDGI/AAAAAAACUaw/YD6GYFVhGLk/s1600/bradley+cooper+short+shorts+ass.png) to school.  He never had a perceptible reaction to the teasing.  I couldn’t figure out if he kept wearing them as a silent form of rebellion, or just because he literally didn’t notice or care about the reaction of his peers.  Would never, never happen with an ESTJ.  ENTJs care much less about whether people like them, and much more about whether people respect them.  They are moody.  People sometimes make fun of them for being overly poetic.  When Halsey (ENTJ) released a new album called “Hopeless Fountain Kingdom”, posters online said, “That is the most Halsey title I’ve ever heard.”
* When you tell an ESTJ something they don’t know, their instinct is to pretend like they already know it.  When you tell an ENTJ something they don’t understand (or maybe they do, who can tell?) they just stare at you for an uncomfortably long time.  The older they get the less catatonic/intimidating many ENTJs get - I have a friend who is almost entirely a normal person - but it’ll slip back out when they’re not looking.
* ESTJs are really bad at making hair, makeup, and clothing choices when they first get into aesthetics or if they don’t care about it.  Almost as garish as inexperienced/uninterested ESFPs, but with less creative flair and less sense of fit.  When they practice and try though, they’re second only to ESFJs in making beautiful perfect outfits (or looks, or even houses or buildings or whatever).
* ENTJs range from “rumpled homeless person” to “sharp, classy, smoldering sexy”.  They will never be particularly garish or particularly daring/innovative in aesthetics.  Except maybe by accident (c.f. short shorts).

**EXAMPLES**

For those of you with strong and/or valued Se (so especially all sensors, but also NJs), I strongly suggest watching some videos and looking at pictures of the following celebrities and public figures whom I have verified to be the listed type.  This will be the most effective way for you to develop your visual typing skills!

ESTJs

* [Bill O’Reilly](https://youtu.be/8raaT7SRx18?t=15s)
* [Brene Brown](https://youtu.be/Sd3DYvBGyFs?t=15s)
* [Demi Lovato](https://youtu.be/ZyGD3y8bHCA)
* [Emma Watson](https://youtu.be/q6S6M5e0gsw)
* [Estee Lalonde](https://youtu.be/ypeJ-Hxud_w)
* [Gordon Ramsay](https://youtu.be/NMTA6JoU_D8)
* [Hillary Clinton](https://youtu.be/M8MXAdBY-JE)
* [John “Lofty” Wiseman](https://youtu.be/4Ux0L4HTm6o)
* [Megyn Kelly](https://youtu.be/u7GZ4C8fk9E)
* [Michelle Obama](https://youtu.be/jiMUoVjQ5uI)
* [Natalie “Nat” Strand](https://youtu.be/g9Z_Y6UJTTA) (Amazing Race s17 - spoilers!)
* [Paula Begoun](https://youtu.be/sIv8CadIOUk)
* [Tati](https://youtu.be/cexsp1NU76s)
* Fictional characters: Juror #3 (12 Angry Men), Adam Braverman &amp; Haddie Braverman (Parenthood), Alison (Orphan Black), Aveline &amp; Vivienne (Dragon Age), Helen (Daria), Hermione Granger (Harry Potter), Howard Hamlin (Better Call Saul), John Smith (Pocahontas), Lori Grimes (The Walking Dead), Piper Chapman (OItNB), Tiana (The Princess &amp; the Frog)
* Cultures: America as a whole, the American South

ENTJs

* [Adele](https://youtu.be/16cH5a16Oig?t=20s)
* [Bernie Sanders](https://youtu.be/mP5xavI0d_o?t=3m)
* [Hailee Steinfeld](https://youtu.be/FiFamuSygRg)
* [Halsey](https://youtu.be/0Yi6RKxpL68?t=26s)
* [Pixiwoo](https://youtu.be/EULgCRVfPu4)
* [Sara Bareilles](https://youtu.be/AFImadR4-xk)
* [Sharon Rooney](https://youtu.be/HmVazz5fH6w)
* Fictional characters: Cassandra (Dragon Age), Emily (Until Dawn), Galina “Red” Reznikov, (OItNB), The Governor (The Walking Dead), Jasmine Trussell &amp; Sydney Graham (Parenthood), Mitsuha (Your Name), Rachel (Orphan Black), Tiffany (Silver Linings Playbook)
* Cultures: NYC possibly?

(I am shocked that I have so few ENTJs typed!!!  Most of my typings come from beauty, fashion, &amp; celebrity culture so maybe that’s why?  Please give me suggestions for more to look at!)

**FURTHER READING**

Make sure to check out the full texts on Wikisocion for [ESTJ (LSE)](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=ESTj) and [ENTJ (LIE)](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=ENTj), especially the work by Gulenko, Filatova, and Stratiyevskaya.

***

~~Alright, the next Type vs. Type is up for grabs!  The first person to request it gets it, and then requests are closed until the next post, so get in quick ;)  I will update this when it is taken.~~ **SOLD!  To the highest bidder, miss u/mirrorconspiracies.  Look for ENTP vs. ENFP in the near future!**


I will be happy to answer any theory questions or attempt to type anyone you can provide me a video of if you are unsure of which ExTJ they are.Holy shit, that is really smart.  I hadn't made that connection at all, but it's extremely accurate.  Thank you for broadening my mind!YOU WIN!  Congratulations, my next post will be ENTP vs. ENFP! :)Thank you, I'm glad it was helpful!

I agree about the gender issue, and I will try to re-write it in the future.  It's just that there's no research about same-sex or other kinds of couples, so it's basically just a matter of adding mitigating language.  I think the three possibilities (and the true answer could be one, or more, or none of these) are:

* one person primarily takes the "masculine" role (pursuer), and one the "feminine" (receiver) for their type.  The reason I say this is that an NJ white knight + an SP aggressive conqueror (two pursuing roles) or an NJ damsel in distress + an SP spoiled princess (two receiving roles) don't really make sense.  So possibly depending on context, individual personality, etc. one would primarily take the role usually attributed to the other gender
* they take turns in each role as time goes on, or make amalgamations of each role.  For example a lesbian SP might mix "aggressive conqueror" with "spoiled princess" and make like a "spoiled Xena princess" role, and then her NJ counterpart mixes "white knight" plus "damsel in distress" to become...I dunno, like, "her sidekick that always needs to be rescued"?  Lol I'm having trouble imagining what they could be, but I'm sure there's something that combines the relevant traits
* they have new roles that they take on, that preserve essential characteristics but fit more comfortably into LGBT culture&gt; My experience hasn't supported this, though. Is there any way you can back up this claim, preferably through evidence rather than theory?

It's not something that most Deltas like to acknowledge in themselves, that they can be hardasses about morality.  Each quadra has a few inherent contradictions - Betas like to pretend we're super independent while simultaneously making everyone else take care of us all the time, for instance.

I'm happy to (try to) provide evidence, but I have role Te so...can you give me a hand?  What kind of evidence am I looking for?  I can show you tons of videos of Deltas being judgmental for instance, but you could just deny that they're Deltas, or that they're being judgmental I suppose.  How do I prove it?Thank you!  I will look her up.I think the important thing to look at here is the root of the concept of discrimination - or to use a less-loaded word, discernment.  The ability to separate things into discrete categories.

Aristocratic types have an important value in society in that they understand that all actions, all causes, all beliefs are not equal.  That there is such a thing as the right and wrong way to behave, that people have different needs and responsibilities based on their circumstances or inherent characteristics, that life is not a free-for-all with everyone responsible only for themselves.  Additionally, having standards that determine what *inherent* rights a person is entitled to is an aristocratic trait.  Alphas and Gammas believe in human rights as political concepts, as social benefits, but aristocrats believe that there are basic rights to which each man is entitled simply by virtue of being born.

So for some background, the terms were invented by the Russians, who mostly associated "aristocratic" with pre-Soviet Union Russia (during the aristocracy), and "democratic" with Russia as it stands after the fall of the USSR - a capitalist, laissez-faire, every-man-for-himself economy where strong men take power and weak men let them take it.

What it sounds to me like you're describing, and I appreciate you pointing it out to me because my understanding of the concepts are still quite clumsy, is not that you've managed to *erase* your discernment as you've gotten older (which is what it would mean to lose the aristocratic trait), but actually that you've managed to *increase and refine* it - to become more discerning rather than less.  Instead of grouping people based on large, messy labels, you've become more able to approach and judge people based on just a few traits or characteristics, the ones that you consider most important to evaluate.

&gt; I'd say that for myself, your description was more accurate when I was in my teens and early 20s, but it started to change by my mid-20s.

And therein lies the rub!  The easiest age to type someone is in their early twenties.  Before that, they're still developing their core personality, so they may not yet completely express some of the most visible and important traits of their type.  After that, they integrate their functions more and more, blurring the lines between them and making it harder to identify how they started.  A good rule of thumb when typing yourself or anybody else is to try to remember how you were as a fresh new adult, before you knew much about life or the world - how were you *before* you started trying to improve yourself?  How were you before you learned your lessons, made your mistakes, and started trying to be a better person?  That can show you where you're coming from - your original or essential traits.

I want to emphasize again that the aristocratic trait is not a bad one to have - I have it too, as did MLK jr. and Gandhi and George Carlin and George Orwell and J.K. Rowling and all number of great people.  If I made it sound like a negative thing, that's my fault for painting with too coarse of a brush, and I apologize.&gt; Not sure if NFJs share that or if that's an NTJ mindset.

Yup, we do.  Mostly related to vulnerable/role Si.&gt; Also, when you bring up SJW, I'm not totally clear on whether you're extending that to people involved in social justice and activism in general, or only to people who are unreasonably judgmental and/or hostile toward those who disagree with them.

I was referring to both - it's definitely a range.  I suppose I would agree that the closer you get to either edge (casual, passive interest vs. vociferously angry and judgmental), the more likely it is to include FJs.  The casual spectrum also includes a fair number of SFPs and a few TPs.  But the core of the group - the people who march on Washington against Trump, the ones who punch Nazis in the face (mostly ENFPs), Antifa and their supporters, the majority of (remaining) mainstream media anchors and journalists (can't speak to the behind-the-scenes people).

As an example, here are the Deltas I know involved in social justice:

* Amy Goodman (ISTJ)
* Angela Merkel (ISTJ)
* Chris Hayes (INFP)
* Chris Cuomo (ENFP)
* Elizabeth Warren (INFP)
* Hillary Clinton (ESTJ)
* John Iadarola (INFP)
* Kimberly Clark (INFP)
* Kurt Vonnegut (ENFP)
* Lana Wachowski (ENFP)
* Lindsey Doe (INFP)
* Michelle Obama (ESTJ)
* Nerdwriter (INFP)
* Rachel Maddow (ENFP)
* Ta-Nehisi Coates (ENFP)

Also, ALBinWonderland and PatrickStarrr (both INFP) occasionally discuss social justice issues in a way that makes me think they have passionate feelings about them, but it's not enough for me to say they're "involved" in them.

And the other three quadras combined:

* Ana Kasparian (ESFP)
* Angelina Jolie (ESTP)
* Barack Obama (ENTP)
* Ben Affleck (ESTP)
* Ben Mankiewicz (ISTP)
* Bernie Sanders (ENTJ)
* Beyonce (ESFP)
* Irami Osei-Frimpong (INTP)
* Katy Perry (ESFP)
* Laci Green (ENFJ)
* Lilly Wachowski (INFJ)
* Malcolm X (ESTP)
* Martin Luther King, Jr. (ENFJ)
* Mustafa Panshiri (INFJ) (kind of - he's kind of a polarizing figure)
* Noam Chomsky (INFJ)
* Oprah (ENFJ)
* Rashida Jones (ENFJ) (kind of)

I had to exclude a lot of FJs and TPs that almost exclusively talk about economic justice issues and concerns related to censorship - I think they're related concepts but meaningfully different, and you can find people with combinations of opinions on each.  So this was going through my list and including everyone who speaks passionately (or at least consistently positively) about women's rights, LGBT rights, Black Lives Matter, immigrant rights, etc.  There are a LOT of important people not included in this list, just because I don't actively follow the movement (especially anymore - I did about 4-5 years ago).  So it would be useful to go through and type those people as well.  But this represents basically, the base off of which I formed the understanding, and then there's also a strong theoretical basis to support it that incorporates societal change and generations.

There's an important distinction that I need to make, and I thank you for bringing it to my attention...I need to do more analysis, but I think what I'm picking up is, in a lot of ways, the *way* different groups of people talk about the issues is especially salient.  Something I need to do more research on.

Okay my inbox is bursting at the seams (I don't know how I'm always surprised about that when I spend all day yabbering on here) so I'm going to have to leave this here and hope I've made some kind of coherent point lol.That sounds like a good one!  The next post is already taken - it's going to be ENFP vs. ENTP - but if you post this request first on that post, you can get dibs! :PI use the MBTI labels in my posts, even though they heavily involve socionics concepts.  So INFP is Fi-Ne, for instance.  Good question!I hope you enjoy it!

I would say that ISTJs definitely do not *always* want to maintain the status quo - that's a stereotype based on a certain degree of truth (Deltas - xSTJs &amp; xNFPs as a whole tend to be refining and perfecting types rather than overthrowing or re-doing), but an ISTJ can definitely be bossy and insistent about changing things if it doesn't match what they believe to be the optimal standards.  It just depends on scale for the most part.  ISTJs believe there is a "right" way to do things based on what they've learned, so if they come into a new organization that does it differently they may (or may not) have a desire to make it conform more to their own ideal.Thank you so much!  I hope you enjoy it. :)Thanks!  Halsey is very cool. :)  ENTJs can be very romantic and poetic.&gt; I'm a big fan of your typings and type comparisons.

Thank you, you're so sweet!

&gt; How do you differentiate between NFPs?

They definitely have a lot of similarities.  One big difference is that INFPs feel very embarrassed about talking themselves up, whereas that's something ENFPs often do when they're insecure or immature (they mellow out about it as they age).  ENFPs like to talk tough a lot.  There was this funny post on r/choosingbeggars I believe where a young ENFP wrote on their dating profile something like "If you take my sweet nature for granted, I WILL DESTROY YOU!!!!"  I found that so funny.  Obviously most of them are not that intense, but you'll find a streak of that running through them.  It's role Se.  INFPs have vulnerable Se so they're passive and people-pleasing to a fault, especially in person and in public (they can be a LOT harsher online or with close friends).

I hate trying to describe my impressions of types because literally everything I say sounds so negative!  It sounds like I'm being so bitchy and judgmental but it's honestly how I differentiate between the types, and I have very little emotional attachment to these descriptions, I just find them interesting, so I hope no one is offended!

What's more...ENFPs have vulnerable Ti, and INFPs have role Ti.  So both can say things that don't make sense (to me, as someone who values Ti), but you'll find it a lot more in ENFPs.  Younger ENFPs often seem to be offended by logical arguments, especially if they come from INTPs.  INFPs are more offended by telling them that they're being unrealistic or that they don't understand how the world works, whereas ENFPs might laugh and be proud of that, or else argue it passionately (depends on the person &amp; their experience).

ENFPs have long stretches of hyperactivity followed by crashing and being lazy.  INFPs are the opposite - they're little sloths that can barely get up in the morning.  ENFPs talk A LOT and don't seem to be aware of it.  INFPs are more balanced.

There are other big differences in cognition styles, temperament...INFPs are process types and ENFPs are result types so that's a huge difference.  INFPs have more access to Ni so are better at picking up on hints and predicting the consequences of their actions.  ENFPs have their Ne activated by Te, so they're much faster and better (physical) problem solvers.  INFPs are a lot more fussy and nostalgic.  INFPs are more reasonable with their goals, but perhaps less reasonable or realistic about their abilities, depending on the age.  Etc. etc.

There's a lot more but it's hard to say without knowing what type you are!  A lot of these differences won't be obvious to everyone.Awww thank you!  Well, remember that a lot of it is just copied &amp; pasted and then modified from my previous Type vs. Type posts (plus the Wikisocion website itself, most of it is just paraphrased and not original writing).  But this one specifically took me about four hours to write and compile possibly?  I'm really happy it's helping you!:*!Great analysis!  That matches the experience I've had with ENFPs.

I think what you're noticing in the similarity between DA and HP is in fact the negativist dichotomy they share - being negativists, we easily see the opposite (or "negative", like a photograph) of what we're looking at.  The HP style is hard for me to wrap my head around though.  Actually, all of them are, except my own lol.  My husband, who's INTP (so also HP like you), says it would take him forever to think if he had to sort his thoughts into if-then-else statements.  As for me, I can't imagine what "thinking" would entail other than that!  Lol.  My mind felt like it was spinning when I was trying to describe the vortex cognition style.  🌀😵It's pretty interesting, right?  [This](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Gulenko_Cognitive_Styles(wiki\)) is all the info I've seen so far.  I need to do more research!It's a good question!!  INFP are "[childlike](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Childlike)" and ISFP are "[aggressor](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Aggressor)".  I don't have time to type them all out right now, but I will in a future post, and then go back and add them to that one.  In the meantime, you can read all about them at those links above.  Enjoy! :)You're very welcome! :)Keep an eye out for my next post, which will be ENFP vs. ENTP.  The first one to make a request in the comments of that post gets next dibs!I'm a bit embarrassed to share this as the website is still massively under construction, but I wrote a short essay about what it means to  say that a function is a "strong" or "weak" one.  I hope you enjoy, and feel free to ask if you have any questions or need clarification!You are the cutest creature alive.
IxxJ, especially IxFJ.&lt;3 I hope everything works out well for you in the end.  I'm sorry you have to experience this loss and grief, but I hope it marks the start of a bright and fulfilling new chapter to come!All of these things are different things.

Abstraction, in terms of the opposite of concrete, is Intuition.  So in that sense, ENxPs and INxJs.  Although there's a case to be made for including ENxJs and INxPs as well, as they have more fluid use of their intuition than the former group.

"Out of touch with reality" needs to be defined.  What does that look like in practice?

"Idealistic" usually refers to Feelers.  Again, more definition would be useful.

"Non-verbal"?  uh...introverts?  Especially IxxJs, haha.

I don't think "right-brained" is a real thing, is it?  Anyway, regardless, definition/clarification?

&gt; ni is way more subconsious than ne

Whether a function is conscious or not is related to position, not the function itself.I'm glad it helped! :)Mostly Se-doms fit the stereotype.  Ne-doms, ISxPs often show up as well.  Maybe even ExFJs and ESTJs.  Apparently INTPs can too since I always see people calling The Chainsmokers "bros".

I would guess INFPs and IxxJs are the only ones mostly/entirely spared from the label.I made [a video](https://youtu.be/tSuLsxniqI4) about visual typing through eyes.

Not to discourage you, but in my experience xNTPs struggle the most with being able to perceive the subtle differences important to visual typing.  It's also possible that my explanations are inadequate and would benefit from being formalized.If you're interested, I wrote this [introductory article on functions](http://junglove.net/cognitive-functions/).  Still have a lot more writing to do (it doesn't even touch on introversion vs. extraversion), but it's a start!Not yet, unfortunately!  I've been pouring my effort into [my site](http://junglove.net/) lately, although it's still got training wheels on. :P  I've been updating daily so keep an eye on it, hopefully I can cover some topics that interest you soon!

Any specific requests?  I can move those to the top of the list. :)Can you see the blue text?  You can just click to go through.

In case you can't see it, it's at http://junglove.net/cognitive-functions/Yeah, the sound is fucked.  I actually turned it up as much as I could in editing.  I have a nice mic but I dunno if the settings need to be adjusted or what.

Anyway I'm mostly doing writing now on [my site](http://junglove.net/).  It feels more fulfilling somehow.  I may return to videos in the future.  I think I would like that for a Q&amp;A format.Well, definitely check out the people's typing pages I'm uploading!  I included interviews and videos so you can get a real sense of their mannerisms, speech patterns, etc.  Because you're an INFP, you won't struggle much to pick it up.  There are certain "types" of people - smaller than Jungian types, based around subtype or subculture or even just physical appearance (how they carry themselves etc.) - and as soon as you know the Jungian type of one of them, it becomes easy to type other people that are very similar.

For instance:

If you know that Jennifer Lawrence is ENFJ, it's easy to see that Dagny, Laci Green, Mandy Moore, and Kristen Bell are too, since they all have a similar look/feel to them.  Normani Kordei and Sarah Hyland look different but feel very similar to J.Law as well.  (Sarah bleeds into the Emma Stone/Amanda Steele category tho.)  So it's not that all ENFJs feel like that, but as soon as you see someone who does, you know they're probably ENFJ.

And if you know Johnny Depp is INFP, it's easy to see it in James Bay and Boots Riley.  Or if you know Hayley Williams is INFP, you can see it in Albinwonderland and Vyxsin Fiala.

You can use friends whom you're sure of their type as "anchors" for this kind of thing as well.  For example I have INFP friends in both of the "categories" listed above, although the male INFP I wasn't sure of his type until I had Johnny Depp as an anchor. :P  But my female INFP friend is the anchor for that category of women.  So it can work in all directions.  And of course, your mental categories might be different from mine, or even based on different things.

For me, type lives mostly in the eyes, but body plays a lot into it (posture, dress, movement).  Voice and attitude come next.  But it's all kind of holistic, of course.

I am working on uploading new people every day!  And I will work on getting more analysis of how people are in their real lives up too.  To that end though, I recommend watching and studying the interviews I put up in the meantime, because I really feel that it's the best way to observe their natural behavior.  In fact, noticing and describing that might be something better suited to an introvert like yourself.  IxFx, as well as maybe Se-doms.  For me it's hard to break it down and teach it to others because it's such an automatic process for me.  After I already know, I have to go back and try to figure out how I got it.  So that introduces a potential level of inaccuracy.

Oh and the most important thing - make sure you're basing it around people who actually know how to type!  I was confused for so long because I was trying to fit people into incorrect slots.  CelebrityTypes is really good, he almost never gets it wrong, and there are only a couple I disagree with.  Of course, I think I'm an excellent resource as well :PThese observations are sooooo good!  You took my vague mumblings and made them Real Concepts™.  Thank you for that, it's great!  Everything you said about the types is right.

As far as the list by expressiveness, I am not as sure about that.  I don't think you can say that ESFJs are always more expressive than ESFPs, for instance.  Woody Harrelson is a lot calmer/chiller than Katy Perry.

&gt; You say the lower your F the lower your S the harder it is to copy other types? How do you reason this? Ns can make some great actors.

This is true.  However, N's tend to be good actors in that they can put *themselves* in the situation and act in a realistic way.  They struggle more to seem like a different type, though.  I think Jennifer Lawrence is an absolutely brilliant actress, but she struggles a bit to portray Te-doms (ESTJ in Winter's Bone, ENTJ in Silver Linings Playbook) and her ISFJ in Joy is really off.  That said, for how "off" the physicality of the type is, the story never suffers for it, and you wouldn't realize it was "unrealistic" in that way if you didn't know about typology (maybe subconsciously you would).  Her ISTP in Hunger Games is quite good though.

And that's even with F.  INTPs can only play INTPs, maaayyyybe at most a different IxxP or an ISxJ.  I still think I would see through it pretty easily.  Like it doesn't matter what personality type the characters are supposed to be, every movie I've seen Anya Taylor-Joy in, they're INTPs.  Same with Michael Cera.  But that doesn't make either of them bad actors; they're two of my faves, actually.

I think the exception to this would probably be ENFPs.  They are some of the best at imitating other types that I think I've seen, like Tatiana Maslany.  So that does throw a wrench in the 'S' theory.  I'll have to think about it some more.  Of course even if S's are naturally better at controlling their physicality, that doesn't prevent any type from learning how to do it (or from being naturally gifted).

&gt; You also say ENTPs are least likely to make eye contact? I get that we do change focus all the time, get distracted really easily, but when we're focused on a person, we can really stare them down. I know 2 ENTPs IRL and we all do this. I think you might have encountered some (Fe-)immature and insecure ENTPs.

It might be correlated with immaturity, but that's not all that is.  There are plenty of mature ENTPs that don't make a lot of eye contact.  Jon Stewart, Conan O'Brien, Grimes, Jimmy Dore, Pauly Shore.  There are exceptions though, I'm seeing as I'm going through my list.  Lauren Southern does a lot of strong eye contact.  It may be correlated with subtype or culture.Awww thank you so much, I'm really happy you see value in it!!  I have a looooot more ENTPs to put up so I'm sure you'll see yourself in some of them! :)  Haven't even uploaded a Millennial one yet, and generation can make a big difference in how types are expressed.  Out of curiosity, what country are you from?Thank you for the mention!  I also have [a site](http://junglove.net/) and I'm working on getting more useful theory posts up in the near future :)[Boom, one down!](https://youtu.be/KBkTToWZtzE)

Thank you for the thoughtful questions! :D  I'll do the second one too soon.😊 You're very welcome, thank you for your kind words!  I'm aiming to answer your second question today or tomorrow. :)Also in case you need a primer, for you as an ENTJ:

* dominant - Te...............ignoring - Ti
* auxiliary - Ni................demonstrative - Ne
* tertiary - Se.................vulnerable -  Si
* inferior - Fi...................role - FeWhat is the ENFJ symbol?

Out of all these games, I'm obsessed with **Civ** and **Skyrim**.  I have a strong feeling I'll enjoy **The Witcher** and **Beyond Two Souls** when I get around to them.  I enjoyed **Portal** and **Just Dance** fine, but they're not my favorites.  I'm not really into **Counterstrike** or any FPS, or **GTA** . Don't know much about the other games listed here.

My favorite games of all time, btw, are all of the **Dragon Ages**, the first **Mass Effect** (haven't played the others yet), and **Until Dawn**.  I would give anything to play more games like Until Dawn!!!  That was my dream game!  I like the plot and mood but just the gameplay was the absolute best.  I also have hundred and hundreds of hours logged for each Dragon Age game.  They're basically everything I could want from a game.  Interesting characters, good storyline and writing, meaningful and difficult choices, personalization, fun gameplay, replayability, beautiful graphics, etc.

Other games I've played:

* **Life Is Strange** - really nice story-wise but the gameplay could be improved a bit; didn't feel that much real agency...haven't finished it yet though
* **Heavy Rain** - couldn't finish because the characters were so embarrassing/unrealistic; with better writing and character animations I might have enjoyed it more
* **Telltale's The Walking Dead** - I keep trying to get into this because I love choice-driven story games and TWD but I always find it really boring, I don't really feel like my choices matter that much, even if they do
* **The Last of Us** - loved this one!  The story and the characters were great and the gameplay was really fun.  Would have liked more storytelling/choice though, but that's not really the kind of game it is
* **Tomb Raider** - obsessed with all of the originals and the reboots.  This game dominated my life when I was little.  The environments are so gorgeous and the gameplay is so much fun.  The writing on the newest game can get a little weak...some of the collectibles seem a bit shoehorned in and all that.  But otherwise it's super fun!
* **The Sims** - loved the first two, the third was mediocre, not even interested in the fourth.  I'm not sure if I've matured or if the games have gotten worse, but I really hate the mini-goals and the add-ons never interested me much.  I think the biggest problem is that I don't really like sandbox-style games.  I need objectives and scenarios.  Speaking of which...
* **Roller Coaster Tycoon**, or any Tycoon game - super fun!  I especially love being dropped in novel situations and having to meet some pre-determined objective.
* **WoW** - played this for about a year.  Had a lot of fun playing but it all felt kind of meaningless after a while.
* **Fallout New Vegas** - really fun for a while.  I restarted it several times but got bored around the robot/corporation storyline each time.
* **L.A. Noir** had a brilliant idea but shit poor execution.  They need to hire some people with Fe if they're going to introduce a people-reading element.  Not only was it embarrassingly infantile, it wasn't even accurate (the 'facial cues" were not only over-the-top, but just literally wrong, no one looks [like their dog just died in front of them](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/qzPvx8VUSDw/maxresdefault.jpg) because they're lying).  Also there was [this issue](https://img.memesuper.com/3be63334add20775ef041e121446cff7_la-noire-memes-best-collection-of-funny-la-noire-pictures-la-noire-doubt-meme_640-492.jpeg).  But the mysteries were pretty fun by themselves.

Ummmm.  I've played lots of other games.  I used to love **Need for Speed**, **Crash Bandicoot**, any of the Disney Sega games, **Mario**, etc.  Oh I really liked **Banished** but it ran into the same problems for me as other sandbox games, **Bloodborne** is fun but repetitive after a while and the story is incomprehensible.  I used to love those **[Rockett](https://youtu.be/6btiWmdZ1j4)** games lol, wish we could get a grown-up version of those.  I also remember really enjoying **Myst**.  I could go on and on but I'm sure no one's interested so I'll stop here. :)  Feel free to ask me, or to give me any recommendations!

ETA: Ooooh, how could I forget, I LOVE **Tropico!**  There was also another game I liked a lot...let's see if I can find the name...I can't find it, it's where you're like a god and you have little islanders/villagers you have to take care of?   Not Pocket God.  !!!  **Virtual Villagers**, I found it. :D  I liked that one a lot too.

I just realized, how fun would a Westworld game be?  Like you have to set up the theme park and the storylines and then guests come and interact with them and you have to adjust based on their feedback to earn money and all that.  I feel like AI is just starting to get good enough to make a game like that come to life.Where are you seeing that?Thanks!

Overwatch is multiplayer *and* FPS isn't it?  Neither are much up my alley. :P

My husband keeps trying to get me on The Witcher 3!!  I will, I just know it's gonna suck up a few months of my life lol!  But I want to start soon. :DGood!  Yeah "club" is a small group (groups of four types), and just refers to those middle two letters.

SJ, SP, NJ, and NP refer to a different small group, called "romance styles".  (Of course it has more implications than just romance!)

I won't go too into my opinions about Keirsey but I would not recommend him as a source of anything reliable. 😖[Here you go!](https://youtu.be/rGvt98VcyZE)  How to change an SJ's mind.  Hope you enjoy :DThis is an excellent question!  I think I'll have to pull my husband in with me to do a video on this.  Hold tight, it's in the queue but it will be a few more days!These are great q's!  I will be getting to them - they are in the queue!Good q's!  For your first one, I think I may expand that and answer a more general question - maybe something like how the types act out, or what they do when they're upset?  Let me know if you have ideas for how I could generalize it.

And the second q is great too!  It's in the queue so give me a few days pls :)I love this question!  I watched some of that LG/BW Video (hadn't seen Blaire before; she's INTJ).  I have a lot to talk about on this topic, and it will be my next video, but it still may be a few days!Bloodborne is the most ISTP game I've ever played lol

I think Battlefield might be more fun for an ISxJ.I can't stop playing!  I tried VI, it was nice, but I'm addicted to V.  I like that I know it well enough that I can play it while I listen to a podcast, watch YouTube on another monitor, etc.You have good taste! :DYou'll get better, don't worry! :)😘😘😘!!::deep blush:: I will!  I have a few interesting ones up now, and several more to come soon!can i just say, i love you?? Thank you for sharing it 💖Where did you get this from?  It's not bad.Yes, absolutely.  I'm the same way.  "I remember I had short hair when I was dating Mark, so that must have been about tenth grade."  Or, "We were still using flip-phones, so it must have been, you know, more than five years ago."INTJs do have role Si, so more likely to be naturally tidy than an ENxJ.  IxxJs in general also tend to be relatively deliberate, so if it's something important to you for whatever reason you'll find a way to get it done.ISTJs can (and should) be very drawn to new things (although they can struggle to understand them), whereas INTJs often repress/reject new ideas (although they are easier for them to interpret when necessary).  So that's an area where the description is a bit lacking.

Best question to differentiate between the two - how's your episodic memory?

* When's the last time you stubbed your toe?
* What were you wearing (the first day of school/on your first date/at your last birthday party)?
* What was the last picture you took with your phone?

If you can answer these kinds of questions confidently, more likely ISTJ.

From the other direction, how easy can you understand [Don Draper](http://i.imgur.com/442ad.jpg) or [Westworld](https://i2.wp.com/curiouseagle.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/s__web-IMG_0936_PP.jpg) quotes?  If it feels relatively effortless, more likely INTJ.Check out [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6cefb8/tried_to_find_out_directly_observable_differences/dhuaif2/) for an easier litmus test.I don't think this is a very useful question.  ISTJs aren't as weird as INTJs, but they would like others to consider them weird, whereas INTJs would usually play it down, so you can't trust self-reporting on that.  Additionally, other people may think both of them are quite weird due to vulnerable Fe, and what the meaning of the word 'weird' is will vary not only across type, but across culture and personal connotations as well.Kind of but it's massively oversimplified and only useful as a shorthand if you already understand the functions.

Most Fe users don't instinctively feel like they mold themselves to social values - it *feels* personal, until you understand the difference between Fe and Fi.  Ti often *feels* like it's accessing "objective" truth, until you understand the difference between Te and Ti, and so on.IQ tests are often weighted to measure Ti-Ne.  If you're ENTP, you don't need studies to prove this, you already know it's true.  But the real question is, is Ti-Ne the same thing as intelligence?

What do 'achievements' mean?  xxxJ's do better in traditional school.  Exxx's are more likely to be famous or renowned in general.  xNTx's are most likely to make scientific discoveries.  xNFJ's are most likely to be leaders of social movements.  xSxP's, especially ESxP's, are more likely to break records or make physical discoveries.  ESTx's are more likely to be leaders in business and industry.  xSFJs are more likely to be political leaders.  xSTJs are more likely to be military leaders.  ISTPs are more likely to create innovative consumer goods.  ESFPs are more likely to be prolific entrepreneurs.  xNFPs, especially INFPs, are more likely to be famous authors.  ISFPs are more likely to be iconic, famous musicians.  And so on.It's not true.  Everyone expends energy by socializing.  The difference is that extraverts are motivated to spend energy as soon as it starts accumulating (it makes us antsy), whereas introverts prefer to store and save up energy before spending it.If you're wondering, you're almost certain ENTP.

&gt; And what's the story with Ambiversion

Made up word for special snowflakes that actually describes the vast majority of people - like to be alone sometimes and with others at other times.First is N + Ti (probably INFJ or ENTP) (Celebrity Types says ENTP)

Second is Fi + Ni (probably INFP) (edit: I looked up an interview, he's INTJ)

Third is Fi + S.  Already know Dolores is ESFP so that's cheating.

Fourth is Fe + N.  Already know John Keating is ENFP so that's cheating too.  Also wtf with that on-the-nose character name.No.  But different types are prone to different kinds of mental illness.  Process types more prone to OCD (especially INFP and ENTP).  F-doms more prone to borderline personality disorder.  Ni-doms more prone to delusions of persecution.  ExxPs more prone to delusions of grandeur.  Strong Ne tends toward multiple, weaker disorders.  Strong Si tends toward specific, stronger disorders.  ExxJs struggle the worst with stress.  xNxPs have the most issues with motivation (especially INxP) and attention (especially ENxP).  IxxJs with resistance to change.  Anecdotally autism seems to be more common in IxTx's.  xxFP's more prone to histrionic disorders.  Antisocial personality disorder is probably more common in IxTJs, especially INTJs.  All betas (xSTP &amp; xNFJ) have issues with overeating, hypersexuality, and substance abuse.  Specially drug addiction (as opposed to simply abuse) is common with xxxP's.  xNFx's are probably most common to self-harm.  Severe eating disorders are probably mainly ISTJ, ISFJ, INFJ, ISFP, INFP, ESFJ, ESTJ.  Some process type seem more likely to have a 180 recovery from a dark place - ESTJ especially, also ESFP, INFP, ISFJ, maybe ENFJ.

Most of this is just my intuition and observation, not anything scientific.It's not about whether you know the references, just about whether you can easily understand the meaning of the quotes.

All xxTJs generally prefer either modern/classic/simple or luxurious/elegant/maybe slightly tacky.Because Keirsey doesn't know much about typology.[delusions of grandeur](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grandiose_delusions)

&gt; And why do you think xNxPs lack motivation?

They struggle to do tasks they're supposed to do.  INxPs in particular often struggle to do even the tasks they *want* to do, like art/writing/responding to people.I think xxTJs and ExTPs are more likely to exhibit behaviors that are associated with antisocial personality disorder, but that doesn't mean that they are generally 'more sociopathic', if that makes sense.  Most of them actually do have empathy, morals, etc.  Just like F-doms naturally exhibit a lot of behaviors associated with borderline personality disorder (e.g. fear of rejection), but that doesn't make them 'more borderline'.  Personality disorders basically represent a failure of the personality to develop properly.  They're often linked to a particular function, so people who have either much more of that function or much less of it are going to be more or less obvious when they have a personality disorder.  Like for example I said autism often seems IxTx, but it might just be that ExFx autistic people don't actually seem that 'different' from other neurotypical people (although still quite different from others of their type), so they don't get diagnosed.  So like I think an ENTP or ESTJ sociopath will be more *obviously* sociopathic, and more likely to be diagnosed, than an INFP or an ISFJ with a dysfunction centered around empathy (they might just seem really immature or selfish, for instance, but within the range of 'normal person' Fi).That's a good point.  I wonder if it's not a combination of two fixations, e.g. Ti/Fi and Se/Ne.  And additionally, if there might not be SFPs or NTPs that demonstrate a lot of *either* impulsivity *or* lack of empathy, but not both, and thus don't get diagnosed or get diagnosed with something else.You did really good work!Yes, although some dichotomies are more evident, important, and well-researched than others.

I particularly recommend paying attention to:
 
* logical vs. ethical (thinker vs. feeler)
* introvert vs. extravert
* rational vs. irrational (IxxJ/ExxP or IxxP/ExxJ)
* intuitive vs. sensing
* merry vs. serious (Fe or Fi valuing)
* result vs. process

I also think democratic vs. aristocratic, judicious vs. decisive, asking vs. declaring, and carefree vs. farsighted are quite important, but people often don't report seeing themselves in the descriptions (not sure if it's the descriptions that are off, or the self-awareness).  The other dichotomies don't have enough info to be determinative imo, or they're not surface enough (positivist vs. negativist and static vs. dynamic can be hard to see).

Personally, if I come across someone whose type is not immediately obvious to me, I start by eliminating all the types they could not possibly be, and then I start going through these dichotomies to see if there's anything they *obviously* are or *obviously* aren't.

Quadras and temperaments are also very useful I find.  Romance styles, too.This is a good question.  I'm going to add it to my list of questions that I will answer via video for [my site](http://junglove.net) in the near future.  I'll update you when it goes up, possibly in a week or two.Ti because you have to figure out why they wouldn't know about water, and also the implication of that realization (involves N).

Fe because it relates to the value of F-centered topics (beauty, romance, poetry, etc.) as they relate to humanity as a whole, not individuals

I'm sorry I really don't know how to explain it better than that lol.  It just jumps out at me.Ni.  Si recalls things episodically, like looking at a timeline.You're welcome. :)  It's a common misconception, even among extraverts.Thank you! 😍Thank you!  Sorry, I am running out of juice, but that little red envelope keeps yelling at me...💖!It's a good question!  u/DoctorMolotov is working on a reply.  He explained it to me once but I can't remember what he said lol. O_OProcess types refers to the [process vs. result](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Process_and_result) dichotomy.  Very interesting stuff imo!

Where is the data you're visualizing from?  Anecdotally, both my mom and stepmom were ESFJs, and both had/have personality disorders (the former borderline, the latter obsessive-compulsive personality disorder), so I am skeptical!Nope, process/result is unrelated to that.  For example ESFJ is result, ENFJ is process.  ESTP is result, ISTP is process.  It's related to what's called function spin.

Process Types: ENFJ, ESTJ, ISFJ, INTJ, ENTP, ESFP, INFP, ISTP

Result Types: ENTJ, ESFJ, INFJ, ISTJ, ESTP, ENFP, ISFP, INTP

There's some more info [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/JungianTypology/comments/5bcopn/the_four_vulnerable_functions/).  I need to write one of my more "ELI5" articles about it. :)Your Ni is your demonstrative function - much stronger than your Si, almost as strong as your Fi.  Si is valued but weak.  So that is good confirmation. :)I mean, the point is whether or not it's easy to understand, right?  If it's easy for you, that's evidence that it's a good test.You're welcome!! :)  Feel free to check out my article on [function strength](http://junglove.net/function-strength/) as well, if you're interested.You may be interpreting it differently than I intended.  The fact that you have the instinct to 'crush it' means that it affects you enough to feel like a threat.  ExxJs as a group are more likely to overextend ourselves, bite off more than we can chew, deal with addiction and unhealthy habits related to stress, and struggle in terms of e.g. judging our self-worth in terms of productivity and feeling guilty for not doing everything all the time.

That said, what I'm primarily referring to above is the *susceptibility* to stress - the degree to which it affects us.  Different ExxJs have different stress *responses*, in terms of whether they're mobilized by it, demotivated by it, and so on.  You can read more about that [here](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=On_Waves_of_Aging_and_Renewal:_Progress_Orientation_in_Combination_with_Jungian_Aspects#Groupings) (ctrl+F "stress tolerance")&gt; Most of the people who watch those shows probably think they understand those quotes effortlessly.

I mean, I watch the shows, and I often think the things they say sound incomprehensible until I think about them.  But I feel like that in general about INTJs lol.

&gt; Why are Don Draper quotes useful when typing INTJs?

That's the type he is.  The characters on that show are very realistic/true-to-type.

&gt; How did this quote test develop?

I thought of it. :)You have unvalued Si. :)  Although I bet you could if you really thought about it.What *is* the distinction between primary and secondary?&gt; Is it possible that Te-doms for example would be motivated to spend their antsy-ness on things and objects?

Hmm, I'm not really sure.  Yes, I think that's possible.  But my intuition is that ESTJs also crave social interaction in a more active way than, say, many ENTJs do (although everyone needs it after a while).  I don't have any theory to back that up myself.😍!!Yes.  That's not how I type people.If that's true, then you're either not an ISTP (possibly ESTP or INTP?), or perhaps you have some kind of memory disorder.

If you are ISTP, then you should know that we often underestimate the degree to which our demonstrative function is stronger in ourselves than in others.  It's ego-dystonic, which means that it's not something we identify ourselves with.  So that could be an explanation as well.The following are the possible criteria that an IQ test can use.  Most modern IQ tests do not use all of these criteria; you can click through to the [wikipedia pages](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intelligence_quotient#Current_tests) to see what each one uses (almost all of them include Gf and Gq):

* Fluid intelligence (Gf) includes the broad ability to reason, form concepts, and solve problems using unfamiliar information or novel procedures.  **(This is Ne + Ti).**
* Crystallized intelligence (Gc) includes the breadth and depth of a person's acquired knowledge **(T + Si)**, the ability to communicate one's knowledge **(Fe)**, and the ability to reason using previously learned experiences or procedures **(Si + T)**. 
* Quantitative reasoning (Gq) is the ability to comprehend quantitative concepts and relationships and to manipulate numerical symbols **(Ti)**.
* Reading and writing ability (Grw) includes basic reading and writing skills **(undifferentiated)**.
* Short-term memory (Gsm) is the ability to apprehend and hold information in immediate awareness, and then use it within a few seconds **(as they describe it, Ni)**.
* Long-term storage and retrieval (Glr) is the ability to store information and fluently retrieve it later in the process of thinking **(Si and maybe Ni depending on what 'information' means)**.
* Visual processing (Gv) is the ability to perceive, analyze, synthesize, and think with visual patterns, including the ability to store and recall visual representations. **(Si/Ne + T)**
* Auditory processing (Ga) is the ability to analyze, synthesize, and discriminate auditory stimuli, including the ability to process and discriminate speech sounds that may be presented under distorted conditions. **(N + F)**
* Processing speed (Gs) is the ability to perform automatic cognitive tasks, particularly when measured under pressure to maintain focused attention. **(Ni/Se)**
* Decision/reaction time/speed (Gt) reflects the immediacy with which an individual can react to stimuli or a task (typically measured in seconds or fractions of seconds; it is not to be confused with Gs, which typically is measured in intervals of 2–3 minutes) **(extraversion)**

***

Anyway, none of this matters.  Just because they're weighted toward Ne and Ti doesn't mean that you're dumb if you don't have those functions strong.  It just means IQ tests are dumb, or at least, that they only show a small part of what makes humans intelligent.  There's a whole range of cognitive tasks that an IQ test can't measure simply because it's a piece of paper on a desk.No, I don't.  I will someday write essays on how to type people, but for now, these pages are filled with videos, pictures, and interviews so that interested visitors can study the mannerisms, facial expressions, speech styles, etc. of people of these different types and learn how to identify them based on that. :)It's interesting for ExxPs, actually.  Since Ni is your ignoring function, it's strong but unvalued, and additionally it's a cautious function, so you're very resistant to using it.  But, your Si weak (and also cautious), so you're not only insecure about using it, it's difficult to use it for long even when you want to, which you usually do.  (For ESxPs, it's the other way around.

I suspect that in practice this means that ExxPs just generally don't like to think about the past very much.* Pitcher: ESTP
* Point Guard: ESFP
* Quarterback: ESFP
* Goalkeeper: ESTP

...am I doing this right?

;)See!  Proof!Not even if it's Angelina Jolie or Evan Rachel Wood? 😉Well, all I would say is that I think it's possible to be adaptable, respectful, and considerate while still maintaining your dignity and self-respect.  You know, like having limits for what's acceptable and an understanding of what you want in return.  Things like that.Yay!  [I'm done.](https://youtu.be/kIv_S1pUCu8) :D😘Ne-doms are terrible at typing themselves and ENFPs in particular are excellent at convincing themselves that their fantasies about themselves are true.  If they identify as a "very logical and smart person" then it's not surprising that they would convince themselves they're a Ti-dom.&gt; I think Fi and Ti are pretty hard to distinguish from each other.

This is only true to the extent that you don't know how to distinguish them.  It's rarely difficult for me anymore, but it took me time to get here.&gt; Ti and Fi in the leading and auxiliary position are basically indistinguishable from the outside

This is not true at all.  It's very clear to see the difference between an [INTP](https://youtu.be/0LiIduq2ki0) and an [INFP](https://youtu.be/z-8yfX1fqfw) once you're trained in what to look for.  Unfortunately I really struggle at trying to systematically explain what I look for.  😳You are correct.  Ignore the downvotes.Yeah, don't get me wrong, it took me over a year to get to the point I'm at, and NTPs are at a natural disadvantage for (especially visual) typing.  I don't mean to pretend like it's super easy right off the bat or anything.  But it is a skill that can be learned and employed predictably.&gt; and maybe entps mistype as enfps when they overidentify with their tert Fe

I've rarely seen ENTPs mistype as ENFPs.  Unfortunately I think this is because Thinking is over-valued in online communities.  Generally they tend to mistype as INTPs and ENTJs.  I've even seen ESFJ and ISFJ a few times.  Of course either Ne-dom, especially when young, can convince themselves of anything, so I'm sure it's not *that* uncommon.Well, there's me lol.Are you new at the job?  Is this a problem you often face - freezing when trying to use a new skill?Yes, I think this is likely.  ENFPs often also mistype as INFPs because they consider themselves to be introverted (and many of them are, according to the stereotypical cultural meaning of the word).  I also see ENFPs mistyping as INFJs a lot.  I can't say for sure but I suspect that's because they've seen statistics that INFJs are the 'rarest' type haha.

I love your questions btw.Good question!

He's ESFP, interestingly.I'm not talking about Fi-doms, I'm talking about ENFPs.WHAT YOU'RE A GIRL!!!  That's amazing!  Your username threw me off haha!

No but you're like, actually quite logical and open-minded, I don't think it's self-delusion so much as maturity, confidence, and humility.💖!Thank you!  I'm hoping it turns out to be useful for people. :)"Social" introversion (what average people usually think about when they say they're an introvert) is actually different from Jungian introversion.  A lot of Jungian extraverts (myself included) identify more with being an introvert because we like to stay home, sit on the computer, etc.  Actually very few people seem to consider themselves social extraverts in my experience.

Another part of it is that we often seem unaware of the aspects of ourselves that other people notice.  If *you* were hanging out with this guy at a party, would *you* think he was the awkward guy?  I think it's more likely that he'd be surrounded by people who are happy to talk to him, but maybe that he'd feel awkward simply due to insecurity etc.&gt; didn't downvote you/i actually upvoted you (seems like this is a controversial subject)

ha, thanks.  Well, I'm not surprised some people don't want to hear it. 😂

So it's important to remember that our tertiary function activates our dominant function, and our dominant function supervises our auxiliary function.

So for ENFPs, tert Te activates Ne.  Which means that learning new information or being faced with a real-world problem sends you guys into a whirlwind of possibilities and new perspectives.  I think you've described experiencing that in the past.  In this way I think ENFPs are often susceptible to the chain of hear about something -&gt; "Oh what if it applies to me!" kind of thinking.  You know, like how med students often think they have the diseases they're reading about.  This will be especially visible in young ENFPs who haven't fully developed their Si yet (they may not stop to think, "oh, actually, I've never had a seizure so I probably don't have epilepsy...")

And then on top of that, Ne supervises Fi.  What this means is two fold:

1. The dominant function transfers the agenda to the auxiliary function, and the auxiliary function primarily exists to serve it.  That means that, for an ENFP, most usage and implementation of Fi (who I am, what I care about, what feels right to me) is curated to provide the individual with the most "Ne" experience (primarily generating new possibilities, discovery, expansion of understanding).  [Here](http://wholesocionics.herokuapp.com/articles/0) is an article where you can read more about the agenda of different functions.  So unlike INFPs, who are drawn toward choosing one identity and sticking with it, ENFPs are more drawn to trying on lots of different identities and seeing how they feel.  I'm reminded of this scene of [Gene from Bob's Burgers](https://youtu.be/uCt0mfue8ao) (ENFP, interestingly enough.)
2. Mihai (u/doctormolotov) used the metaphor of [surjection](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6c/Surjection.svg/220px-Surjection.svg.png) to explain this one.  Essentially, the content and output of the auxiliary function is constrained by the 'acceptable' output of the dominant function.  So if Fi says "1, 2, 3, 4", and 1 &amp; 2 map well for Ne's "A &amp; B", then that information is incorporated in full.  But if 3 &amp; 4 only partially fit into Ne's "C", then due to the supervision relationship, it will cut out any extraneous/unacceptable/un-useful pieces and only incorporate the pieces that accurately service both the agenda of the dominant (as mentioned above) and the persona as well (the face we put on to the world and to ourselves).

So any Fi information that contradicts the "character" that an ENFP wears is rejected (and of course this is true of every type in regards to their auxiliary and dominant functions). As they mature, become more comfortable with themselves, develop their Si, etc., there's less and less information in that realm that seems threatening or constraining.  Ne gets better at seeing how "unpleasant" (or even just "uninteresting") facts can actually serve its agenda - open new opportunities, let them explore things more in-depth, and so on.Ha, nice.  He's ESTP.  That first video cracked me up.How about this - I'll put you in my queue and do [a video](http://junglove.net/category/advice/) on the topic in the future. :)Fi operates very differently in the dominant position compared to the auxiliary position.  Also between the delta and gamma quadras.  And process vs. result makes a difference as well.Grips are not real.

The issues you're describing could affect most personality types.  It sounds like you may be suffering some sort of anxiety disorder.  I'm curious what 'uncharacteristic bursts of energy' refers to.  Is it possible you're experiencing mania as part of bipolar disorder?

Depending on the severity of the issue (whether or not it's seriously affecting your life), you may benefit from speaking with a therapist or psychiatrist.Cultures have "types" too, based on their values and preferences.  This influences how the people within the culture develop and act, although my intuition is that actual personality types are evenly distributed across the world.

The US as a whole is ESTJ.  I'm not sure about China, but much of Asia is Fe-Ti.  Korea is ESFJ, Japan is ENTP, India is ENFJ, Russia is ISTP.

The U.K. is INTJ.  France is ISFP.  Germany is ISTJ.

Mexico is ENFP.  Brazil is ESFP.

Regions, cities, religions, and subcultures can also have "types".  Genres of music, film, literature, art etc. often have "quadras" more than types, but that can influence people too.😘

I'm just so popular!  I can't help it if everyone wants my attention!!!!!!Is his brother the other guy in that first video?My type: ENFJ

Past SOs: ISTP, ENFP, ISFP, INFJ, ISTJ, ISFJ (ex-fiance), INTP (current husband)

Other notable crushes/flings: INFP, ESTP, ESTJ + INFP (couple), ISFP, ISTP x3

Best friend: INFP.  Only lifelong friend until her passing.  Had several other friends in childhood (ISTJ and ESFP come to mind) but none that I ever would have considered 'best'.  Other than my ex-fiance and my husband I suppose.  I have acquaintances, casual friends, and internet friends of pretty much every type I'd guess.I can role Te for you but I'm afraid it won't be very satisfying for either of us. :/

You might be interested in [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/JungianTypology/comments/63owi2/beebe_on_cultural_attitudes/di0rbga/) my husband has written on the subject.

The U.S., France, Korea, and Romania (ISFP) are typed based on my personal experience of having lived there.  The others are based only on visiting or media.

Socionics is absolutely Ti-Fe.  Russia is an ISTP culture.  The most prominent living socionist (Gulenko) is INTP.

It's complicated because the system has been being refined and developed for almost 50 years.  There is a LOT of information, much of it solely in Russian.

If anything, MBTI is Te-Fi.  Briggs Myers was INFP.  It's oversimplified, nuance is removed, it removes all human judgment and attempts to standardize a test, it's primarily implemented in corporate settings, and people are told that "any type can be anything as long as they believe~!"&gt; charts and shapes and lines and things like quasi-identities

Ti loves charts and graphs and models, much more than Te, which primarily uses them in an instructive or reference manner, not in an attempt to chart complicated abstract theories.

&gt; scientific validity 

Socionics does have a Te research component, but it's primarily theory and analysis, which is Ti.

&gt; deep individual insight

This is not Fi, it's just F.

&gt; distinct categories

This is not Ti, just T.  Actually just J, because F categorizes things too.

&gt; aims at a general understanding of people

Sure.  But it's so poor at it I'd suspect role Fe lol.  Vastly oversimplified.

&gt; I'm an INTP

Are you sure about that?

Regardless, you need to brush up on what the functions actually represent, and you seem to know very little about Socionics.  That is literally the shortest post ever made on socionics.WHO ARE YOU, WHERE DID YOU COME FROM

💗💗💗What?I was impressed by their answer and I hadn't seen them before."But it's Te!  It's Te so it's better - and I have the Te to prove it!"Oh!  I know, I know!  Is it your vulnerable function, blackalyph? 😇

(ps ["actual validity"](https://i.redd.it/o0fqtm3tn8ly.jpg))This jives with my experience.He's ENTP.Yeah, M told me after.  I hadn't noticed before. &gt;_&lt;[All done](https://youtu.be/EcMpZsCx5Qs)!  Hope you enjoy. :)[All done](https://youtu.be/EcMpZsCx5Qs)!  Hope you enjoy. :)Happy to help! :D&gt; Do you think that has to do with Te PoLR?

Yes, slash weak Ti.  I struggle with this on occasion too.

&gt; I'd also be interested in a video about Te and Si in INFJs, on that note.

Comment saved!  I need to write some theory articles about the vulnerable and role functions.You are very welcome!  Te is your child (tertiary) function so it feels uncomfortable to try to use it as anything more than play.

I think it's a gift to be able to identify with so many different people and situations.  But the challenge is to use that gift to be a better person, be a better friend, look for new opportunities and ways to grow...not to steal focus away from others, or to assume you really understand them just because you can inhabit some part of their headspace.

This may explain why many ENFPs are such great character actors.  Tatiana Maslany, for example.  She does other types better than most any actor I've seen.  In Orphan Black, her ESTJ (Alison) and ENTP (Cosima) are perfect, exactly right, which is really impressive.  Her ESTP (Sarah), ENTJ (Rachel), and even ISTP (Helena) are a *little* off, but honestly the fact that she can do them so well given how different they are from her is incredibly impressive imo.💝!!  Thank you for sharing it! 😍

Note to u/velvetcushion, the video mainly focuses on appearance because that was the specific question I was answering from another sub (I believe it was someone who was like "Why do SJWs make themselves so unattractive?") so just know that going in!  I also have [this video](http://junglove.net/are-estjs-more-likely-to-be-anti-sjw/) that touches on the subject in parts as well.Nobody should be describing an ENFP as patient.  ExxPs are the least patient temperament.ExFJs are big on research.  We tend to try to become 'experts' on things that might be useful for ourselves or others in the future.  Some examples of my personal phases include bra fitting, corsetry, makeup, typology, skincare, taking care of pet rats, body language, politics, generational theory, and foreign languages.  I spend a lot of time reading about these things, watching videos, practicing giving advice, testing things out, and so on, until I feel I've attained a certain level of mastery with these topics.

We also consume a lot of media that triggers emotions and exploration of values.  Movies, TV shows, video games, music, and so on.  We're less likely to develop complex theories about these things than high Fi users however.  ENFJs tend to have broader tastes in these areas and to spend more time analyzing them than ESFJs, who tend to have specific genres, actors, etc. that they prefer to stick to.

ESFJs spend more time physically doing things, especially maintenance-oriented tasks or those that involve use of the hands.  Cooking, cleaning, crafts, decorating, setting up events, taking care of someone, etc.   (ENFJs enjoy these things sporadically but struggle to maintain a routine centered around objects in the physical world.)  ENFJs tend to spend more time sitting around reading, playing games, talking on the internet, etc. (ESFJs like these things a lot too though, especially less interactive things like TV and books.)  Both types are often drawn toward creative hobbies like music, writing, art, etc.

Both types may also enjoy being involved in physical activities and sports.  ESFJs are likely to be better at them, in general, but do it mainly for the social interaction and health.  ENFJs aren't as naturally talented but are more motivated by competition, overcoming barriers, eliminating perceived weaknesses, and being involved in the zeitgeist (e.g. ENFJs are more drawn to trendy activities like crossfit or pilates, with ESFJs somewhat more likely to participate in more traditional activities like kickboxing and hiking, though of course there's plenty of crossover).

Fe is not just about interpersonal interaction, but also the interaction between people and objects.  So rearranging furniture, packing a suitcase, or creating a user interface also require Fe because it's important to understand how people use the objects involved, what their preferences and needs are, and so on.Let's be real, can we ever claim it's truly on?Subdued Fe would necessitate reliance on Te, which is INFJ's weakest function and very difficult to use for an extended period of time.  So my instinct would be to say that it's not possible for an INFJ to have 'repressed' Fe.  Unhealthy or maladaptive, sure, though.Some of these are spot on, others are off.

* Germany, England, Russia, and Australia are right.
* US as a whole is ESTJ.  There are regional differences.
* Don't know about Canada.
* Japan is ENTP.
* Mexico is ENFP.
* Not sure about Columbia but I lean toward ESFP.
* France is ISFP.* Japan is ENTP
* India is ENFJ
* Korea (both) is ESFJ
* China may also be ESFJ but I can't say for sure.Your inferior function is not your enemy.  Using Ni *is* acting in a healthy way.1. Fe-Ti are complementary; all judgments require both introverted and extraverted functions as well as Thinking and Feeling functions.  For example it is easy to develop a system of logical tests to determine whether a particular behavior is ethical according to some predetermined standard of ethics.
2. Fe and Te, on the other hand, are incompatible.  You can not simultaneously consider both the human-dependent factors of a situation *and* the human-exclusionary factors of the same situation.  ExxPs, and to a lesser extent IxxPs, are able to consider both factors to one degree or another, but never simultaneously because they are mutually exclusive.
3. Loops aren't real.  They were invented on Tumblr and message boards.  As far as energy metabolism goes, it's true that the tertiary function does activate the dominant function, but energy (and information) do not flow backward.  From the dominant, the demonstrative function is activated, followed by the role, and then back to the tertiary.  The auxiliary function, on the other hand, cannot activate the dominant function, but rather is supervised by it; you can think of it functioning primarily as a tool or an extension of the dominant function's agenda.  Because the auxiliary and tertiary have different relationships to the dominant function, there is no inherent relation between one of them being "over-used" and one of them being "under-used".  Again, to reiterate what I said above, any two functions found in a type's auxiliary and tertiary position are going to be both complementary and self-reinforcing, so if anything, "over-use" (whatever that means) of one would inherently lead to over-use of the other.  For example, an INFJ who is over-confident in their Ti (which is almost all of them, because almost everyone is over-confident in the use of their tertiary function) is actually going to seem to demonstrate "Fe-ness" a lot more than they otherwise would; what you'd really be seeing there, however, is simply Fe with subdued Fi (because the use of Ti suppresses Fi).

So since "repressed" Fe would necessitate over-reliance on Te, and Te is an INFJ's weakest and most loathed function (their vulnerable), I find it very unlikely that that's a thing that could exist in any meaningful way.

ETA: Thinking about it, the only situation where I could see an INFJ relying on Te for any extended period of time would be one in which the Te is provided for them from external circumstances, in which case they would not be called upon to use it themselves, and so its weakness would not be relevant.  I'm thinking in terms of perhaps a child or a very co-dependent person who has someone standing around to wipe their nose and solve all their problems so that they never need to make any judgments about the external world.Ni is always activated (spurred to action, given information) by Ti in INFJs, and Fe serves to implement the agenda (the "will") of the dominant function in them.  Fe does not inform their Ni; it's the other way around.

I don't know the unhealthy INFJ you're talking about, but if you describe the situation perhaps I can make a conjecture about what's going on with them.Lol.  Or vulnerable Fe.

I think a lot of times people notice a real behavior and just wildly misattribute the cause because they don't have a strong grasp on the theory.  But then the part I don't understand is where they insist that they *do* know and understand everything there is to know about typology.  I think a lot of people believe it's just a matter of personal opinion... :/? Huh?  I wasn't trying to be condescending to anyone, I'm sorry if it came across that way.

Vulnerable Fe is what IxTJs have; inferior Fe is IxTPs.  They both have issues with it but in different ways.Well, your inferior function is a vital function, so it's not like you have much conscious control over whether or not you're using it anyway.  It's more a matter of "letting it happen" rather than forcing it, in general.

I agree that cooperation is key, as is seeking out sources of wisdom or help from others who are strong in our tert and inferior functions, but in doing so you're naturally strengthening them, especially with semi-duals (not sure about tert).  But using your inferior function is not 'trying to be something you're not'.  The anima/animus is a genuine part of you, the part that remains when you strip away your ego and self-conception.

&gt; mostly what I've experienced is that it makes you feel insufficient

So does working out for the first few times.  Is it better to have others lift the weights for you?Depends on how you mean the word.  Generally NFPs.&gt; Charlie Sheen

ESTJ

&gt; Roger Federer

ISFP&gt; Kendrick Lamar

ISFJ

ISFJs have demonstrative Fi so they can seem very Fi to outside observers.I find the characters on this show really hard to type.  It's interesting how they simultaneously seem so 'realistic' and yet so many of their actors are not the same type as the characters they play, which can make typing them pretty difficult.  My thoughts:

* Piper's hard.  I think the actress is not the same type as the character.  I've always said ESTJ, but ENFP is not crazy now that you say it.  I'd have to rewatch and see.
* Alex is either INTJ or ISTP.  Again, actress is different from the character.
* Red is definitely ENTJ.  Actress is too.
* Nicky's another one where the actress may be off.  I would guess ESTP but ENTP is not crazy.
* Lorna seems ESFJ, not sure though
* Boo is 100% ENFP, no questions there.  Actress is too.  (That makes it so much easier, haha!)
* Doggett as ENFJ I hadn't considered, I could see that.
* Daya is probably INFP, though ISFP's not impossible.
* Gloria as ESFJ makes sense, ESTJ is possible too
* Flaca is more likely introverted, ISFP.
* Maritza is probably ESFJ
* Crazy Eyes is definitely ENTP
* Poussey is absolutely INTP, well done.
* Janae as ISTJ makes sense
* Sophia is Fi-Te.
* Norma as ISFJ makes a lot of sense.
* Yoga is definitely FP.
* Soso more likely ESFJ
* Caputo as ISFJ makes sense
* Bailey is probably ISFP
* You forgot Healy.  I believe he's INFJ.

I left out the ones I didn't have a strong opinion on.  I agree with you on most of them!  Would be interesting to type the actors.  It might help to figure out their types (for instance, Helena from Orphan Black seems vaguely 'typeless' until you realize that Tatiana Maslaney is ENFP, and then you can see that she's about as ISTP as you can get from an ENFP starting point.):* Happy to help! &lt;3I think Poussey is a fairly typical INTP, to be honest.  Maybe just not a stereotypical one.

As for *how* I came to it, well...that's hard to explain.  I don't analyze people to find their type.  I just look at it and see it, like identifying different species of animals.  I can make up different explanations after the fact, but I don't like to do that.

Part of what makes typing fictional characters hard is, like I said, when the actors don't match the character's type, and then you get this weird hybrid of traits that looks kind of like a pig, and kind of like a donkey, and also like something else you've never seen before.  But Poussey just looks like an INTP, pure and true.

Oh, as for why other people get it wrong - most people are terrible at typing.  Sad but true. :/  You're obviously pretty good at it, so keep practicing!What does she self-type as?  She's INFP.Ah, apologies.  No, she's definitely INFP.Due to the fact that you're asking this: No.

Or, more accurately, I could convince you, but then you would be wrong.It's mainly Ne-Si.  The rejection of meta-narratives can be seen as a rejection of Ni.

I would say that anecdotally it seems to be mostly Deltas, possibly as a rejection of Ti, as you alluded to (post-modernism could be considered a kind of post-structuralism, and structuralism is primarily based around Ti).  Deconstructionists, like Derrida, are often ENFP.  The works of critical theory and post-modern takes on art/literature analysis I've seen tend to be written by INFPs and ISTJs.&gt; Žižek

Just typed him.  ENTP.  Omg his clothes lolLol.  There are no NFJ post-modernists.You're Ne-dom.The fact that you created this thread is very characteristic of an Ne-dom.  They almost always question their type, ask for people to explain things to them, try to debate and argue things one way or another, and find it difficult to settle down on one answer and accept it.

Nothing I hate worse than telling someone the truth and they keep questioning it and dancing around, looking for some other explanation.  Unvalued Ne here.  Not that it's not a useful trait for society - it absolutely is - just not something I like to do for fun.  So based on my experience, you're ENxP.

I do type people professionally, but only through video, so feel free to send me a PM if you're interested.It's mainly due to inferior Se.  INxJs in general may tend toward extremism, though that's a minority.I can look at her and see.  Like identifying whether an animal is an elephant or a cat.&gt; I guess what I really want is some type of documentary demonstrating each type in their natural habitat so I have a reference point. Planet Earth for MBTI.

I'm in the process of building a database for this at [my website](http://junglove.net).  It's a total mess right now so excuse that please, but I'm hoping eventually it'll be a treasure trove of typed people alongside videos of them in interviews, quotes, etc. for you to draw from.I do type people professionally, but only through video, so feel free to send me a PM if you're interested.&gt; Can you convince me I'm not and ENTP?

And I responded, "No, I could not convince you.  Or, more accurately, I could probably convince you that you're not an ENTP, but if I did that, you'd be wrong (because you probably are one)."  Although now I'm wondering if you might not be ENFP actually.Oh yeah.  We know exactly where to hurt.  xSFJs too, if they know the person well.No, I can't read their mind.  I can tell their type.

(Although as an NFJ I can probably predict what they're thinking better than the average person, but that's another story.)

It's Fe.  The same way 'squiggles' turn into 'words' when you learn how to read, I've learned how to 'read' type on people.  Types are often immediately visible to me, the way I can identify animals or pieces of furniture.  It took me a long time to get to this point - I had to do the 'painstakingly analyze and question' thing and learn a lot of theory before the process started to become more automatic - and there are still individuals that I struggle with, enough that sometimes I have to put them on the backburner and come back in a month or two to try again.  Over time I've built up a repertoire of mannerisms, facial movements and expressions, speech styles, etc. that correlate predictably to type.  Kind of like how an expert might be able to tell what sport an Olympic athlete participates in by their body shape and muscle development.What do you do, if you don't mind me asking?  Curious. :)Probably it's just ignorance.  It's possible she took a test or something and got that as a result.  Or she read descriptions that weren't written well (Keirsey or the like).  I think it's unlikely that she knows or suspects her real type but wants to pretend to be an INFJ.

Most INFPs are quite good at typing themselves when given the correct information.Rowling is INFP.  Watch an [interview](https://youtu.be/LoBPOZznSvY?t=2m32s) of her and compare it to similar INFPs, like [Samantha Bee](https://youtu.be/fz1WYAt_qTc?t=1m8s) and [Hayley Williams](https://youtu.be/5GwT2Sj2Ibw), and to a lesser extent [Imogen Heap](https://youtu.be/pTwC1JCa9Bw?t=1m55s) and [Elizabeth Warren](https://youtu.be/zX099yxeOdI?t=39s).  Even [Bill Nye](https://youtu.be/Y_b6v4cObR8) and [John Iadarola](https://youtu.be/ikfvmW-UT60?t=11s) have aspects in common.I was Slytherin up until my early 20s, now I'm probably Ravenclaw.

It doesn't help that the common rooms in Pottermore look soooo uninviting lol.  Like fun to hang out for an afternoon, but who wants to try to study and relax [here](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Pvkf3n_C_vY/maxresdefault.jpg) every day?  And [Ravenclaw](https://images.pottermore.com/bxd3o8b291gf/7eVMhtL01GMG0WIsUcSEKg/aa31a61d431e6b0ce0e6d13ac171a55b/RavenclawCommonRoom.jpg?w=1200) and [Hufflepuff](https://images.pottermore.com/bxd3o8b291gf/10V5UBcXXQQAY6qMYIeowK/49a9019566aebfcdb7541cbd53e5d847/HufflepuffCommonroom_PM_.jpg?w=1200) aren't much better.  The only one that looks like an actual, cozy common room is [Gryffindor](https://images.pottermore.com/bxd3o8b291gf/6kcgbSlLr2aU0w6ck6Ssm0/b01dede22151b1cc0c80656b956c73f5/GryffindorCommonRoom.jpg?w=1200), surprise surprise.

In Rowling's mind, it seems that Gryffindor is basically xNFP with some xSFP, Ravenclaw is maybe xNTP and ISTJ, Hufflepuff is almost exclusively ISFJ, and Slytherin is Betas (xSTPs and xNFJs) with some xNTJs (Snape) thrown in.  Malfoy is basically an amalgamation of all the Beta types - he somehow has Se, Ni, Fe, and Ti all in equal amounts, with the strengths of those functions when necessary and the weaknesses when necessary for the plot.No, that's Si.It depends on the type of video game and the skills involved.

ISTPs are really good at timing, reaction, and tactics in games like Mortal Kombat, Dark Souls, Bloodbourne, etc.  But they really suck at exploring, finding hidden stuff, and putting together clues and hints like you have to in certain larger-scale games like Tomb Raider.

As an ENFJ I'm not bad but not great at either of those.  I pick up new skills pretty fast and easily figure out 'what I'm supposed to do' in a game (I rarely get stuck from being confused), but I'm terrible at remembering complicated sequences of moves or things like crafting where you have to evaluate which materials work best with which diagrams and so on to get the best effect.&gt; Ne only hinders you in the long run.

Well, except that ISTPs on Let's Plays will go for hours without figuring out how to use a healing potion, and just keep dying until they finally accidentally hit the right button.  Or will walk right past the path out of the level a hundred times, wandering in circles lol.

My favorite YouTube gamer is an ISTP and he's so smart but sometimes he misses stuff that's so obvious to me, drives me crazy lol.It absolutely is.  Being discerning, selective, and personal about photography - a sensory, artistic, fiddling-with-settings-and-detailed-equipment hobby?  My husband's sister is ISFJ and refuses to upload more than one picture a day, although she has hundreds if not thousands in backlog, precisely so that she can make sure to select, edit it, and put the perfect quote on it, exactly as OP describes.  It's textbook Si.  Also common in NPs, especially INFPs.

Also, only an Si-Ne person could be so disgusted by Se ("most people just spam 500 pictures of GARBAGE").Hang out with Te-doms.ENFJ

I prefer to look at my feet and naturally spend about 3/4 of the time doing that when I'm alone, occasionally looking up to take in the view or see where I'm going.

When there are other people around, I force myself to look ahead so I don't seem insecure, and also so I don't accidentally run into them.Are you like, character acting right now?  What's going on?Your flair was INTJ and you were being dismissive and a bit rude toward me, so it was the only theory I could come up with.I bet you look cool walking around!!  I'm afraid I always look just a *touch* bewildered.  Although it's entirely possible that's all in my head.

(Also you need a flair on this sub, daisy!)Omg that sounds hard O_O  Sounds really good for you though!Nope, she's ENFJ.  I don't blame you for wondering, though; her styling and interests are more common for xNFPs.  I wouldn't be surprised if that's who she primarily hangs out with.I love it when you share!!!

Ever since that tower fire in London, I've been obsessed with the idea of regulations and best practices.  It's a kind of risk management, right?  I've been looking for books to add to my collection.  I'd especially like to find an anthology that lists several related tragedies or incidents and then how people's behavior changed afterward (e.g. doctors washing hands, accessible fire exits, things like that).  But I have no idea what to even Google to find it. O_O  Do you have any rec's perchance?  (or documentaries, or websites, etc.)[John Wolfe](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCSjXXHwfaDq1w9oQ0xgOFNg).  Used to be called HarshlyCritical.

His playthrough of [Until Dawn](https://youtu.be/f4BeTTTPaVQ) is fantastic.  I love his reactions lol.Yesss, glad you like it! :DAs far as a healthy, fulfilling relationship, my advice is to look for ExxJs, especially Fe-doms (ExFJs).  That is if you are absolutely sure of your type.

There's nothing wrong with you, at least not that I can tell from your post, and even the craziest, weirdest, most unusual people can find true love.  This man did you a favor by rejecting you, because it frees you up to meet the guy who will thank his lucky stars every day to have you in his life.  And I know it sounds silly and unattainable now, but that day will come.  You'll see.

In the meantime, two things:

- Focus your attention on falling in love with yourself.  Take yourself places you've never been.  Treat yourself right.  Talk to yourself (in your mind or otherwise, you do you boo) the way you would talk to someone you love.  Take care of yourself.  Sometimes that means saying no to what you want right now because it's not good for you in the long run.  Sometimes it means letting go for an afternoon and just doing something that feels good.  Sometimes that means pushing yourself, but never harder than you would push someone you love.  Sometimes that means comforting yourself when you don't succeed.  This is the dual practice of learning what you want and expect from an intimate partner, and taking care of yourself in their stead until you've found each other.
- Put yourself in situations where you have the opportunity to meet - and get to know - new people.  Especially, as I mentioned before, look for ExFJs.  Go to meetups.  Join clubs.  Take classes.  Go to chill bars and coffee shops.  Say "yes" to social opportunities as often as is good for you (again, if you were encouraging someone you loved to be social, to what extent would you push them?).  Volunteer.  Get involved in community projects.  Whatever makes you feel alive.  Do it for yourself, for practice being social, with no expectations or strings attached.

If you follow this advice, the right person will come into your life.  I promise you.  You're not meant to be alone - maybe right now you are, but not forever.Temperament plays a big part of it.  They get along well and have great conversations.  Temperament is really instrumental in conversational flow especially, I've found - having a complementary temperament (ExxJ x IxxP / ExxP x IxxJ) is the most important factor in how natural and comfortable conversations seem between two people.

As far as long-term relationships, ENTP and INFJ are mostly going to be intermittant, drifting in and out of each other's lives, either in terms of memorable trysts or intimate when together but never able to get the timing quite right.  Of course it's certainly possible to have a successful long-term friendship or marriage with this pair, but you're absolutely right that in the long-term they are not going to be able to satisfy each other's inferior functions, which they will find unfulfilling if they can't achieve that elsewhere.OH good one!  I'd never typed Luke before, but it makes sense.   Would have to watch again.&gt; I've no interest in them whatsoever

ESFP?  Ew, never!  B- baka...!Let's see...

::digs in fictional character collection::

I've got:

* The Little Mermaid - Ariel (ENFP) + Eric (ISTJ)
* The Lion King - Simba (ENFP) + Nala (ISTJ)

Unfortunately that's all, hmm. :/

But I do have ENFP + ISFJ:

* Beauty and the Beast - Beast (ENFP) + Beauty (ISFJ)
* The Age of Adeline - Ellis (ENFP) + Adeline (ISFJ)

I need more movie and TV characters! :OIt's a semi-dual relation so there will be lots of "moth-to-a-flame" action.  Lots of fighting and/or misunderstandings, but the make-up is sweet.

It takes a degree of maturity and commitment to pull off.  I would recommend it for people in their mid-20's and later.  But it's probably the relationship I would rate as having the highest degree of success and fulfillment long-term.

Also, what people report themselves as wanting is very often poorly correlated with what actually makes them happy, especially long-term.  The inferior function makes people feel vulnerable and uncomfortable, and teenagers and young adults in particular tend to reject it in others.  xSTPs in particular have very little in the way of self-knowledge in terms of preferences and emotional health.  Unlike relations of duality, where each partner covers the other's weakness, semi-dual relations shine a light on it in an uncomfortable way.  At the right developmental stage, however, this can lead to an incredible period of growth and a surge in confidence that's pretty hard to get in almost any other circumstance.

And it's just worth a mention that people often suck at typing themselves and others.  So an "ISTP" and their "ESFJs" may not be.  (Although it's just as likely that people actually of those types, again in their teens particularly, would say that about each other.)I need video.  I've sworn off doing text typing as there's just too much error, at least for me.  I am very confident in my video (or, obviously, in-person) abilities, but through text I would say I only get it right 50-75% of the time.

With video, it jumps to 95-98% accuracy.  Estimating of course.  I can often tell within the first few minutes.  Primarily about posture, facial expressions, mannerisms, and speech patterns.  To a lesser extent things like styling, topic of conversation, environmental factors like that.HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 🎂🍰🎁!

My birthday, and the birthdays of people I care about, are really important to me.  It's not the turning a year older thing that matters much to me anymore, just the fact of celebrating that the person I love (or myself!) is in the world.  Taking the opportunity to make that person feel loved, special, and happy.  Especially me.  I like presents and yummy food and doing fun things lol.  I like feeling special for a day. :D  And I also really like giving gifts to people I love (and also suggesting that we eat yummy food and do fun things, lolol).No, personality type doesn't change.  People do change as they get older, though, in relatively predictable ways.  You may be interested in [this video](http://junglove.net/function-development-when-how/) I made about the subject.There are definitely differences in how the relationships are expressed, but as far as I know, the fundamentals remain the same.  For example, my husband (INTP) and I are semi-duals, and we have actual arguments fairly frequently (yelling, crying, etc., mostly on my part of course lol), although they've decreased the longer we've been together.  But for example, an ESTJ x ISFP couple I know don't really argue like that.  They just get fussy, get cranky, have topics they can't let go of that they keep returning to and nagging each other about (well, probably mostly the ESTJ nags the ISFP haha), and so on.  So I've refined my understanding since then - it's not that semi-duals *fight* a lot, but that there's a lot of potential for *conflict* that arises and resolves in waves.  I think in this way there's the possibility that a lot of the relationship descriptions are partially incomplete, or better explain the relationships between some types and miss some of that nuance for others.

That said, my intuition is that if some pairs are better in some ways, they're worse in other ways.  Oh, one thing I've noticed is that there seems to be a lot more insecurity between members of my benefit ring (ENTP -&gt; ENFJ -&gt; ESFP -&gt; ESTJ) than in my husband's &amp; yours (INFJ -&gt; INTP -&gt; ISTJ -&gt; ISFP).  So like, ENTPs can feel very uncomfortable with ENFJ probing and emotional intrusion, and ENFJs can feel very uncomfortable resisting demands or even simple requests from ESFPs.  But that doesn't seem to be true in y'all's benefit ring, at least not as much.  So I think there's a lot of interesting research that could go on with these relations!Only the funnest ones ;)You need to buy a new textbook. :P

Anyway, it's common for people to aspire to be more like their beneficiary.So I talked to u/DoctorMolotov and it seems like it may be reverse for process and result types.  Process types (which include ISFJ &amp; INFP) are more likely to internally identify with benefactor, and want to be seen as their beneficiary.  Result types are more likely internally identify with their beneficiary, and wish to be seen as their benefactor.  I think there can be both admiration and infantilization in both directions though, just about different realms  (internal vs. external).

Definitely something worth doing more research into!

&gt; And FINALLY someone agrees that Belle is a Si-dom! I thought ISTJ, but I never get it right on the first try;)

Yay!  Quite close. :D  She's too pliable and gentle to be an ISTJ haha.  Imagine an ISTJ when Gaston comes trying to marry her:  "No. Goodbye."That's right!  People see a lot of Fi and just assume INFP, but Belle is so graceful and composed.  Reading and being off in your head and dreaming of adventure are definitely things ISFJs do.Well, I don't know what type you are, deleted :P  But yes, INTPs love ExFJs too.Thanks!  At first I was worried people wouldn't be interested if they didn't know the celeb, but actually I think it's better because people are coming without preconceived notions so they can analyze the people more objectively. :)  And this way I get to give a little shoutout to some of the less famous public figures I'm interested in (although not everyone I'll put up is necessarily someone I'm a fan of, of course!)The biggest problem I ever had with my INFP best friend was not being able to depend on her to do what she said she would.

When we were little, she regularly missed events - even my birthday parties - because she forgot until the day before that she had double-booked.

I visited her several times during college.  She never came to my campus.  When I moved to Korea - something she would have loved to see - she kept promising to come visit, but then blowing her money on buying Japanese and Korean clothes and merch online instead of saving for an airline ticket.  I even went home once to see her, but she never came.

Then she died, so she never got the chance to. :(

I try not to be bitter about it.  She was an amazing friend in other ways.  And she probably would have gotten a lot better at it by now.I learn best when everything is given to me pre-organized and dissected into logical chunks, and I'm given the opportunity to ask and (especially) answer questions as we go along.  I like watching videos and attending large lectures in particular.  That's not enough, though - I'll only retain about 25% of material presented that way.

The second step is forcing me to engage with it and re-create it.  I love worksheets, following instructions, textbooks, and computer applications (interactive learning module things).  I love taking notes from readings and lectures (not videos, because I want to just watch and pay attention).  I like sorting and classifying things into appropriate categories.  I suck at memorizing things through force of will, but I learn really quickly when I'm asked to reproduce it (e.g. something like Khan Academy or Duolingo where I need to answer questions to prove that I understand).

It's much more challenging for me to learn facts in isolation without fitting them into some sort of larger structure.  I'm actually quite good at math, but I struggled a lot in school because we were expected to use math formulas without knowing or understanding how and why they worked.  I can't do that.  It's not just that I can't memorize the formula - I can, with enough effort - but that I'll never understand when I'm supposed to use it or what numbers to put where unless I understand what, exactly, the formula is doing, and why.  Trig was the worst for me because my teacher literally never explained anything.  He never told us what a tangent was, at least not in a way that I could understand.  And yet I was expected to do all of these operations involving it without understanding the basic fundamentals of what I was even doing or trying to find.  It was such a nightmare.

Basically, nothing exists or is "real" until I understand the rationale behind it - *why* it is the way it is, and where it fits into everything else.  A fact or idea in isolation goes in one ear and out the other.

Other things I hate include discussion groups (HATE), presentations in front of the class (giving is fine, but I HATE listening to other students), group projects, individual research projects, creative projects (unless it relates to the subject I'm learning, like if I were in a music composition or art class), experiments if I don't understand what we're supposed to be learning, long essays.  Anything disorganized or open-ended, or where I'm forced to listen to or "learn" from someone who doesn't necessarily know what they're talking about (whether it's the teacher or a fellow classmate).

That said, I'm extremely good at synthesizing - taking information from disparate fields or realms and combining them to understand something new.  Metaphors help me learn a lot, as well - the way Richard Feynman explains science, for instance.  I tend to store information generally in terms of connections and interactions rather than individual data points, if that makes sense.

I hope I'm answering your question right.  Now as an adult, if I want to learn something, I mostly hunt and search for the specific information I care about (I just need to put it in my larger web) and ignore the rest.  If there's a subject I'm randomly interested in for whatever reason,  I tend to watch YouTube videos or do online courses or use apps.  Or read books.  Or the reddit sidebar of the relevant sub.  Etc.Thanks love 💖 I didn't understand when I was a kid - just like Amy couldn't understand why I decided to sit at the popular kids' table that week in middle school (I invited her to join me!).  Things got better as we got older, but after she died I was bitter for a while that she never did come visit.  Learning typology has helped me understand better and forgive her.  Just a shame it came too late.  But it will help me with others in the future.  Who knows, maybe one of my kids will be xNFP too :)Si-doms are generally most likely to be picky, followed by perhaps INFPs and ENTPs (not sure about ENFPs).  I've known picky ESTJs as well.  It may be a process type thing, come to think of it.  But yes, I would say it's primarily associated with Si.What could I say or do to give you confidence in my typings?It takes me between 10 seconds and five minutes to type the majority of people.  I also have a catalog of over a hundred people that I've already typed.

I used to respond to every request with detailed explanations of the reasoning behind my types.  But that was labor-intensive and frustrating.  Typing people (mostly Fe, also Ni) is much easier for me than dissecting and explaining (which requires a lot of Ti and Te).  And no matter how often I explained, I still had hordes of people following me around questioning me at every turn, arguing with me for months that I don't even know my own type.

At some point I decided not to waste my time trying to convince people who seemed to be determined not to be convinced, and instead focus my attention and energy on what I'm good at - actually determining people's types.

I'm torn because on the one hand, I think people absolutely have the right to question whether I know what I'm talking about and want further proof and explanation.  And on the other hand, I kind of feel like that's not my job - people need to be doing their own research, studying the theory, getting better at typing, and then judging their conclusions against my own, and I have confidence they'll see that I'm right.

On occasions where people I have an intellectual relationship with approach me with a disagreement, I'm happy to discuss the reasoning and look at their thoughts.  But when a stranger comes at me with personal attacks, it's hard to force myself to set aside a half hour of my time to write out explanations they're likely not genuinely interested in reading in the first place.

What would you do in my shoes?Thank you ❤Congrats on the great suggestion!  You're the top submission.  Keep an eye out for it on [the site](http://junglove.net) this coming week!  (I'll PM you when it's ready, as well.)

Update: [Here it is!](http://junglove.net/osama-bin-laden/)Congrats on the great suggestion!  You're one of the top submissions. 
 Keep an eye out for it on [the site](http://junglove.net) this coming week!  (I'll PM you when it's ready, as well.)

Update: [Here it is!](http://junglove.net/arnold-schwarzenegger/)Congrats on the great suggestion!  You're one of the top submissions. 
 Keep an eye out for it on [the site](http://junglove.net) this coming week!  (I'll PM you when it's ready, as well.)

ETA: [All done!](http://junglove.net/florence-welch/)Congrats on the great suggestion!  You're one of the top submissions. 
 Keep an eye out for it on [the site](http://junglove.net) this coming week!  (I'll PM you when it's ready, as well.)

UPDATE: [All done!](http://junglove.net/david-lynch/)I looked him up out of interest.  He is a really cool person; I really enjoyed the lectures of his I watched!  He's ISTP.I love her. :)

She's ISTP.He's so funny. :)  ENTP.Omg he is so adorable; thanks for introducing me to him.  I love his videos!  He's ISTJ.  I actually included him in [this post](http://junglove.net/how-to-spot-an-istj/) I wrote about how to spot an ISTJ, if you're interested. :)I am with you!  Lol.Good suggestion; she's INTJ.ENTP!  Found him through Laci lol.INFJ :)I don't know what their opinion is, but I looked up some videos of her because I was curious, and I agree.

Her smile is not warm, it's tight and restrained, like she has a secret about you she's about to reveal.  It's difficult to explain because it comes across as subjective without concrete evidence to point to.  I'd like to eventually go through and do a "How to spot an ENTP" post like I did [with ISTJs](http://junglove.net/how-to-spot-an-istj/), but it's a lot of work - with all these little mannerisms, what happens is that the feeling/reaction comes to me first, and then I have to identify what it's attached to (what specific expression, gesture, etc.), and then I have to figure out what the person's actually physically *doing* in an objective way to trigger that feeling.

I'll look at her more over the next few days and let you know if you want. :)He's ISFJ. :)Yes, especially the things related to being IxxJ (mostly body type, also clothes and posture to an extent) and vulnerable Fe (facial expression stuff, voice) will be familiar for INTJs.

Things like eyes &amp; gaze, symmetry, precision, rhythm, openness to participate will likely be different though.  It will be interesting to do a "How to spot an INTJ post" in the future!It's in the pipeline, I promise! :)  That should be a fun one!&gt; It'd be cool if the exact source of these things was realised one day.

I would love that!  I'm good at noticing the patterns; not so good at explaining the reasons for them.  Some are easier (facial expressions, symmetry in movement), but even I don't know exactly why ISTJs blend in so well when wearing a costume or disguise, for instance.  I just know that y'all look equally natural (or uncomfortable!) in pretty much any group, from biker gangs to NYC galas, as long as the styling's right.Interesting, let's see...

Well, I have 26 celebrities/public figures (some of them provisional pending more investigation), 8 fictional characters, and 3 cultures on my list.  I also have at least 7 I can think of in real life (I'm sure I'm forgetting some though!).  There are also a lot of people I've meet in brief encounters, see as small characters on TV shows, etc., but unfortunately I don't have a list for that!Yes!  Good question.  I actually haven't typed many models but, at least, when watching Top Model-type shows and looking at runway pics you see a lot of people who seem to be ISTJs.  I should add some more models to my list!

I do think they would be more common in runway than print/commercial just because there's less Fe.  Some of them can get good enough at natural emoting for photography but it requires more practice.

As far as the rest of the industry (designers, magazine editors, etc.) I think there will be plenty, but they'll be outnumbered by other types.  Fashion tends to be pretty Se and F.You're very welcome. :)  I felt it was only fair, since it had bounced in and out of the top 3 so much!&gt; Ne doms and Te doms usually seem to get wrinkles on their forehead more than most due to raising their eyebrows a lot.

This is especially interesting because I was doing a [brief foray](https://www.reddit.com/r/JungianTypology/comments/6ja8tw/how_to_spot_an_istj/djfno5b/) into concretely identifying ENTP facial expressions yesterday and I noticed that they tend to have tense forehead muscles, often with the accompanying lines, especially when they're smirking.  So it makes sense that as they age they would be more likely to have forehead wrinkles!

Incidentally, I think this is part of the reason people with Botox often look 'off' in motion, even though they look fine in pictures.  The types of people who need Botox (have more wrinkles due to more expressive faces), are also the type of people who would want to get Botox (mostly Se and Fe), are also the type of people who look most unusual for their type when their facial muscles are paralyzed.

Oh and btw as far as skeletal structure, I think it's possible that there are genetic or environmental influences in how bones grow or develop that could be associated with type, but my instinct when I'm describing the types is that I'm primarily describing how people *move* their joints - for instance I've noticed INTx's often have a "nailed to the cross" posture meaning that if they lean their shoulders, their head will follow so that it remains in a perfect ➕ or ❌ alignment.  So at first glance they seem to have broader shoulders.  I think this may be why, although INTJ women are somewhat more likely to be heavier than ISTJs, even the very thin ones don't seem to have that bobblehead effect to me.  C.f. [Ella Lentini](http://c8.alamy.com/comp/H3551M/avalon-ca-1st-oct-2016-ella-lentini-rw-reinhardt-in-attendance-for-H3551M.jpg) or [Willemijn Verkaik](http://metronieuws.tcdn.nl/field/image/7ec6204c1300f93eebb8fe525a9d5124-1413829453.jpg).  You can see that even when [leaning sideways](http://7210-presscdn-0-59.pagely.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/willemijn3.jpg), their heads 'prefer' to remain aligned with their shoulders, creating the maximum perception of shoulder broadness and thus diminishing the relative perceived size of the head.  Whereas ISTJs are more [loose](https://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/uk-singles-chart/images/8/8a/Alexandra_Stan.png/revision/latest?cb=20131107200353) and [flexible](http://images.gr-assets.com/authors/1252528081p5/301030.jpg) in their head movements, which contributes to that "detached/bobbling" effect.  It may also be related to how hunched or dropped their shoulders are, or carried forward or back, or even to the angle they jut or drop their chins, etc.  And of course longer-term variations like muscular development and fat deposits as well.

I'm not ruling out genetic skeletal variations, or even the idea that long-term differences in habits and motion could influence the growth or development of the skeleton, but I *think* that a lot of what is observable could likely be attributed to illusion (due to movement/posture) or else "soft" development like muscle fat or even environmental or psychological influences in the observer (e.g. whether they find the individual intimidating, the clothes the person is wearing, etc.).  Andrew is INTP.&gt; * Gender: male
&gt; * Age: 17-27
&gt; * Intelligence: superior
&gt; * Openness: conservative
&gt; * MBTI personality profile: ISFJ
&gt; * Closest alternative we found: ISFP

Lol, it got literally nothing right except maybe intelligence, who knows (I was "gifted" in school, so that counts, right? right?).  I think it correlates typing speed with intelligence because I type pretty quickly (just tested, 93 wpm).  (ETA, changed my mind, I think they give out any 'above average' intelligence as a random result.)  There's no way any ISFJ on the planet types as quickly as I do unless it's their job or something.

ETA: I think this is probably a scam to gather e-mails and market research about people, just FYI.  I'm all for big data, especially after we dismantle our corporatocracy, so idgaf but you know.  Still bleck.I haven't been, but the media and travel shows and documentaries I've seen indicate vulnerable Si, dom Fe, and demonstrative Ne to me for sure.

What would you suggest alternatively?Did you try the second link??  You should be able to see it!That's so strange!  It works for me, says it's public...

If you go to [my channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCg3c1ZJuxnKMyfT0N1AOnBw/videos) can you see it?

Maybe it's region-locked or something?  Strange.Hmm.  It might be the copyright claim.  I played a music video during the stream and they hit me with that.  I'll try not doing that next time and see if it makes a difference. :(💋💋💋💋! :DIt's possible for an ENTP to mistype as literally any type lol.ESFPs are not conflict-averse and have very forceful personalities; however, they have strong (demonstrative) Fe, so they're unlikely to accidentally fall into a conflict the way an ESTP might.  ISxPs have supervised Se which means it is subject to the agenda of Fi or Ti and unlikely to engage in confrontation or competition for its own sake, but will handle it well if it arises.Is that a little feeling?  It is cute. :3First thing to note: This is another one of those quizzes designed to gather market research about you.  If that bothers you, don't take it.

My responses to some of the q's:

"How do you create fun in your life?"

I...I don't?  ::mini existential crisis::  Fun is a side effect of, like, work.  Or learning new things.  *Entertainment* (e.g. watching movies, reading books) feels like a different thing than what the word "fun" implies.  *I don't know how to answer this question.*

Also, "how do you feel when you're stressed?" didn't have a good option for me.  When I'm stressed I mostly feel like r/surrealmemes.  Something like [this](https://i.redd.it/aglgtb2vap5z.jpg) or [this](https://i.reddituploads.com/1a6d13efa83b4e3d90444b973447dac9?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=90db4676005b99a04d93e4c3e74a4bda).

My results:

"You're the Alchemist
(A spontaneous dreamer) You make out-of-the-ordinary decisions, quick as a flash."

Openness: 69%

&gt; Your high level of openness suggests that you are imaginative, creative, and comfortable with variety and change. But you can also tend towards individualistic behavior and impractical thinking.

Conscientiousness: 42%

&gt; You like to act immediately on impulse, which can be both effective and fun. But if taken to the extreme this can produce undesirable long term consequences for yourself and others.

Extraversion: 66%

&gt; Your high level of extraversion suggests that you experience positive emotions from social situations and activities, so are likely to seek them out and thrive in them.

Agreeableness: 66%

&gt; You value getting along with others, so are considerate, friendly, and willing to compromise your interests for the benefit of the group around you. As a result you tend to be very popular.

Neuroticism: 82%

&gt; You are emotionally reactive and prone to react intensely to events with feelings that linger for some time. This can affect your ability to think clearly or cope with change and stress.

Results sound right to me, except for the category (I don't really think I'm that spontaneous, nor that much of a dreamer, I guess depending on how you define those words.)

ETA: Oh god there's more!

Outlook: Emotional

&gt; Emotional people tend to embrace their positive and negative emotions fully, which means they have lives full of excitement. But it's all too easy to switch between happy and sad very quickly, and it's important that the highs and lows balance each other. There may be times when you would benefit from stepping back from a situation to protect yourself from getting too carried away.

Character: Thoughtful

&gt; Thoughtful people have a very giving and sympathetic character and are genuinely interested in and concerned about others. However, they can sometimes lack the persistence to follow through with their positive intentions. Luckily, you're very adept at inspiring good feelings and actions in others who can help carry you along too.

Self-Control: Reserved

&gt; You may feel a bit conflicted when you've been wronged. On the one hand it can affect you deeply to the point of feeling victimized, but on the other you can be scared of saying something about it for fear of upsetting other people. The result is that your anger might be directed inwards, which is very unhealthy. You can't always be the nice guy.

Composure: Direct

&gt; Direct people can find it hard to resist their urges and impulses. In fact, when they really want something it's hard for them to keep their desire in check. If you find it all too easy to sacrifice your long-term goals for instant gratification, or wake up with a major headache the next morning, this might be an aspect of your life that would benefit from a bit more concentration.

Taste: Pioneer

&gt; You're interested in the new and different. Whatever it is, if you haven't experienced it before, you'll want to give it a try. People who share this characteristic also enjoy meeting people from different backgrounds, so thrive in big communal activities where they can learn about new places and perspectives.

Sociability: Giver

&gt; People with this characteristic are naturally good-natured and extremely sociable. They are easy to get along with, which means they tend to be pretty popular with everyone they meet. If you recognise this trait in yourself, remember your old friends who have known you for a long time are just as important as those new buddies.

Action: Spontaneous

&gt; Spontaneous people tend to be pretty full of energy and love the thrill of new adventures. But that energy isn't always completely constructive. Your spontaneity and impulsiveness might mean that it's sometimes all too easy to drop those serious, unglamorous tasks for the promise of a good time.

Attitude: Progressive

&gt; People with progressive attitudes tend to have a great deal of faith in human nature and believe in education, co-operation and free thinking as ways to help develop society. They are willing to try new ideas and solutions and take a thoughtful approach to issues like social problems. It sounds like you tend to be seen as the voice of reason in most situations.

Process: Dream

&gt; Dreamers get very excited by the prospect of new ideas and ways of seeing the world, but they tend to lose their way in theoretical possibilities and flights of fancy. If this sounds like you, you might be seen as a fantastic starter but not so great finisher. But, no one can fault your enthusiasm and ability to thrive in the uncertainty of the new. Force yourself to be a bit more organised and you'll blow people away.

Resilience: Sensitive

&gt; Sensitive people are extremely aware of potential dangers and problems around them - perhaps a little too aware sometimes. In fact, they tend to purposefully imagine worst-case scenarios. If you recognise this trait in yourself, rather than let yourself be overcome by fear use these theoretical situations to stimulate yourself to come up with imaginative solutions.Depends on what you mean by stress.

Probably role function, in practice.  It would be vulnerable function except a lot of people have a blind spot there and either don't know how much they suck at it, or just find an excuse not to engage with it, to the point that it doesn't cause stress because they just don't think about it or do it at all.

Tertiary and inferior can definitely cause stress if over-stimulated but I would guess even ignoring would be worse.It was my favorite little face out of the bunch. :)&gt; Billy Corgan

Yes, I can't be certain at this point but INFJ seems correct for him.There's probably a correlation between rationals (ExxJ and IxxP) and suicide, come to think of it.

Irrationals (ExxP and IxxJ) tend to delay or avoid making decisions as much as possible.  ExxPs might accidentally commit suicide while trying to do more minor self-harm, or just spontaneously do something fatal without thinking of the consequences, but neither type is particularly wont to plan and execute a suicide.  I'm sure it still happens (they still do make choices after all), just more rarely.

IxxJs might more often indirectly commit "suicide through habit/inaction".  Something like anorexia, drug use, staying in an abusive relationship, etc.Si people tend to be much better at muscle memory than Ne, Ni, or Se people (excluding ISxPs, who have demonstrative Si).

But Si is more than just muscle memory.  Si is about understanding the impact the world has on you - physically, mentally, emotionally - and about understanding your inner experience, preferences, needs, etc.

Also Si is not unconscious for everyone.  All xxxJs use Si as a conscious ("mental") function, although of course it's stronger and more easy/consistent to use in SJs.Yes, I have a document.  Well, for celebs/public figures.  Real life people I just remember.

There's also [my site](http://junglove.net), where I'm slowly collecting visual and audio resources of people with their types.  Not too many people on there yet, but a ton in the pipeline!The typical school system is designed with xxxJ's in mind, particularly IxxJ's.  Although you'll find that actual school instruction often mirrors a culture's benefactor, in order to benefit that culture.  That's why you see a lot of focus on ESFP-style experiences, projects, groupwork, etc. in ESTJ America.

In my experience as a teacher, the best students are usually xSTJs, followed by ExFJs and INFJs.  ISFJs are often studious but can "fall behind", especially in the States (they do better in other cultures with less emphasis on Te).  ENTJs can be excellent students but can also slack off (xNFJs too, but less so).  Haven't typed an INTJ student so I can't speak to that; I'm sure the majority of them do quite well.

As far as xxxP's, the best are usually INxPs.  They tend to slack and do the minimum, but they do pretty well on their own merits.  This may be partially influenced by having me as a teacher, so there's a compatibility there.  Haven't typed an ISxP student so can't speak to that, I imagine it wouldn't be too different from INxP.  ExFPs, it's entirely dependent on how much they care about their grades.  If they care, they're about as good of students as you can get.  If they don't care, there's nothing a teacher can say or do to help them (well, maybe an IxxJ teacher, but not me).  ENTPs can do very well on their own merits but are basically un-teachable, at least for me.  They teach themselves and do work if they feel like it.  The best thing a teacher can do is be there to answer questions for them.  Haven't typed an ESTP student.  I imagine they would be a combination of the other ExxPs - only do it if they want to, teacher is more of a facilitator than an instructor.  I do think that being a Beta they would be more interested in living up to my expectations than other ExxPs, which might make a difference in their academic success.

(Note: I've taught students from different cultural backgrounds and I'm sure I've had students of all types when I had larger classes, but I didn't learn typology until after I started having very small classes so I haven't collected data for all of the types as students.)All types bully, all types can be bullied.  What "bullying" even means depends on the type you ask.

If you define the term concretely (specific behaviors or attitudes) I can give probability in terms of type.

However, xNFPs are the most likely to accuse others of bullying.  They tend to perceive it as the presence/application of Se.  xNTPs are more likely to perceive bullying as Fe pressure or criticism.  xSTPs are probably the least likely to claim to be victims of bullying or call someone a bully.  IxxJs are definitely victims of bullying but probably rarely discuss it.  ExxJs are probably just as likely to be perpetrators as to see themselves as victims.  Personally I'm most likely to feel bullied by ESFPs and INFPs.  Followed by INTJs and ENTPs.  Maybe some ESxJs too.  Any other type, I doubt they could "bully" me.  Hurt me sure, but I would perceive it differently.  But this is all dependent on my own type and life experience.I mentioned -

&gt; Haven't typed an ISxP student so can't speak to that, I imagine it wouldn't be too different from INxP.Probably ESTP, followed by ESTJ.

I don't like typing by function tests though.Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm no.

Probably ENFP.  Next would be INFP or INTJ, hard to say.  Almost certainly a teenager.Type distribution studies you may have seen are essentially made up from nothing.  The types are most likely evenly distributed.Well, I do offer a professional typing service from video, so please feel welcome to PM me if that's something you're interested in.

Otherwise, I suggest making a video and posting it to r/jungiantypology.  I'm sure a few folks on there would be happy to help you out.Yeah.  Gotta be careful what sources you trust.  Seems like that person probably just took a shitty test and didn't think about it much, tho.So how it works is as follows:

I have a list I've created of dozens of typing questions.  I'll send you a random selection of them to work with.  You'll set a timer for 40 minutes and start filming.  Then, you'll just read the questions out loud and answer them one-by-one.  When your timer goes off, you're done!  Then you can send me the video.  I'll respond with a type and a little data summary for you to check out (the notes I take as I'm listening, essentially).

My typing method is a two-pronged approach. The primary method I use in typing people is visual - noticing their expressions, body language, speech patterns, mannerisms, and so on. The secondary method is through the use of my questions, which I'm continually evaluating and improving on in the hope of one day having questions that are reliably predictive of type.  So people who make use of this service are also assisting me in my research, which I'm very grateful for.  Of course videos and answers are always confidential and any data I collect is anonymous.

PM me for info on price, tips for filming the video, steps to get started, etc.  :)&gt; Isn't that like, half of the population?

Yup.  Well, we make generalizations about women vs. men, don't we? :P

Interesting video!  I rolled my eyes when he said INFJs are the "rarest"...those studies about type distribution are based on nothing.  So I'm skeptical of the conclusions of the eating disorder study as well (if they had the participants take a test, it's almost certain a number of them got their type wrong).  But I don't have trouble believing INFJ, INTJ, and ENFJ commonly have eating disorders.  I can also see it with ISxJ, IxFP, and ESxJ.  Of course it's possible in all types, but that's where I'd expect it the most.Yes, for long periods of time, that would be my guess.  It requires switching off your dominant function, which takes a great deal of energy and attention.Well, I don't think it's particularly likely haha.  But I could see a teenage INTJ with *feelings* powering their Ni coming up with a story like this.  They're clearly an intuitive and most likely Te/Fi, so that's what I got.&gt; most of the time I see people's motivations

Then you're not an INTP.  Probably INFP.  (ETA, on further reflection, more likely ENFP)

&gt; when someone is just a naturally vindictive or shitty human being

strong F judgments

&gt; I don't easily forgive that

not INTP unless very young (early teens)

&gt; Particularly those people who will just never change.

Alphas (xNTP &amp; xSFJ) perceive people as always changing.I think you're awesome, for the record &lt;3Notice how he said he "was sitting in a traffic light on a rainy day, *and that's all I remember*".

Someone with strong Si would remember much more than that about that moment.

I'm not sure how it is with INFJs, but I have little "scenes" stored in my mind.  Like the picnic table next to a pine tree at my childhood playground.  The bridge in London next to the medical history museum.  There's one that's just a random intersection in Korea that stuck in my head for some reason.  And I attach things to them - like for some reason whenever I think of bra fitting, I imagine the sidewalk one street away from my house where I learned how to ride a bike (might be training wheel-training bra mental connection?)  Or when I think about World War III starting, I'm standing in my sister's front yard at her old house (normal yard, nothing strange).

So anyway, the point being that for me, *visual* or *scenic* memory is quite strong, but episodic memory is almost entirely absent.  I have no idea what I was doing, who I was with, *when* specifically I was at any of these places.  Episodic memory is Si.  This scenic or associational memory, I'm not sure what it is.  Se?  Ni?  Fe?  Not everyone has it so it can't be universal.It's not a bad relationship by any means.  Not ideal/perfect, but it can definitely work as a long-term, fulfilling relationship.

Imagine staying with him and he never changes.  He's always emotional, a "problem maker", and an impulsive spender, who never gets your jokes.  Do you think you could live a happy life with him?  Does he make you feel good about yourself?  If not, it might just not be the relationship for you.  You can love someone and spend time with them without making commitments to them.  Or, you could consider having an open relationship.  Or you could move on, because sometimes love is not enough.

Wishing he were different will never work, though.  So if you love him, accept him as he is and don't ask him to change.  Then you decide if the way he is is what you want.For sure.  Se-dom can be very forceful!Oh, I've actually done several of them!

* Juror #1 (12 Angry Men) - xxxJ?
* Juror #2 (12 Angry Men) - INFP?
* Juror #3 (12 Angry Men) - ESTJ
* Juror #4 (12 Angry Men) - ISTJ
* Juror #5 (12 Angry Men) - ????
* Juror #6 (12 Angry Men) - ????
* Juror #7 (12 Angry Men) - ESTP
* Juror #8 (12 Angry Men) - ISFJ?
* Juror #9 (12 Angry Men) - ENFJ
* Juror #10 (12 Angry Men) - ????
* Juror #11 (12 Angry Men) - ESFJ?
* Juror #12 (12 Angry Men) - ENTP

So we agree on three of them, at least :D

Always hard to type fictional characters though, especially if their actors are a different type from the character, it's from a different culture or era, etc.You're perfectly capable. :)Didn't watch the rest, but the first one is definitely surreal in an Ne-Si way.

Surrealism can also be Ni-Se.  Most of the memes on r/surrealmemes fit this description (especially for xNFJs and betas in general, a lot of them rely on weak or unvalued Te to work).

I can enjoy them both but I prefer the latter.  The movie Youth in Revolt with Michael Cera (INTP) kind of combines alpha and beta surrealism, which I appreciate.Confidence doesn't affect type.  A lack of confidence can coincide with poor self-awareness, which could disrupt the accuracy of self-reporting (basically, it could make you mistype yourself).

Additionally, the majority of teenagers struggle with low self-esteem, and it's common for teenagers to mistype due to the aforementioned lack of self-awareness (and awareness of other people to compare themselves to) along with the noticeable suppression of their inferior function as they move through the developmental stage of integrating their ignoring function.  A teenage INTP will express more Te than is typical, a teenage ESFP more Si, and so on.  This usually balances out in the early twenties or so, which is why a lot of people see their tested types "change" during this time.  They've always been the same type, but with an increase in self-awareness and maturity, tests become marginally more accurate.  The best way to type yourself, of course, is to seek the aid of an experienced typologist and/or do a lot of research and figure it out on your own, not through a test, although they can sometimes be useful as a jumping-off point.I actually was going to say ESTP before I saw your flair.

ESTP is better at noticing physical gestures.  ENFJ is probably better at mimicking them, however, because we're more easily able to "get into the mindset" of the person and thus do it more 'naturally', as a response to thinking and feeling like the other person would.

That said, I don't think I've ever mistyped an ESTP or ENFJ actor just because they were playing a character of a different type.  Jennifer Lawrence does quite a good job as an ENTJ (Silver Linings Playbook), ESTJ(? I think, Winter's Bone, it's been a while though), ISTP (Hunger Games), ISFJ (Joy), etc., but with the possible exception of Hunger Games it's always clear she's not the type she's portraying.  I can't recall an ESTP actor playing a character that wasn't ESTP (well, Angelina Jolie as ISTP Lara Croft counts I guess, she did well) so that may be telling it itself, but it's hard to judge.  It's difficult to say whether this is a result of type or just the actors' lack of knowledge about typology.  I get the sense that if I could give Jennifer Lawrence or Kristen Bell lessons about typology they could definitely up their game (call me!)

Interestingly, the type I've found to be the greatest 'chameleons' as actors are ENFPs.  Tatiana Maslany convincingly plays an ESTJ and an ENTP, and her ISTP, ESTP, ENTJ, and ESFP are close enough to rarely break immersion, which is genuinely impressive.  Daniel Radcliffe is quite good as an ISFP, although I wouldn't say his acting is good in general - he seems like an ISFP actor who's not very good, basically.  Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ariel Winter, Tina Fey all play fairly convincing Thinkers.  Rachel Maddow is able to convincingly pretend to be a human being, and so on.&gt; Is Tina Fey really ENFP?

She is!  She fools a lot of people.  She is definitely more tranquil than average.  May be related to subtype.

&gt; Amy Poehler

ENTP, in case you didn't knowYou may be interested in [this video](https://junglove.net/function-development-when-how/) I made about function development.  Before watching that, though, make sure you understand the eight function positions.  Fortunately I have [an article](https://junglove.net/function-position/) on that as well. :)&gt; Are some of these things more optional than others?

Absolutely.  The majority of these describe trends and patterns, not absolutes.  Things like posture and eyes are very useful and predictable, whereas aesthetic or habits can change depending on circumstances.  Just think about things that you can train yourself to do - the easier it is to change about yourself, the more likely you are to see variation in the population.

&gt; How usable is this system with fictional characters played by actors with different types than the characters they play?

I'm sorry, I'm not sure I understand the question.

&gt; There seems to be a pretty even split of people typing Don Draper as an INTJ and an ISTP.

He's INTJ.

&gt; Do you have a different process for typing characters vs real people?

Yes.  All people have a type, so I can study an individual in multiple interviews and repeatedly over many months until their type becomes clear to me, if it's someone I'm struggling with.  I specifically like to return to people I'm struggling with because it indicates to me that they'll be a useful baseline in broadening my understanding of how certain types are, once I type them for sure.

With characters, because there are many characters that don't really have a strong type or a type that makes sense, it's the other way around.  I only type them if it's very obvious and jumps out at me.  If it's indistinct or unclear, I just don't type them.

&gt; Does the way you decide on types for real people ever get in the way of typing fictional characters?

I wouldn't say it gets in the way, but it influences it for sure.  A much larger proportion of characters than one might expect is the same type as the actor who plays them.  It's very difficult to act like a different type, and most actors don't even try.  Sometimes this leads to characters that just don't have a type, because the actor is obviously acting like an, I dunno, ESTP, for instance, but the character is making all these Fi choices.  I mean I suppose you could analyze the character separate from the actor who plays them, but I'm not really capable of doing that because so much of my typing is visual.  On the other hand, some of the greatest actors are able to clearly make the character a different type than themselves, with only a few tiny lapses in body language/expression etc, even to the extent that I can't type the actor just from watching the show.  I'm always impressed by that.  Matthew McConaughey (ENTJ) playing Rust (ISTP) in True Detective was an example of that.  Tatiana Maslany (ENFP) I got a hint of her type just because of *how* the tiny slip-ups manifest in each of the different character types she plays, but if I only saw her playing one or two of those characters I think it would have been really challenging for me to type her.

That's not the only thing that goes into a good actor, but I think it makes a huge difference in the immersion of a story. I edited the hard gestures one to better explain what I was trying to say.  The post took over four hours to write so some of the descriptions I made toward the end needed a bit of work. \^\^;

But yes, something like gestures or smiling is going to show more variation because it's something we're able to consciously control.  So an ISTP that's involved in a very expressive culture or subculture is going to be more expressive than other ISTPs for instance.  Or even just the family they come from, or subtype, etc.  With typing, I generally look for all these little tells, and if they have, you know, 25 out of 30 for one type, and 2 or 3 out of 30 for the others, it's a pretty safe bet.I will definitely do an ISFP one in the near future!  Cuties!For sure, I have those in the pipeline!

ESFP dudes in particular can be very hard and intense.  ENFP guys can be very moody and sullen lol.  Even sporty and entrepreneurial type thing as well.  Should definitely be interesting.

(Personally I don't find ExFPs bubbly at all because demo Fe seems really artificial to me, but I understand how other people do.)That should be fun!

Damn I should contract some ESTPs to help me write these posts though, y'all are really good at identifying traits of types.  Let me know if you ever have anything to add!I actually have [a video](https://youtu.be/rGvt98VcyZE) on that topic... :)In my experience, learning style (or at least, "student" style) is a lot more correlated with temperament (E/I + P/J) than type.  Meaning, as a teacher, I only have to adjust my teaching style a bit between ESFP and ENFP, but I have to do a totally different approach depending on whether I'm teaching an ESFP or an ISFP, or an ESFP vs. an ESFJ.  I'm talking about the kinds of assignments I give, the order I explain things in, whether I talk or ask questions more, whether we do more group work or individual work, etc.

The second most important aspect is process versus result.  It sounds self-evident, but it makes a lot more sense for me to correct the *output* of a result type, and the *form* or *habits* of a process type.

What I do notice as the difference between Sensors and Intuitives is the kind of language I use in explaining as well as the examples I give.  For Sensors it's a lot more useful to relate a new topic back to a story we read together, for instance, or something that we experienced or are experiencing in real life.  "Remember the article about cholera, the doctor who had to choose who to give the medicine to?  That's an example of a dilemma."  Whereas for Intuitives, it's more useful to invent an example or make a metaphor that uses the simplest structure possible.  "A dilemma is like...you know, should I study or sleep before the test?"  Intuitives more quickly and accurately grasp the meaning of something when they don't have to parse through the details or context as much.  Sensors grasp the meaning more easily when the details are more fleshed out and relevant to the idea rather than something off-the-cuff and kind of fuzzy.Y'all would shine.

*take me with you*okay i promise i'll do my bestI haven't unfortunately!It may be better to think of it as 'guiding' or aligning their interests rather than being passive aggressive.  We're not talking silent treatment or putting salt in someone's coffee, after all.  Rather, giving incentives so that they *want* to do the thing you want them to do, rather than forcing them into it.

ISTJs don't have Ni so they're not going to notice subtle nudges very easily.  This can be both a benefit and a hindrance.  On the one hand, it's relatively simple (for me at least) to convince them to give something a shot, or do something in a particular way.  On the other hand, you need to be clear with what it is you actually want in order for them to do it.  They're not going to play guessing games with you (true for all xSxJs).  So you have to find a way to make it clear what you want, without being pushy or emotional about it.  Just mention it frequently, and bring backup - studies, articles, and the like.Hey there, thank you for your response.  You've included a lot of interesting information here.  Unfortunately, typing people accurately through text is simply not a reliable method.  In order to tell you for sure, I would need to see a video of you speaking.

I do offer a professional typing service, so if that's something you'd be interested in, please feel free to PM me.  Otherwise, you may want to try recording a video and submitting it to r/jungiantypology.  You could include a link to this post as well, to provide some extra detail.  Regardless of which method you choose, once you've gotten a verified type, what you've written here will provide valuable information both for explaining the nuances between types as well as serving as a source of further research and study.

Best of luck!Thanks for asking! :D  I don't have most of these people typed yet so I'm just going off first impressions.  Sometimes I can get a type very fast, but most of the time I need about 10 minutes or so with someone to be sure, so if there are one or two that you're particularly interested, let me know and I'll give them a closer look.

* Not sure about Michael Emerson.  May be right.  I struggle to see him as anything other than his Lost character lol.  On first impression ISTJ seems more likely.
* Alan Rickman's right, he's INTJ.
* Rooney Mara's INFJ.
* CelebrityTypes says Tilda Swinton's INFJ.  I can't get a solid read on her in the moment but that seems more likely to be true to me, or even INxP.  ETA: And now I can't stop seeing ISFP.  Would need to spend more time with her.
* Enrico definitely is not INFJ.  First impression is ESFJ.
* Naveen Andrews does strike me as xNFJ.  I would not be surprised if he's INFJ.
* Lucy Liu is definitely not INFJ.  Her voice and laugh are very Te.  CelebrityTypes says ESTJ and I find that to be reasonable, but I can't confirm.
* Kelli Williams is INTJ.  Knew right away.  She does the INTJ 😬 thing with her mouth.Haha, fortunately, those are the ones I'm sure about.They stretch the corners of their lips horizontally so you can see many of their top teeth.  Also, they tend to clench their teeth together, even when speaking, so this often results in being able to see both their upper and lower teeth, like the emoji.

Some examples:

* [1](https://everipedia-storage.s3-accelerate.amazonaws.com/ProfilePics/6666613449599627250.gif)
* [2](http://screenrant.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/Carrie-Coon-Fargo-Season-3.jpg)
* [3](https://media.giphy.com/media/n2dgaRFYPG2wo/giphy.gif)
* [4](http://static4.businessinsider.com/image/58b86f9fe46c158e028b4a6f-1190-625/lorde-has-finally-released-her-long-awaited-new-song-green-light.jpg)
* [5](https://images-production.global.ssl.fastly.net/uploads/posts/image/69927/dinah-jane.jpg)
* [6](http://static6.businessinsider.com/image/533c7ab36bb3f75950b5b88f-1200/tesla-ceo-elon-musk-demands-that-people-be-super-prepared.jpg)
* [7](https://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/until-dawn/images/8/89/EllaCast.png/revision/latest?cb=20160925161503)
* [8](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/dcdXNXBBLhA/maxresdefault.jpg)

etc. etc.

Showing both rows of teeth like that is a Te thing in general so you'll see it on most xxTJ's, but what distinguishes INTJs from others is the 
pulling the corners of the mouth straight back but keeping the lips fairly close together.  For ISTJs the corners are usually [relaxed](https://scontent-sjc2-1.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/s640x640/sh0.08/e35/c107.0.865.865/18513093_1832607550394514_3981568776565948416_n.jpg) or [upturned/smiling](http://68.media.tumblr.com/1175daf6e2078b22b4d9673e2e904567/tumblr_nogj9regvq1stlaw6o6_250.gif) if they bother to open their mouth so their upper teeth are more visible than their lower teeth, and for ExTJs they're usually either [smiling very wide](http://cdn4.teen.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/tati-westbrook-gif.gif) or [laughing very wide](http://www.sharegif.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/burnlaughadelelaugh-gif.gif) or [talking very wide](https://media.giphy.com/media/l46Cvfeb7emx3yGk0/giphy.gif) so you get a lot of teeth for that reason.It's how Te people talk and laugh lol.  For women it generally involves speaking in either a much higher or much lower pitch than average, speaking loudly in general, loud cackling abrupt laughs.  Men are generally more subdued but have brief bursts of such laughter or booming voices, and almost always have a neutral or lower pitch than average.  It depends on subtype as well - Dominant or Creative subtype are more likely to be loud in this way.  Also ESTJ is usually louder than ENTJ but there are exceptions.

I'm using "loud" as a catch-all for this kind of...high-pitched, clear, cackling, booming effect.  Other types (e.g. ENFPs) can be just as loud in terms of like decibels, but it has a different effect on the listener.

C.f. Hillary Clinton, Adele, [Pixiwoo](https://youtu.be/aOz43gFeDNc), or the [ESTJs](https://junglove.net/category/estj/) and [ENTJs](https://junglove.net/category/entj/) I've typed on my site.

Sorry I can't give more examples now but I promise I will elaborate more in one of my [How to Spot series](https://junglove.net/category/how-to-spot/) for each type. :)

ETA:

As far as *how* I came to the conclusion - like how did I know it was Te? - it's because Fe doms naturally sort people into categories/types.  Once you learn typology it's just a matter of mapping the traits you've already identified with the appropriate categories according to the theory.  "Loud boomy laughers" was already a category of people in my mind, and it turns out that it also correlates well with "no nonsense get-stuff-done-ers" and "bossy pointy people" and "when their eyes tear up it looks like they're panicking inside people", etc.  No members of a type have all of the traits associated with that type, and some traits are associated with more than one type, so it takes practice and experience to apply these natural Fe categories to typology.  Over time I've started to notice subtler categories associated with type that I hadn't before, which is usually what's happening when I start discussing specific postures, muscle movements, language idiosyncrasies, etc.I can only speculate, and I bet you'd be better at that than me.

For example, one could pose the question, "What does size have to do with a species' DNA?  Why does being a blue whale mean you're going to be so much bigger than every other whale?"  It's a great question, and one I would very much like the answer to, but until we can sequence the genome *and* identify the purpose of each gene, it's hard to point to the "extra big" gene.  And furthermore, even once we identify the correct gene, we'll only be able to speculate as to the evolutionary pressures that led to that evolving.

So it is with 😬 and Te.  How are they associated?  And is there a reason it developed like that?

My first thought is that they "don't know how to smile properly", but then I realized that I'm just defining 'properly' as 'Fe' lol.

I'll turn it over to you - why do you think it might be?Oh yeah, it makes a big difference.  Part of the issue with Botox, for example, is that the people who need it (expressive people - mainly Fe - have more wrinkles) and the people who want it (Fe, Se want to be considered attractive and seem young as they age) are the ones who look strangest and most unnatural when they do it (because it paralyzes muscle in their face).  So if you see an ESFP or ExFJ with Botox, something seems very "off" about them in video because you notice that their personality isn't syncing with their facial expressions, but in photos they look just fine - and they probably would look just fine too if they were a naturally less expressive type, but then of course they'd be less likely to need Botox in the first place!

Lip fillers and stuff can make a difference too, but about to the extent natural features can.  For instance I was looking at pictures of Charli XCX to include in my INTJ grimace collection, but she has [very full lips](http://vegasseven.com/files/2016/10/Charli-XCX-at-DLVEC-10.21.jpg), especially her lower lip, which kind of obscure her grimace somewhat.  I don't know if they're natural or injected, but regardless, it's little variations like that which mean you can't rely on only one or two traits to identify someone, you have to do it holistically and look for patterns and correlations.

Over time you start building up smaller mental categories of like, "ESFPs who've had a lot of plastic surgery" or, you know, "INFJs who wear heavy goth makeup", and even categories like "old ISFJs" and "black INFPs" and "British ENTPs", that fit into the larger category that contains their type as a whole.💋😘!I'm glad to hear it was accurate!  I think it's definitely possible that personality is linked to genetics, perhaps by various binary combinations of gene expression, but I don't think that's responsible for much, if any, of the common physical characteristics  of the types.

Squinting eyes, for instance, is due to the contracting and relaxing of the various muscles around the eyes.  So it doesn't (necessarily) have anything to do with someone's simple physical appearance.  Rather it's about what muscles get activated.  It seems to me that any of these explanations could be possible:

1. certain muscles might be directly connected to certain cognitive functions - e.g. if you Ti, it sends an electrical impulse to a particular muscle as well, maybe because they're physically adjacent in the brain for instance.  I think there might be a lot of "accidental" correlations like this
2. the cognitive functions cause people to *do* something that requires certain muscles to activate.  For instance I've noticed that all types tighten and raise their lower eyelid when they're trying to think of something or figure something out - maybe it's a natural human instinct to close the eyes off and keep visual input from distracting the person? - but I generally associate that movement with Ni.  Now that could mean that we raise that eyelid when Ni-ing (all types do use Ni to some degree or another, after all), but it could also mean that Ni is vague and ambiguous as a function so that as a *consequence* of that vagueness, people who use a lot of Ni have to spend a lot of time trying to figure things out, which activates those muscles.  I find this explanation the most convincing, but unfortunately it's very speculative and difficult to study, much as the evolutionary pressures for given traits in a species are.
3. whatever caused someone to particular cognitive preferences in the first place - genetics, fetal environment, etc. - also independently affected their physical preferences, and it just so happens that the cause for one is predictably the cause for the other.  I find this unlikely but it's possible I suppose.

Over time, of course, repeated use of a muscle - not to mention things like diet, exercise, habits, posture, occupation etc. - obviously has an impact on our bodies  So if you spend a lot of time smiling, you'll develop a particular kind of wrinkle.  Or if you often forget to eat, you'll be thinner than someone who often forgets to stop eating.  For this reason, although I don't think physical appearance is necessarily *directly* caused by type, I think it can be drastically altered by it.

I'm not ruling out that there might be a direct genetic causation between type and physical appearance - for instance, we know of many disorders like Down's Syndrome that affect both people's physical appearance as well as their personality - but I definitely don't think it's responsible for all of it.  A big reason I say that as well is that physical appearance is strongly correlated with ethnicity and geographical origin, but type doesn't seem to be - type seems to be fairly evenly dispersed across cultures.  So if type is linked to genetics, it has to be some kind of random gene activation, which we know physical appearance (at least many aspects of it) is not.&gt; If you only go off first impressions, you're gonna mistype most INFJs as other things and vice-versa. INFJs don't look like INFJs.

Tautologically, they do.  The issue is that as we build up our library of traits that correspond with certain types, there are going to be gaps - certain people or types that seem blank, vague, or fuzzy.  I notice that I often have those gaps around ENFJs, though it's getting better, so it's possible that it's more difficult for some people to recognize their own types.

For xNFJs to get fast and accurate at typing, it's really important to have a large mental database of *accurately* typed people.  This can be challenging with so much misinformation out there, and it can throw off your vibes - pretty severely, actually.  For example Kelli Williams probably seems Fe to you because Fe has been attached in your mind to some other trait - Ni, for example.

I think you show a lot of promise, but still have some calibrating to do.  You might be interested in practicing through [my site](http://junglove.net/) - try to type the people first, then check the type.  Spend time with each person and look for signs in body language, expressions, etc.  You might also enjoy my [how to spot...](https://junglove.net/category/how-to-spot/) series, which I'm always expanding.

Other than me, one of the most accurate typers is [Celebrity Types](http://www.celebritytypes.com/personality-tests.php), who's INFJ like you.  I don't agree with every type, but he's right often enough to wholeheartedly recommend imo.INFPs are the most likely to be SJWs, along with ENFPs (which OP strikes me as, but of course I can't type someone without video).  Plenty of xxFJs in there as well.  I discuss it in [this video](https://junglove.net/why-are-sjws-often-considered-unattractive/) along with a functional breakdown of the reasons.

&gt; Most INFPs believe the world would be such a better place if we all got along and stop fighting over everything. To them, no one's right and no one's wrong, we all have opinions and they are not facts. 

This is an INFJ or possibly an ENFP.  INFPs are J-doms and J-doms always have strong ideas of what's right and what's wrong, they just become more nuanced as they mature.

However:

&gt; NFPs have inferior Te and PoLR Se meaning that INFPs are often seen as non-confrontational and sort of passive-aggressive meaning they don't like to control other people's way of thinking, they have a "live and let live" attitude about themselves, since they lack Se and prefer Si (even though it is their tertiary). they are most likely pacifistic meaning they are least likely to ever resort of violence

This is true, INFPs are definitely passive-aggressive and unlikely to ever be violent.  INFPs are not antifa, for the most part, at least not the ones actually physically confronting the right wing (they may be antifa online, at meetings, filming at the edges of the conflict, etc.).  The active "fighters" are mostly ENFP and possibly xSTP, ENFJ, maybe even some xSFJ.  However writing mean things on Tumblr and policing other people's language is not the same thing as being violent, and though many INFPs (and ostensibly ENFPs, though in practice it's another story) don't like the idea of trying to control people's way of thinking, Fi as a function is correlated with the concept of power, specifically in terms of coercing others into adopting your world view *or* causing them to believe you have power.  They don't care if you don't agree with them, as long as you believe they have power and sway in society.  They don't want to convert (people they see as) Nazis.  They want Nazis to feel powerless.

The majority of Trump supporters are ENTP and xSTPs, btw, but there are plenty of xNFPs and xNFJs in there as well.

The issue with this post is that it is xNFP logic - it starts with a conclusion, and then tries to build a case for it, rather than starting with a blank slate and following where the evidence takes it.  So I could disagree with several points, but several more will pop up in their place, like whack-a-mole, if OP isn't willing to reconsider their conclusion.  Yes, that is what I think.

Well, the first part anyway.  I'm not sure whether or not it defends the inferior.Ahhh, I made a post about it somewhere but I have no idea how to find it.  It was on r/wayofthebern if that helps.  It boils down to valued Fe-Ti and Se (for the latter two).No, not at all.  It's very clear to me that you're not an SJW.  You seem to be an anti-SJW, right?  Also, you're likely ENFP, although it's not reliable to type people from text.  There are plenty of ENFPs (and some INFPs too) that are anti-SJW so you definitely would not be alone.

I have absolutely nothing against you and I really hope I didn't come off mean!  I was just asked what I thought about the topic (by someone who asks me a LOT of questions, so I try to answer as quickly as I can and maybe could have phrased some things in a more careful way!)He's ISTJ.  Not trolling or joking in any way.  He's actually just adorable like that.Oops, it was a comment, not a post.

But, I also have plenty of link posts at least on there.oh god you're right :3

I just like people!Yes, this is a perfect explanation.You've gotten some great examples already.

Generally Ti tries to give solutions to problems whereas Fi tries to empower the person to find their own way by making them feel heard and validated.

I've had several xNFP therapists, and while many of them were very kind people, I found that style completely useless.  I basically just paid someone a lot of money to sit for an hour and listen to me cry.  I usually felt a little better in the hours following the session, but I didn't make any real progress in solving my problems.  The INFP style works a lot better for people who value Fi, especially xxTJs.  They often just need to actually connect with and understand their feelings, and then once they feel empowered they know how to solve their bigger problems on their own.  America is an ESTJ culture so that's why that whole 'listen, nod, hand over a tissue, how does that make you feel?' approach is so common there.

My issue was never that I couldn't connect with my feelings, though.  It was that I didn't know how to move past them.  I didn't know what to actually *do* to fix my problems, so I just kept making the same mistakes over and over again and feeling the same feelings in a cascading way.  And I had erroneous beliefs borne out of misunderstandings about myself and others.  I needed someone to *fix/correct* me, not validate me - which in some ways made the problems worse.

My INTP and ISTJ therapists were the ones who really helped me.  The former, by explaining theories of interpersonal dynamics and psychology to help me finally move past a breakup.  The latter, by accurately diagnosing my issue as social anxiety and not simply depression, and giving me concrete steps to follow to treat it.

For the record, I think many INFPs could be quite good at this style of therapy, as well, if they were trained in it.  There's an element that's related to rational/irrational (whether the dominant function is judging or perceiving) and not just Fi/Ti.  They would need to learn from people/resources with strong Ti, though, and they might struggle with more difficult cases that needed this approach.❤ gentle sweet creaturesYou're probably talking about Fi.

ENTPs have Fi, but it's weak and unvalued and they suck at it and also it hurts a lot.  They're not hiding it from you - they can't even see it themselves.I think about this all the time!

Me (ENFJ) + my husband (INTP)

I want four children, two girl and two boys.  I think we could do pretty good with any type but I worry a bit about supervision or benefit relations.

If I can only determine one, I guess I want an ISTP girl.  My second pick would be an ENTJ girl.🍰 okay no feelings only cake and booze 🍾INTPs make excellent therapists.

I was trying to figure out who would be a good therapist to xxTPs and came up blank.  Fe maybe?  But your reasoning for Fi sounds good too - well, and maybe it's also yours's demo Fe.  After all my ISTJ therapist helped me a lot.😡

🛌

🙌🏾

🤷🏻‍♀️

\#justFithingsGOOD question.

You might be interested in learning about function activation and supervision.

You'll get really good responses to this if you ask the question in r/jungiantypology.

First of all it's important to remember that we all use all eight functions, but only four of them are valued.  You may be interested in my [function position](https://junglove.net/function-position/) post on this for more info.

I don't know all the info offhand, but for instance, for an ENFP I know that Te activates Ne, which activates Fe, which activates Se, which in turn activates Te.  Similarly, Fi activates Si, which activates Ti, which activates Ni.  This order of operations is true for all result types (ENFP, ESTP, INTP, ISFP, ENTJ, ESFJ, INFJ, ISFJ).  For process types, activation proceeds in the opposite direction.  It's easy to remember just that your tertiary function activates your dominant.

As far as supervision goes, your dominant supervises your auxiliary.  You can think of it in terms of constraint, editing, selection, etc.  I don't know the order for supervision off the top of my head unfortunately!I'd say Ji-dom in general.  Fi will give more specific answers to questions about personal preferences; Ti to technical questions.  But in general IxxPs are not very prone to talking about themselves, especially in response to a question.

IxxJs are more likely to give specific answers because they very rarely offer unsolicited info so it's kind of their chance to shine, if you will.It's common not to get along with people of your same type.  We tend to either look down on them or idealize them - because they share the same struggles as we do, but are further along in development in some aspects and further behind in others.

Also because you fill the same social role, conversation can be awkward.  Only one sensitive depressed person at a time pls ;)

Also keep in mind most reddit MBTIers, especially in the type subs, are teenagers.  Teenagers are depressed and edgy af by nature.I'm an Fe dom.  What else am I supposed to think about?It can be both at the same time.  To produce new information, a function has to use both of its attitudes.

Te is about understanding and describing the state of an object (or a system or a concept), whereas Ti is about understanding the relationship between objects (or systems or concepts).  

Te can identify and categorize a problem when it has fundamental information about how an object or system is supposed to function.  For example, using a carefully-constructed questionnaire that's been shown to have high statistical accuracy to determine whether a patient has clinical depression, or prescribing a particular medicine that's indicated for that disorder, or even applying given therapy techniques.

Ti, on the other hand. investigates root causes and underlying mechanisms.  It finds the flaw in a system and corrects it.  It's a subjective function so it doesn't carry information about objects in itself, but rather it judges them in relation to one another.

So let's give an example of Te and Ti working together.  Let's say I'm a therapist and a little girl comes into my office.  She has bruises all over her body and she says she did them to herself.  At this point, using Ti, I know that one of two things is true - either she's telling the truth, in which case she has some kind of self-harm disorder, or else she's lying, in which case someone is abusing her and forcing her to lie.  (Of course there are other hypothetical explanations too but let's just simplify it to these two.)  Ti tells you that one of these cases is true, but it can't tell you which one it is.  For that, you need objective evidence - video tape, or a lie detector test, or a clinical questionnaire, whatever the case may be.  So you need Te in order to identify the actual problem.  To find a solution, you could go either way, and what the therapist chooses will depend on their valued functions.

However, using Ti to *discover* a solution to a problem does not necessarily require Te.  It can rely on Fe as well.  This is predicated on the assumption that the patient is providing trustworthy information.  So for example, if I present to a Ti-dom therapist with a relationship problem, he doesn't need to mentally flip through his catalog of known relationship problems, match the one that fits my situation best, and apply the best practice treatment for that problem, the way someone with valued Te might do it.  Rather, he listens to my specific situation, identifies the particular issue that's troubling me, and identifies and corrects the source of that particular problem.  It's a targeted approach rather than a broad one.  It wouldn't work if I were untrustworthy or unaware of important factors - those would require Te to identify - but in these cases what's lacking for me as a patient with weak Ti is the ability to dissect the situation to its constituent parts and identify the one that's the source of the problem.  xNFPs are even worse at this than I am and this is why they're not that useful for me as therapists.Right, because we all know psychology has nothing to do with family dynamics...That's true, there is a difference between Te and Ti.

Need both to make the world go 'round, though. ❤

I have no doubt that I'll have a great relationship with my kids no matter what their type (at least I hope so, anyway!).  I just mean that I think certain relations might bring a few extra challenges, that's all.You're welcome!  Thank you for the interesting discussion. 😊I was referring to vulnerable Fi :)Socionics identified it first, yeah.  The vulnerable is essentially your weakest function.  Unvalued, weak, and 1D (can only learn through trial-and-error).Thank you so much!  I'm glad you liked it. :)ESFJ[Here you go](https://www.reddit.com/r/JungianTypology/comments/5bcopn/the_four_vulnerable_functions/)In this case, you're also talking about your ignoring Ni (which is activated by your vulnerable Fi).  To oversimplify, you could think of the Fi as "what do I feel?" and the Ni as "why do I feel like that? what does it mean?"

Whenever you get stuck in "why" trains of thought, it's likely because your Ni isn't getting enough information, so it gets stuck and never moves forward to Ti.  So in that case, seemingly paradoxically, what you need is to give Ni more information - you need to activate your Fi however you can.  This may be why traditional American-style INFP therapy actually does well for some ENTPs.  But you have other options too, like journaling or talking to a friend or art or music...just anything that lets you engage with your feelings.  It'll be uncomfortable at first, but then it'll get you unstuck and you'll know what you have to do.ISFP :)Aww thank you! 😘I do [video typing](https://junglove.net/memberships/) for members of my site.  Sometimes you can tell through a picture, but it's not as consistent and needs to be verified through video.Visual typing is mainly Fe.  Fe naturally categorizes people into groups based on things like mannerisms and demeanor.  The trick is learning how to consistently and reliably match these innate categories with typological theory, so it does take some training and experience to master.I have arrived. 💖Yeah she's ISTJ.You don't generally repress your inferior function.Can you link some videos please?  Preferably interviews.Probably ESTP.  I'd need to see a video with his eyes showing to be more sure.Jim Carrey is ENFP.Everything you mention is very common in ENFJs, but I cannot rule out other ExxJs from your description.It's a good question.

Yes, in a sense, but it's not a conscious/attentive process like you describe, more of an automatic one.

For me, typing someone starts by just watching them and judging my reaction.  Usually in the beginning I'm leaning to one thing or another and ruling out other types.  Sometimes I get stuck between two or three options.  Sometimes I just can't get a read at all.  For these people, I put them on the back burner and revisit them in a month or so.

Most of the time, however, I either instantly or within a few minutes feels a "click" inside me, like an "a-ha!" moment.  For these, I am *sure* of their type - as sure as I can be, anyway.  I have never changed my mind about someone I felt a "click" on, except for the singer Mandy Lee, who I had only seen through pictures and felt *sure* she was ISTJ.  Then I saw her in video and discovered she was ENFP and my whole world was turned upside down lol.  That caused a lot of shifts in my mind, especially making it so that I never trust a still photo again lol.  But yeah, she's the only "click" I ever changed my mind on, and I have a list of hundreds of people that I've typed.  I have, however, changed my mind on people I was leaning toward one type or another, and I have them in my list as "ENFP?" for example lol.  I always revisit them later to see if I can get a click before I upload them to [my site](http://junglove.net).  Usually it ends up being right but maybe 1/4 of the time it's off and I have to change it.  But my mind doesn't use these people as the "source" of another person's type, if that makes sense.

Sometimes something weird happens in that I have a collection of people that I can't place into a type - situations where I connect a new person to another person I still haven't gotten a click on.  Aubrey Plaza and Selma Blair, and *possibly* Pamela Adlon as well, are the same type, but I just cannot put my finger on *which* one.  I've been leaning toward ESTP but there is absolutely no click there.  So if I eventually can end up getting one of them, the rest of them will fall in like dominos too.Functions don't work like that, in isolation.  All types use all eight functions.  Any mature xxFP values others' opinions to some extent, and that can be attached to any of their judging functions depending on the reason they do.Generally Si is associated with episodic and procedural memory and Ni with conceptual/associational memory.  With vulnerable Si, I have almost no direct memory of most events, but a strong association between places I've visited and abstract concepts.  For instance whenever someone mentions the concept of like, lineage, in relation to a monarchy, I see one particular alcove in Westminster Abbey, whenever I discuss bra fitting it's like I'm standing on the street where I learned to ride a bike, and whenever someone mentions World War III I'm in the front yard of my sister's old house.  The rationales behind some of the abstract associations are clearer than others lol.

&gt; Behaviors, emotional responses, memory, and pursuits of sensual pleasure have no place whatsoever on MBTI.

This is not true, assuming you're referring to Jungian typology as a whole and not just MBTI.  MBTI itself is like babby's first typology field.  The fact that many people get the explanations wrong doesn't diminish the fact that there are real correlations and associations.  Many behavioral descriptions have robust research to support them.&gt; And if we use all 8, does our mbti type refer to the one's we "default" to?

Our type refers the [position](https://junglove.net/function-position/) of all eight functions.  The four that we commonly associate with a type are the valued functions.This article is the result of over a month of work, including some of my own original research.  I hope you guys enjoy!I love Laci and you/she got her type for sure.  Chris is ENTP however.Thank you so much! :3  It was hard but rewarding.  Hopefully should be easier from here on out.&gt; to me it seems like you mistype people all the time, which is strange to me

Is there no part of you that wonders whether your weak extraverted people-judging function might make it more difficult to accurately place people in their appropriate category? 🤔

Anyway, aside from that, thank you very much for your kind words. :)You're either aristocratic or ISFP, but not both.Hmm.  Yes, to me this strikes me more as aristocratic, but I can't be 100% sure.  Pinging u/doctormolotov to weigh in if he gets the chance.Yup, this is exactly true.  It takes a while to develop a visual typing system/mental map that holds up from multiple directions.  I've had to make a lot of adjustments in my thinking over the years and I'm sure there are still plenty of areas left to grow and shift.  (So hard to admit!)I hope you don't mind if I answer.

It's not reliable to type via text but my gut impression for you is ENFP.  But I wouldn't rule out ESTP.Best nickname ever 😂😘It's between you and me :PIt's so weird when xSxPs try to act Ne for views lololBoth PoLR and inferior are 1D functions, which mean they can only learn through direct experience.  However, PoLR is a mental function, which means it can be consciously shut on and off, as opposed to a vital function like the inferior where its use or suppression is largely unconsciously controlled.  Rather than conceptualize one as stronger than the other, it's better to think of the inferior as more likely to be *right* and the PoLR as less likely to be *wrong*.  INFJs use Te less than INFPs do, but when they do use it, they often use it better, or at least less obviously poorly.

That said, none of that relates to what you said, because Te is not about planning or goals.  Te is about seeing and categorizing the state of objects, impersonal information, and non-human systems.  Examples of tasks that use Te:

* labelling the components of [this actuator](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/85/Landing_gear_schematic.svg/300px-Landing_gear_schematic.svg.png) and knowing what their purpose is and whether they're performing that purpose correctly
* monitoring the progression of [a bill to law](https://www.acr.org/~/media/ACR/Images/Advocacy/Federal-Relations/billdiagram.jpg) and understanding what's taking place during each stage
* monitoring the air quality, temperature, and exposure to light, and undertaking the proper procedures and paperwork necessary in [museum preservation efforts](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/31/27/a6/3127a6f3cb3d335a1a148e350b561084.jpg)
* [making spreadsheets](https://i.stack.imgur.com/tZ3if.png)
* testing a patient and determining whether they have schizophrenia according to the [standards in the DSM](https://m2.healio.com/~/media/journals/psycann/2011/5_may/10_3928_00485713_20110425_08/table3.jpg) (psychological disorders manual)

My examples are probably shit and babby's first Te because my Te is shit, so if a strong Te type wants to add some more complex and interesting examples, I would greatly appreciate it.

Of course, any type can do any of these things because all types have Te, but it's a question of the speed with which they can acquire new knowledge, whether they instinctively know what to do without being explicitly told, how often they make mistakes, the variety of Te fields in which they're able to competently operate, whether they predict problems before they arise, whether they're able to effectively optimize the systems, whether they see value in putting forth effort toward improving their performance, how effectively they can train others or help them navigate the systems, etc.  These things all vary depending on the position of the function in a person's stack, among other factors.

"Planning their lives" is a vague term but is mostly related to the rational vs. irrational and strategic vs. tactical dichotomies.  Rational types (ExxJ &amp; IxxP) have a dominant judging function, while irrational types (ExxP &amp; IxxJ) have a dominant perceiving function, so rational types are more likely to be "planners" because they make more proactive decisions.  Strategic types (ENxJ, ESxP, INxP, &amp; ISxJ) prefer to think about and work toward specific long-term goals, whereas tactical types (ENxP, ESxJ, INxJ, &amp; ISxP) prefer to think about their next move and are more flexible on long-term goals.  For this reason strategic types could also be seen to plan their lives more.  So to combine the two, the types most likely to "plan their lives and strive toward their goals" would be ENFJ, ENTJ, INFP, and INTP, and the types least likely to do so would be ENFP, ENTP, INFJ, and INTJ.  However there are a lot of other factors to consider.  Extravert/introvert makes a difference in how much a person interacts with the environment, so an ENFP may seem more *active* than an INFP, and some people may interpret that as trying more or reaching for their goals more, even though the INFP is more likely to have a goal in mind and be silently working toward it in a less obvious way.  Static/dynamic (xxxP vs. xxxJ) deals with whether a type's strong judging function is extraverted or introverted, which can make a difference in terms of how likely their *goals and actions themselves* are to be visible to other people - someone might set and achieve an Fi goal without anyone else ever perceiving it, for instance, whereas the same cannot be said for Fe.

Before questioning the theory that people have been working on for decades, I suggest first questioning your own understanding of it.  I hope this has clarified things a bit for you.Oh nice!

I have several of them actually.  [Jeannie](https://junglove.net/jeannie-elise-mai/) is even on my site.

I have lots in my list but they're not all verified, so I'll denote the ones I still haven't officially decided with a '?' (and am open to hearing suggestions on them):

* Bill - ISTJ?
* Brandon - ENTP?
* Brianna - ISFJ
* Chad - ESFJ?
* Dionte - ISFP?
* Holgie - ISFP?
* Jen D. - ENTP?
* Jennifer - ENFP?
* Jim - ENTJ
* Jordan - INFP?
* Josie - ESFJ
* Kimberly - ENFP
* Labib - ESTP
* Malcolm - INFP?
* Marlhy - ISTJ/INFP?
* Madison - ESFJ
* Rock - ENFP?
* Shant - ESTP
* Tom - INTP? (my INTP husband strongly disagrees with this lol)
* Tori - ENFJ?
* Vanessa - ESTJ

Is there anyone I missed you're curious about?  Preferably with a link to a video where they appear.Fe is more likely to outwardly express emotion, period.  That said, strong Fi is more consciously aware of how it feels at any given moment, so Fe types - especially weak Fe types - often benefit from an external "anchor" on which to aim their emotional expression.  Also, strong Fe makes it easier to control emotional expression, so an ExFJ probably cries more overall than an IxFP, but may be able to choose to never do so in public, which an IxFP is less likely to be able to control.No, I don't think so, although I guess it depends on what you mean.  Either type can be cold and callous towards those they're judgmental of.  But I think Fe is more able to feel *bad* for someone even as they refuse to feel *sorry* for them, if that makes sense?  Like I can think someone's bad and deserves to suffer or deserves what's coming to them even as I can put myself in their shoes and feel sad about what they're going through.  I think that once Fi feels genuinely bad for someone it becomes harder to remain judgmental of them.

Keep in mind that all Feelers have both strong Fe and strong Fi, so to really see the difference you need to look at Thinkers.  xxTJs can look at the suffering of someone they dislike or feel neutral toward and feel little to nothing, whereas xxTPs are more likely to get emotionally affected by suffering regardless of who it is.  That said, xxTJs are more likely to be gentle toward someone who's obviously suffering even if they don't like them, whereas a xxTP might freak out and make things worse for them because of their own discomfort.  Neither is always the case of course.oh my godxxFJs.  Reading intentions is mostly Fe.  If they know the person well, xSFJs have an advantage.  For newer people, xNFJs do.  

Detecting whether something someone says is bullshit (evaluating the claim/idea, rather than the person) is more xxTP.  I'd imagine xxTJs are good at independently verifying someone's claims or credentials in terms of whether they really are who they say they are, for instance.  That's a longer-term prospect.  xxFPs are probably good at telling when people are lying to themselves or whether people are hypocritical, but that's less related to lying I suppose.  Just didn't want to leave them out. :)

You might be interested in the work of Paul Ekman, who I just [posted on my site](https://junglove.net/paul-ekman/).The good news is that you can develop your lower functions.  You're not condemned to repeat the mistakes and struggles of the past.

Every type has their own problems.  Things that you find easy are more difficult for an ISTJ.  It's all about going through our own journey and doing the best that we can.

I have a [video about function development](https://junglove.net/function-development-when-how/) if you're interested.Fe is more aware of *other* people's emotions.  Sometimes I don't consciously realize how I'm feeling until I happen to look in a mirror.Fe is also judging people's needs and interactions with the environment, in conjunction with the perceiving functions.  So packing a suitcase or organizing a fridge are Fe tasks.  So an ESFJ would be good at building a shelter, planning for their physical needs, making friends with the animals, etc.You're very welcome! :)

On first impression I think Morgan is INFP.

I recognize Rachel - she's really cool, but oh man she's hard for me!  Almost certainly ExxJ, but hard to narrow it down...best guess is ESTJ for now, but I'm really not sure.  I'll add them both to my list and come back later!Awww!  You're very welcome, I'm really happy I could help. :)Yup.  Weird, right?  Thanks, ignoring Fi.I considered it, and I'm not ruling it out, but I saw a lot more INFP "tells" than ENFP ones.  The only thing that makes me question is that she talks very fluidly and relaxed, which is not out of the question for some INFPs who are extraverted subtypes, but is of course much more common with ENFPs.  But yeah I'll definitely revisit her later and see if I can pick up some different clues.Oh!  I actually have him typed, for some reason when I ctrl-F'd "React" on my personality types list I missed a few at the top

* Adam - ENFP?
* Alberto - ESxP?
* Anna - ESFP
* Beau - ISFJ

ETA: Now watching this video I'm second-guessing myself about Morgan!  Ugh!  lolWell ISFPs mostly display Fi (dominant) and Si (demonstrative), and the same is true for ISFJs but with the positions reversed.  So that's why they can seem similar.

I mostly type by visual typing which can be really difficult to describe via text.  I'm writing a [How to Spot...](https://junglove.net/category/how-to-spot/) series but I don't have one for ISFJ yet unfortunately.

Part of what gives away ISFJ vs. ISFP is the stiffness and symmetricality of the body.  Both of them have strong Si, but only ISFJs value it, and they're also process types.  They're a lot more poised and refined, seem contained within themselves almost.&gt; Since psychopaths (or sociopaths) lack any F function

Why do you say that?

Anyway, no, I'm sure psychopaths can be typed, but you might have to adjust your parameters somewhat.xSTPs are also memelords; they invented the word "normie" lol💋yahhhhh

👍🏻 likeThese are all fantastic suggestions everyone!  I'll be adding them to my site in the future.  Keep 'em coming! :)Walt and Saul are right.

Skyler is ESTJ.  Mike is ISTJ.

Not sure about the rest.Here's a post about typology and board games.

I'd love to know your experience as well!  What is your type and what are your favorite and least favorite board games and why?I think I agree with you about Fluxx, I might take it off of rational types' recommendations...I do love it a lot, but more for sentimental reasons, I tired of it quite quickly.  But I think carefree rationals enjoy it much more than farsighted ones.  I'll have to try playing with an ENTJ and see what they think :)

I will keep adding and updating these lists as time goes on!  I'll pay attention to the future to people's reactions while playing games, for instance.I keep trying to figure out how to classify MTG but it really seems like almost all types like it!It's interesting because several INTJs have mentioned that they don't like chess, but y'all tend to be quite good at it (perhaps it's the dialectical-algorithmic cognitive style + strong Ti + tactical type?).  Second only to ISTPs in the professional/world champion circuit, as I understand it.

Anyway I enjoyed reading this comment.  My husband's INTJ father loves Catan too, so much so that everyone else in the family is super sick of it.  😂 I've only played once, a long time ago, so I'm hoping the others will relent and let us play a game sometime!Oh Resistance is fun!  Adding it!&gt; Diplomacy

My INTP husband loves that too!  He made me play an online version once...it was *okay*.  I haaate negotiation lol.This is incredible!  I'm picking it all apart, but as I go, do you know your type and/or the types of the people you play with?  That would be useful!

Manipulation is definitely an important factor.  As an Fe-dom it's kind of like the ocean I swim in, you know?  I don't consciously notice whether it's a factor most of the time.  But I did put 'negotiation' as Si - things like haggling, making deals, remembering what other players are doing, etc.  xSFJs are much better in real life at that than me as well ;_;Just guessing but I think the left is INFP and the right has a lot of Ni.  INFJ maybe?  ISTP's not a terrible guess either.

I need to see an interview with them talking or something.&gt; a specific porpoise

You're right, the original Harry Potter is very INFP.Yeah unfortunately a lot of the dichotomy descriptions are oversimplified.  It's a continuous project to improve them.

For asking it's more accurate to say that they prefer back-and-forth conversations rather than taking longer turns.  Still, as an IxxJ, INFJs (and ISTJs) are the least likely to be speaking at all, let alone interrupting others.  It's possible some declaring types might consider their "uh-huh"s and "yes"s as interruptions, though?&gt; Charlie from Charisma on Command

I don't know what this meansNo, I don't think so - I don't remember seeing him before.  My first impression is that he's ENTJ.I've found him challenging tbh.  Best guess has been ISFP.  I went in fully expecting him to be an extravert but he was very subdued on his Until Dawn playthrough.

Also this test is terrible.  "I accept things as they are"?  I think I could answer that question differently on a daily basis lol.Barring significant brain injury or something, Si-doms will have better episodic memory than other types.  Of course they can think intuitively and produce content, though.She's INFP.  Also Keirsey is not good at typology.I'll make a "How to Spot an INFP" post in the future.

What's your theory?Yup, you're right.  It's a 4D function - just as developed as their dominant.  Unvalued, though.Well, I suppose you could argue that good episodic memory is just the ability to recall facts and details about your own life, right?  The realm of Si is 1. concrete information (S), and 2. understanding how the world relates to the subject, and objects relate to each other (introverted).  So if you combine them, you can see how concrete past experiences that affected the individual would have more attention placed on them for individuals with strong Si, and I presume that the more attention and concentration we place on something, the easier it is to remember.

I would argue, of course, that Ni has just as good of a "memory", but for abstract rather than concrete information, which is generally not what our society associates with the term memory.Oh my god so cute!!  I hope you end up with your friend, regardless of their type. ;)  The fact that you have a crush actually makes ISTJ more likely, so that's something, I suppose lol.

I think it's common for pretty much any type to be quieter among strangers and more talkative among intimates, although that can take various forms (e.g. more talkative in terms of time talking, or frequency, or just more open about opinions, etc.)  My INFJ dad barely speaks to other people but in the last few years he's gotten *extremely* chatty with me, so being talkative with people you're close to isn't contrary to being IxxJ.  Being church mouse quiet in other contexts either points to introvert (especially IxxJ) or severe social anxiety.Although I agree it can be challenging, there are plenty of extravert YouTubers (especially in the beauty community, but in gaming as well).  I think the successful ones tend to see it more as a job than just a pastime, though.That's a good challenge!

Concrete refers to tangible, observable objects and events.  Both the state and characteristics of the objects themselves and the ability for the observer to manipulate and change them (Se) as well as the objects' impressions on the observer and interactions with each other (Si).  Anything that you (or others) can physically observe with your senses is concrete.

Abstract is the second layer of meaning we overlay on top of the concrete world (or, you could argue, that underlies our ability to perceive and interpret it).  To give an example, being able to describe and recall the woman who raised you from birth as being 5'4, having brown eyes, making you dinner every night, and taking you to the hospital when you broke your leg is all concrete information (well, it's hard to separate as 'dinner' and 'night' and 'hospital' and so on are abstract concepts, despite referring to concrete events/places in this example, but you get the idea).  However, putting a label like "beautiful" or "generous" or even "Mother", or for instance thinking that she seems like a "witch" when she's angry, requires an abstraction, from the emergent characteristics or events to the underlying form/concept in your mind, like Plato's Ideal.  Sorry for the Fe-centric example; perhaps you could think of a similar one for Te.

So to reiterate the 'concrete' paragraph in terms of the abstract, the state and characteristics of these underlying form/concepts/metaphors and the ability for the individual to manipulate and change them is Ne, and the concepts' impressions on the individual and interactions with each other is Ni.&gt; And she's not royalty as far as I know.

😏👑So, the realm of extraverted functions involves describing and evaluating the characteristics and state of objects in the external world.  For example, with Te, T refers to impersonal processes and systems.  An "object" that Te evaluates can be as zoomed in as an atom or as zoomed out as the entire legal code of a country.  Having strong Te can mean being able to describe whether the water treatment plant is processing the sewage correctly based on water tests and observation, or identifying the make and model of a car and noting what repairs or bodywork it's undergone and the statistically probable reasons for those repairs, or comparing the test results and reported symptoms of a patient to the diagnostic standards set forth by the AMA to determine whether or not they have schizophrenia or cancer or a broken wrist.

Fe works the same way - describing and evaluating the characteristics and state of objects in the external world - but this time in the realm of human processes and systems.  Again, this can be as zoomed in as a single individual at one point in time, or as zoomed out as an entire society.  Having strong Fe can mean being able to describe whether a person is processing their grief after the death of their child based on conversations and observation, or identifying the culture and personality traits of an individual and noting what anomalous qualities they have compared to others from that background and hypothesizing why they might exist, or comparing the exhibited traits of a new potential dating partner to societal standards for a "good wife" and using that to determine how objectively attractive or desirable they are.  Specifying various personality types is in the realm of Fe as well - that's why Carl Jung, an INFJ, was able to accurately identify and describe characteristics of type in a way that has held up for a century.  Most of the information contained in typology *I already knew* - what an extravert or an introvert looked like, what kind of people are more concrete or abstract, asking vs. declaring, rational vs. irrational.  These are categories that already existed in my mind.  The majority of what I'm learning as I progress through the field is terminology, theoretical structure, causality, and the internal (unobservable) states and experiences of individuals.  The emergent characteristics are as easy for me to spot as stripes on a zebra or spots on a cheetah.

A challenge I run into on this sub, and in the field of typology in general, is that most of the enthusiasts of typology don't have strong Fe - they don't naturally observe, sort, and process the human-oriented empirical data I do.  To people who don't normally deal with this sort of information, my conclusions may seem random or non-empirical, but in fact Fe is just as empirical as Te, just in an opposing (suppressive) realm.  These observations are challenging to communicate to people who can't naturally see them.  What ends up happening is similar to those [medieval drawings of exotic animals](http://i.imgur.com/yyartya.jpg) - they attempt to describe personality types via theory and indirect observation, and then criticize me for being able to look at [this](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/63/African_elephant_warning_raised_trunk.jpg) and just say, "It's an elephant," no analysis or explanation needed.

I resisted explaining myself for a long time - after all, it's obviously an elephant, right?  It's their fault if they can't see it.  But eventually I realized that if someone can't see something, they can't see it, and I have the responsibility to attempt to communicate my observations in the most effective way possible so that it can be shared with others who struggle to naturally observe and evaluate the different varieties of people - people who aren't, and can't be, standing on the Serengeti next to me to observe.  Communicating these observations is challenging for me because - as you note - it requires systematically identifying and describing concrete information, which is not a strength I have.  If you'll recall the description of the extraverted functions, you'll notice that this is Se - describing and evaluating the concrete/sensory characteristics and state of objects (individuals' faces and bodies, in this case).  So I looked at INFJs, found the faces they made that gave clear observable evidence of their type, stood in front of a mirror and practiced, identifying the specific muscles they use, collected dozens of nearly-identical photos from almost fifty different individuals I've typed as INFJ, poured over hours of video footage to condense it into specific, tangible descriptions and evidence.

Surely this would be enough, right?  I've "killed" dozens of elephants.  Here are 12 different elephant tusks.  Here are six examples of elephant hide.  Here are detailed descriptions of how they walk.  Maybe you guys can use this to create a better drawing of elephants?

"Alas," say the medieval scribes.  "This looks nothing like our drawing of an elephant.  Where are the sources that prove elephants have smooth skin instead of fur, or large ears instead of small?  If you can't prove *why* it's true, you must not know what you're talking about."&gt; inferior Se says they're likely to be scanning the environment a lot

Scanning the environment in a social context is mainly Ne.  Show me an 'INFJ' who visually scans the environment a lot.

&gt; slipping under the grip of inferior Se

Grips aren't real; they were made up on forums to describe sometimes valid observations, but they don't have any basis in theory.😁!  Glad to hear it.ENTJs aren't cold or ugly inside, but they have inferior Fi and so are afraid of it being true because they don't have a lot of knowledge about themselves, especially when young.  That's why Fi-doms make them feel so good - they see the sweet core of the ENTJ that others - including the ENTJ themselves - may not easily get to see.Can you post a video?  Typing through photos can be misleading.They're afraid they're cold and ugly inside.  They worry about whether or not they're actually a good person.Hahaha nice.

I got (3.02, 2.37).  So I'm edgy &amp; dank, but toward the center.
Well, perhaps you know, I've typed Rooney Mara as INFJ lol.

INFPs have demonstrative Ni so they display it as strongly as their Fi.  I agree with you that Rowling displays little to no Fe.It's similar, yes.  Different flavor though.this is fantastic

also ExxJs are kings/queensENFPs always act brave about physical stuff until after they experience it.  Then they crumple and die lol.  On Amazing Race, the ENFPs are always like "woo-hoo bungee jumping!!!" and then they start full-blown panicking during and after the jump.sounds hot tbh :3Oh, I know this one!  She's ENFP.He's ISTP :)Awww only a wittle lolPart of the reason!  Interestingly Ne-dom has less darting eyes than ENxJ - theoretically because they're grounded by Si perhaps?

Yeah, but she was quite an easy read for me.  I first saw her in a [video with Tati](https://youtu.be/k4LshPuKP2E), if you want to see ENFP vs. ESTJ (activation pair yay).  I promise I'll make a "how to spot an ENFP" post soon!  [Here are my others so far](https://junglove.net/category/how-to-spot/) for easy reference.Stephanie Nicole is INTJ :) She's so cool.&gt; I believe ESTJs can be "wacky" too, but maybe it'd be a more constrained kind of eccentricity

Yup, exactly.  Ne is their tertiary/child function which means that the crave to receive it from others but have a hard time producing it themselves.  ESTJ Ne tends to be along the lines of putting ceramic figurines of fishing frogs on their desks.They can be though.  Bill Wurtz of "History of Japan" fame is ENFP and I'd argue his humor is pretty dry.  In general xNFPs are much less emotionally dramatic than Decisive (Se-valuing) types, although of course they can be over-the-top in other ways (especially ENFPs).What do you do during this pause?

Also, introverted (or possibly un-self-aware ExxP).&gt; I always wondered why I never fit in the "cheerful manic pixie dream girl" ENFP stereotype, but then I realise that's more ESFJ in reality.

It can even be ENFJ, ESTP, ENTP...but I think it can be ENFP too, at least in the "dresses colorfully and listens to indie music under train tracks and lives in a converted factory and shows the protagonist Ne" sense.  Essentially I think the root concept of the MPDG - and what separates her from more believable love stories -
 is that she is the *embodiment* of the introverted protagonist's anima - his inferior function personified, rather than a complete individual who happens to have his inferior function as her dominant.  I do think that they generally attempt to make her "Ne personified" but I think there are subclasses of MPDG that are "Fe personified" or "Se personified" (I'm having trouble imagining a "Te MPDG"; maybe that's because Fi-doms don't generally write such one-dimensional characters? not sure).  I think it's possible they might also mix tropes from one or the other (e.g. a character might be a combination of Fe-style and Ne-style, which gets them closer to seeming like a real person - an ENFx in this case - but still leaves out important characteristics and an inner life).Nope, one of the best.  Duality.😘!Honestly, what you said did hurt me.  Thank you for helping me grow thicker skin.  It affects me a lot less than it used to.&gt; Scott Alexander

Hope you don't mind if I jump in.

Do you mean [this guy](https://youtu.be/txNvCgYpRvw)?  He seems to be ENFP.

Ohh, that sucks. :(  Sorry I can't help :(She was a bit hard for me.  I was thinking about her today actually because her song is on the Billboard.  Yeah I would agree with ISFP.  Interestingly, she reminds me of [young Cyndi Lauper](https://youtu.be/vPfu9V_VS-A?t=4m49s) a bit in her mannerisms and speech style.Yes, the teddy bear.There are some cool solutions for this kind of problem that you might consider.

One is that you could get a friend to go shopping with you and let them dress you, basically.  You can have your own personal list of requirements (has to be comfortable, no green, whatever) but otherwise let them do whatever they want.  If you don't have a friend like this, you might consider letting strangers do it - either virtually, by joining one of the fashion advice subreddits, or in person, by approaching either a salesperson or putting an ad on something like Taskrabbit or craigslist for someone with fashion sense to help you (make sure they send photos so you can check that they actually look good!)

A second option is to sign up for a clothing subscription box, where they send you a curated selection of clothes that they think will match your body and style.  [Here are some options](https://www.realsimple.com/beauty-fashion/clothing/shopping-guide/clothing-subscription-boxes#golden-tote).  I used Stitch Fix for a few months.  It was pretty expensive imo but I really enjoyed it.  I also used Gwynnie Bee for over a year, which is like a clothing rental service where you can wear things a couple times and then send them back or buy them.  It's a good way to find out what you do and don't like.  These ones I sent are for women - I don't know your gender but I can find you some for men too I'm sure if you'd like.

The third suggestion is to make a database/inventory of your closet.  There are apps that can help you do this.  Take a picture of yourself wearing every piece of clothing and tag it with the color, occasion/formality, type (e.g. shirt, pants, etc.)  That way when you go shopping and you see those brilliant hot pink pants you just gotta have, you can browse through all your tops and see if there are any that would actually go with it.

The final option is to look into the concept of a [capsule wardrobe](http://theeverygirl.com/how-to-create-a-capsule-wardrobe/).  I'm really attracted to the idea, except I think I love clothes too much!  I kind of want like five capsule wardrobes, which defeats the purpose lol.  But I've heard it's useful to a lot of people.

I hope this wasn't too long/overwhelming!!  Good luck!You need to learn the difference between a proto-science and a pseudoscience.I typed all of them before reading what you'd written about them -

* Erik Thor is probably ENFP, not totally sure about him
* Ann Dresden is ENFP.
* Dreams Around the World is ISTJ
* catrific is ENFJ
* Vase Face is INFJ
* LavendarSkies1 is INFP
* Amy Crouton is likely ISTJ

One or two of these might be wrong, these were very quick typings, but I feel pretty confident about them.You seem like a really nice person, but everything you're saying suggests valued Te.  Scientific validation is important but typology is currently mainly operating in the Ti-Fe stage - you know, like special relativity, quantum physics, and the theory of evolution were before they were scientifically validated.  There's a great deal of Te research going on as well, especially in the eastern European schools and with Dario Nardi.

As someone with unvalued Te I think most attempts to shove psychology into a scientific experiment are just embarrassingly bad tbh.  You should check out the book "[We've Had a Hundred Years of Psychotherapy and the World's Getting Worse](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/203306.We_ve_Had_a_Hundred_Years_of_Psychotherapy_the_World_s_Getting_Worse)".  Focusing exclusively on Fi-Te in psychology, especially at this stage in our understanding, is deeply to the detriment of the field, specifically because discussions of the states and traits of humans is rooted deeply within the realm of Fe.  You need to develop a consistent theoretical basis for an idea before you can even begin to construct meaningful experiments to test it.  *That* is the difference between a proto-science and a pseudoscience.  Without a meaningful theoretical basis, you can manipulate experiments to show anything you want them to.  It's been done over and over again, in all fields but especially in social sciences such as psychology.For the record, I don't think you're a Te-dominant thinker.  I think you're most likely xNFP, especially given the function test results you cite, but of course it's not possible to type accurately via text.

&gt; at least try to open yourself to the possibility of incorporating some of those Te driven empirical methodologies to supplement your own models of personality

I'm currently working with several people with strong Te who I think have incredible potential in pushing typology into a realm where scientific testing and empirical evidence gathering serve immense value.  I appreciate and share your concern.  I just don't believe that something not yet having much Te means it's not valuable.There are some cool solutions for this kind of problem that you might consider.

One is that you could get a friend to go shopping with you and let them dress you, basically.  You can have your own personal list of requirements (has to be comfortable, no green, whatever) but otherwise let them do whatever they want.  If you don't have a friend like this, you might consider letting strangers do it - either virtually, by joining one of the fashion advice subreddits, or in person, by approaching either a salesperson or putting an ad on something like Taskrabbit or craigslist for someone with fashion sense to help you (make sure they send photos so you can check that they actually look good!)

A second option is to sign up for a clothing subscription box, where they send you a curated selection of clothes that they think will match your body and style.  [Here are some options](https://www.realsimple.com/beauty-fashion/clothing/shopping-guide/clothing-subscription-boxes#golden-tote).  I used Stitch Fix for a few months.  It was pretty expensive imo but I really enjoyed it.  I also used Gwynnie Bee for over a year, which is like a clothing rental service where you can wear things a couple times and then send them back or buy them.  It's a good way to find out what you do and don't like.  These ones I sent are for women - I don't know your gender but I can find you some for men too I'm sure if you'd like.

The third suggestion is to make a database/inventory of your closet.  There are apps that can help you do this.  Take a picture of yourself wearing every piece of clothing and tag it with the color, occasion/formality, type (e.g. shirt, pants, etc.)  That way when you go shopping and you see those brilliant hot pink pants you just gotta have, you can browse through all your tops and see if there are any that would actually go with it.

The final option is to look into the concept of a [capsule wardrobe](http://theeverygirl.com/how-to-create-a-capsule-wardrobe/).  I'm really attracted to the idea, except I think I love clothes too much!  I kind of want like five capsule wardrobes, which defeats the purpose lol.  But I've heard it's useful to a lot of people.

I hope this wasn't too long/overwhelming!!  Good luck!You need to learn the difference between a proto-science and a pseudoscience.I typed all of them before reading what you'd written about them -

* Erik Thor is probably ENFP, not totally sure about him
* Ann Dresden is ENFP.
* Dreams Around the World is ISTJ
* catrific is ENFJ
* Vase Face is INFJ
* LavendarSkies1 is INFP
* Amy Crouton is likely ISTJ

One or two of these might be wrong, these were very quick typings, but I feel pretty confident about them.You seem like a really nice person, but everything you're saying suggests valued Te.  Scientific validation is important but typology is currently mainly operating in the Ti-Fe stage - you know, like special relativity, quantum physics, and the theory of evolution were before they were scientifically validated.  There's a great deal of Te research going on as well, especially in the eastern European schools and with Dario Nardi.

As someone with unvalued Te I think most attempts to shove psychology into a scientific experiment are just embarrassingly bad tbh.  You should check out the book "[We've Had a Hundred Years of Psychotherapy and the World's Getting Worse](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/203306.We_ve_Had_a_Hundred_Years_of_Psychotherapy_the_World_s_Getting_Worse)".  Focusing exclusively on Fi-Te in psychology, especially at this stage in our understanding, is deeply to the detriment of the field, specifically because discussions of the states and traits of humans is rooted deeply within the realm of Fe.  You need to develop a consistent theoretical basis for an idea before you can even begin to construct meaningful experiments to test it.  *That* is the difference between a proto-science and a pseudoscience.  Without a meaningful theoretical basis, you can manipulate experiments to show anything you want them to.  It's been done over and over again, in all fields but especially in social sciences such as psychology.For the record, I don't think you're a Te-dominant thinker.  I think you're most likely xNFP, especially given the function test results you cite, but of course it's not possible to type accurately via text.

&gt; at least try to open yourself to the possibility of incorporating some of those Te driven empirical methodologies to supplement your own models of personality

I'm currently working with several people with strong Te who I think have incredible potential in pushing typology into a realm where scientific testing and empirical evidence gathering serve immense value.  I appreciate and share your concern.  I just don't believe that something not yet having much Te means it's not valuable.Great work robot!Hmm, interesting.  My first thought was "obviously not, how dumb" lol.  Most chess champions are ISTP, followed by INTJ.  But after watching a few videos of him, I definitely don't think it's impossible.  I have a really hard time typing him because his Ukrainian mannerisms are so "loud", but if I had to guess I would say ENFP seems most likely actually.  Very interesting.

ETA: Watched more, he is.  I rescind my initial skepticism!&gt; Petrosian perhaps

Hmm, I tried to check but it's hard to find useful footage of him. :/  My opinion on the matter is mostly shaped by u/doctormolotov, but what he says makes sense - that being a good chess champion relies heavily on being a tactical type, as well as trainable Si and other factors (although Ivanchuk would be an exception).

If there are any players you'd like me type, I'd be happy to do so as long as there are a few minutes of footage, preferably speaking (interviews or the like)!Thank you so much for collecting all these interviews!  I really appreciate it, and I'll add these people to my list of typed people to review later and maybe add to my site. :)

HOKAY! :cracks knuckles:

* Magnus Carlsen - ISTP, agree.  Interestingly my first impression was ISTJ but I revised it after watching more videos.
* Vishy Anand - I can't get a good read on him for some reason, but my best guess is ENTP.
* Vladimir Kramnik - I think ISTP, but not sure.
* Rustam Kasimdzhanov - First impression is ISTP.
* Garry Kasparov - Best guess is ESTP.
* Anatoly Karpov - ISTJ
* Bobby Fischer - ISTP
* Boris Spassky - Interesting.  I think he's ENFP like Ivanchuk.
* Veselin Topalov - ISTP

As you can see with Magnus, I don't always stick with my initial/gut impression, so it will be interesting to revisit these later and see if I change my mind about any of them.  Being that most of them come from a different culture, it can be a bit more difficult to calibrate.  But I enjoyed the challenge! :)Actors get cast as their own type far more often than would be expected from random chance, especially unknown/up-and-coming actors.

As far as the types of the actors you listed whose types I know, Jim Carrey is ENFP, DiCaprio is ESFP, and Keanu Reeves is ISFP.

As far as versatile actors, I've actually found that to be the case for ENFPs, which is not what I would necessarily expect.  See Tatiana Maslany, for instance.I actually type PewDiePie as ISFP, although I'm not completely sure about it.You're very welcome! \^_^:looks at pictures: Gotta be an ENTP

:looks at flair: Yup, I was right

:looks at username: HEY!!! :DWould definitely be interesting to try!  Might be hard without knowing more information though.Very nice!  The flower adds a nice touch. :)HMMMMM!  Gut instinct says INFJ.Eep!  ENFP?Nice!

Uhhhh...ENTP, INTP, ISTJ in that order lolGorgeous.  It suits you! :PIt's too hard!  LolINFP?ENTP?I already know your type so I won't cheat :P  But my first thought looking at the picture was ISTJ. :/  This is a lot harder than I expected lol.:sobs:Hm!  ISFJ?Not too far from ESFJ, you're duals. :3Sounds like holographic-panoramic cognition style.  INTP, ENFP, ISFP, ESTP.

Not a flaw, btw.  Just a quirk.how clean the floor was lol

and the "think" poster, i feel like ISTJs like Futurama I dunno why lolISTP?There's a lot more to type than just functions.  All the type with the same cognitive style share three dichotomies.  They're all result types, negativist types, and static types.  You can read more about cognitive styles [here](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/51-Forms-of-Cognition-by-Victor-Gulenko).Interesting!

Through this exercise I've learned that I'm terrible at typing by looking at rooms lol.Wow....I have no idea!!  ISFP?INFPs have +Fi in the dominant position, which activates -Ni in the demonstrative position.

The dominant function sets the agenda for the person and characterizes the majority of their attention and interactions.  +Fi is cumulative and accelerationist (rather than opposing/balancing) and deals with the interaction between the self and other people (and values, groups, etc.) as well as the relationships between other people (and values, groups, etc.).

The demonstrative function is very easy to use but not generally conscious or valued in the individual, and more likely to be reported by people at a large psychological distance from the individual (i.e. strangers notice it more in you than friends).  -Ni is opposing/balancing and deals with interactions between the self and abstract concepts (ideas, metaphors, etc.) as well as the relationships between such such concepts (or ideas, metaphors, etc.) themselves.

In practice, the INFP focuses the majority of their attention on their identity and values, but uses metaphors and abstract concepts to relay these thoughts to others.  Visually speaking, you might spend some time investigating the videos and pictures of [INFPs on my site](https://junglove.net/category/infp/).  I apologize that this response is so formulaic, but I'm a bit spent this evening.  I will write a "How to Spot an INFP" as well as a more in-depth INFP type description in the future.Just that I have literally zero idea haha.  This is hard!That was actually my other guess but I thought I'd been guessing that too much lol 😅&gt; Light Yagami

Oh, I've just started watching Death Note and Light is almost a perfectly archetypal ENTJ.

For an archetypal fictional ISTP, see Lara Croft (especially old school Lara), Katniss from The Hunger Games, or Geralt from The Witcher.  If you're partial to anime, there's Taki from Your Name and Kousei from Your Lie in April, although I would say those characters are more realistic and less "perfect"/archetypal representations.There are two ways you can go about it.

One is to know whether the type is positivist or negativist.  For example, ENFJ is a negativist type.  So my dominant, auxiliary, vulnerable, and role functions are minus.  -Fe, -Ni, -Si, -Te.  The rest are plus.  For a positivist, their dominant, auxiliary, vulnerable, and role functions are plus and the rest are minus.

The second way is to know if a type is process or result.  I'm a process type, and all process types have the same plus or minus functions as I do.  So ENTP, INFP, whatever it is, they all have -Fe, -Ni, -Si-, and -Te.  Result types are the opposite.

You can use one to figure out the other, of course.  It's just a matter of which collection you know better.

For reference -

**Positivists:**
ENTx, ESFx, INFx, ISTx

**Negativists:**
ENFx, ESTx, INTx, ISFx

**Process:**
ENFJ, ENTP, ESFP, ESTJ, INFP, INTJ, ISFJ, ISTP

**Result:**
ENFP, ENTJ, ESFJ, ESTP, INFJ, INTP, ISFP, ISTJDoes he have any videos with his face in them?Likely supervision or contrary.

So for example the foil character to an INTP would be either ESTP, ENFP, or ENTJ.  You can see ENTJ vs. INTP in the anime Death Note, for instance.Oh that's a good possibility too.I think dual makes a lot of sense, especially if it's a romantic story or like a rivalry that turns into friendship (like a buddy cop movie or something).

But I don't think conflict works very well.  Usually they operate in such different spheres that they don't even really come into contact, and when they do it's more like curiously observing alien life or something lol.  Like when would an INTP ever legitimately compete with an ESFP?Good suggestion.

I believe she's INFP.[This post](https://junglove.net/type-vs-type-entp-or-intp/) I wrote might help you.

Regardless, if you're unsure, it's much more likely that you're ENTP.I see.  Sorry, I wish I could help. :(INTP maybe?  Super ascetic.Good question.

I don't know the history that well, but from what I understand, Grigoriy Reinin proposed that we could mathematically split the 16 types into 15 dichotomies (16 if you include "identity", existing or not existing).

Reinin and other researchers then performed exploratory research, asking all kinds of questions and having participants do various tasks, looking for patterns that emerged consistently in groups of eight (eight types consistently did x in a task, the other eight did y) and then once identified, assigning them to the theoretical dichotomies until there were enough descriptions of attributes in each dichotomy to begin hypothesizing about some sort of underlying, fundamental difference between the two groups (a theoretical basis).

That's why some of the descriptions seem so incomplete or over-simplified, because they're basically restricted to the result of random queries.  As we develop a theoretical basis for these differences, we're able to propose new hypotheses and experiments to test them so that we can narrow it down further to more specific, accurate observations.  Personally I find it all very exciting, I hope that I can be involved with proposing traits and helping to design experiments to test them someday.

Anyway, you can read more about Reinin's work [here](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/106-Reinin-Dichotomies) if you like.Relationship of duality.  He probably feels the same way as you do.  Be open and honest and enjoy. :)Hello. :)  I'm a frequent poster here and on r/jungiantypology.  I used to type people a lot on here with questionnaires, but the demand got a bit overwhelming.

These days, my husband u/doctormolotov and I run the website [JungLove.net](http://junglove.net), and I do offer a [video typing service](https://junglove.net/memberships/) if that's something you'd be interested in.

I hope you find what you're looking for! :)I did, yes.  I'm glad it helped!

No worries. :)  Best of luck!Awww thank you so much! I will definitely do some more in the near future. :DI believe you're talking about what's (somewhat unfortunately) called the rational vs. irrational dichotomy.

Rational types have dominant judging functions - F or T - so that's ExxJs and IxxPs.

Irrational types have dominant perceiving functions - N or S - so that's ExxPs and IxxJs.

To quote my [ENTP vs. INTP post](https://junglove.net/type-vs-type-entp-or-intp/) -

&gt; **Rational:**

&gt; * Prefer to think about what they're going to do in advance
&gt; * More likely to see their choices as managing or affecting the environment
&gt; * Feel more comfortable after a decision has been made and they know what they need to do
&gt; * More likely to discuss judgments or opinions than observations
&gt; * Enjoy making complex or difficult decisions (especially with low stakes, like in a game)
&gt; * More likely to be willful and stubborn in their approach, especially in areas they feel confident.  More adaptable when they feel out of their league.

&gt; **Irrational:**

&gt; * Don't commit to a course of action until forced to make a decision
&gt; * More likely to see the environment or circumstances as forcing a choice on them
&gt; * Feel more comfortable before a final decision is made, when they can still be flexible
&gt; * More likely to discuss observations than judgments or opinions
&gt; * Enjoy experiencing new or unexpected events (especially from within their comfort zone, like in media)
&gt; * More likely to be adaptable in their approach and willing to compromise, especially in areas they feel confident.  More stubborn when they feel out of their league.

I'm still working on research to identify more characteristics and hone these ones down - get the wording perfect - but that should give you a good basic idea, anyway.  It's a very interesting dichotomy imo!&gt; A Ni-dom is going to come across as a Te-dom or a Fe-dom (depending on aux) 99% of the time

This is tautologically untrue.No.  You just haven't fully understood the nature of the types.  You should spend some time studying cognitive functions.  [Here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/JungianTypology/comments/6l2f1t/reading_list_draft/) a good reading list to start with.If you can't type people when they're interacting with others, then you're not very good at typing people.Haha aww, thank you, that's really sweet of you.

Honestly, it's been a long, slow process over the course of about two years (I dabbled before that, but nothing serious), and unfortunately there's not one great source I can point you to that will give you everything you need to know.  My husband u/doctormolotov and I have been working on trying to make such a source but as I'm sure you can imagine, that's an even a longer, slower process. O_O

That said, you might be interested in checking out his [reading list](https://www.reddit.com/r/JungianTypology/comments/6l2f1t/reading_list_draft/), as well as the [curriculum](https://junglove.net/jung-love-curriculum/) I just put up on our website.  It's bare bones now - not many links yet - but it gives you a good guide at least of what information *exists* out there.  [Wikisocion.net](http://wikisocion.net/) is a good place to find articles on many of the topics in the curriculum, although there are a lot of other sources (a great number of them in Russian) as well as our own original research that you can't find there unfortunately.

Oh, and you can come join us at r/jungiantypology to discuss more in-depth theory as well, and feel free to PM me any time with questions!  Hopefully this helps at least a bit. :)

You might be interested in [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/71xeeu/a_description_of_the_functions/dnfowjm/) I wrote a couple of days ago. :)

(Note: If you follow the link contained within, which I wholeheartedly recommend, do keep in mind that in Socionics - which is just the name we use for eastern personality psychology - the last letter of a type's label is switched for introverts.  So an MBTI "ISTJ" is called an "ISTp" in Socionics, and so forth.)You're more than welcome.  Enjoy!Good question, so what you're getting at here is the small groups of temperament - ExxJ, ExxP, IxxJ, and IxxP.  Temperament is composed of three dichotomies - rational/irrational, introvert/extravert, and static/dynamic (that's xxxP vs. xxxJ, or said another way, Pe-Ji vs. Je-Pi).  The differences you can notice in IxxJs and ExxPs, for example, are due to these last two dichotomies.

So the relevant part of the introvert/extravert dichotomy here is about the relationship with the environment.  In general, extraverts act immediately with their environment and then process internally, whereas introverts process things internally before acting.

The relevant part of the static/dynamic dichotomy here is that static types (xxxP) view the world as basically staying the same, with change occurring in large, discrete jumps.  They also are mainly attuned to their subjective experience of the world and how it affects them.  Dynamic types (xxxJ) view the world as mostly in a constant state of flux, with things continuously developing and evolving.  They're more attuned to the world itself and their place and interactions with it.

So combining the three:

ExxJs are rational, extraverted, and dynamic.  When it comes to decision-making, they notice trends and patterns in the world and quickly decide whether they want to encourage, discourage, or reverse these things.  They act decisively and immediately, becoming aware of their desire almost simultaneously with developing and implementing a course of action.  Observing and interpreting the results of these actions comes afterward, as a passive process, and essentially builds up their repertoire of information for the next time they decide that the environment 'requires' a correction.

IxxPs are rational, introverted, and static.  They're just as decisive as ExxJs, but they play the long game.  Their understanding of themselves and their capabilities allows them to decide on a course of action and quietly prepare it long before others in their environment have become aware of what's happening.  Once the preparation is finished, they implement it quickly, decisively, and according to plan.  Anecdotally, my INTP husband often seems to me to be "doing nothing" (much to my consternation) until suddenly everything is completely finished and much more thorough and solid than I could have expected.

ExxPs are irrational, extraverted, and static.  As you say, they're full-blown improvisers.  They prepare nothing in advance and act only when the environment "forces" them to, in one of those 'big-leaps' I mentioned in the 'static' section.  When a job suddenly seems to become intolerable, for instance, or a big emergency forces a dramatic change in their lives.  Like IxxPs, they're aware of their capabilities, despite not being particularly aware of their own needs and desires, so it takes a big environmental push - big enough to force their needs/desires to the front of their mind - but then they become particularly capable at adapting and responding to the new circumstances.

IxxJs are irrational, introverted, and dynamic.  Similarly to ExxPs, they don't act until the environment 'forces' a move upon them.  However, unlike ExxPs, they're very attuned to the trends and patterns in the world and are good at predicting the likely course of events.  They use this time to prepare themselves for the possible courses of action they could take, setting themselves up so that when the time comes they'll have the ability to pick the best option.  They differ from IxxPs in that they don't commit to one course of action in advance, but rather prefer to keep their options open and have contingency plans, exactly as you said.  But if the environment never forces their hand, they often end up choosing to do nothing.  This allows them to save energy and will for future endeavors.You're very welcome!  Yeah, I definitely think they're a treasure trove of information.  I feel like I learn something new every day.You might be interested in [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/679ky3/differentiating_estj_vs_entj_masterpost/) I made a while back.She's ENFP.I primarily do visual typing.  I find trained VT to be more reliable than reasoning overall, and for me especially.  Unfortunately I don't have a "How to Spot an ENFP" article yet, but I do have [these others](https://junglove.net/category/how-to-spot/) that can give you a partial insight into my method.

ESxJs do have Ne, but not enough to ever mistake it as their dominant unless perhaps they're a Creative-Ne subtype which is rare (1/8 subtypes)...even then I'd see their dominant and demonstrative functions first.

There are so many little tells in the first few minutes of this girl's video that show ENFP, I don't really even know where to start because any piece individually has such a small impact on the overall typing.  But just to choose ten random examples, ENFP traits:

1. screaming for no reason
2. talking very quickly
3. pretty graphics for no reason
4. occasionally widening eyes for emphasis
5. looking all over the place (Ne) but keeping relatively still for a second or so at each place (characteristic of Ne-doms)
6. laughing at own things she says even though nothing funny is happening
7. jittering/swaying back and forth with the head/shoulders disconnected, not sure how to explain this exactly
8. vacancy (lack of Ti) in the eyes
9. anticipating criticism (F)
10. an attempt at symmetrical body language that often falls short (not actually symmetrical like an ISTJ)

I know some of these things sound derogatory; I just want to assure readers that any unfiltered list I made for any type would sound like that; I'm a negativist type after all.Yes, but it will be colored by the position it falls in their stack of course.

You can see this, for example, in how INTJs with -Fe try to be polite and courteous (avoid negative confrontations) in a way that ISTJs don't, but ISTJs with +Fe share and display positive emotions much more easily than INTJs do.Yes, essentially.  Another metaphor I like is that + functions are the accelerator (they are cumulative, recursive, or encouraging) and - functions are the steering wheel (they are correcting, steering, or balancing).

So just as an example, an ESFJ who uses +Fe in a negative situation is likely to make the situation *more* negative (accelerating), which is why they tend to avoid uncomfortable subjects/situations and look for alternative (sometimes passive aggressive) solutions.  Whereas an ENFJ can more easily use -Fe to course correct or calm things down.  But an ESFJ does much better at maintaining and encouraging a positive atmosphere, whereas ENFJs can turn into wet blankets and debbie downers if others seem too excited or happy.ExxPs in general are not very self-aware.  I think it's the lack of Pi.

(The question is...what does that say about ExxJs and our no Ji??? 😱)

ETA: u/doctormolotov says it's the other way around - that ExxPs lack self-awareness because of vulnerable + supervised Ji, and ExxJs, with blocked Pi, lack awareness of their general environment as it is naturally, as well as the effect it has on them, making them seem like bulldozers.If you hate Fe then one or more of the following things is true:

1. You're not an INTP
2. You're a teenager
3. You don't understand what Fe is.

Also, grips are not real (at least not in the way you find them described on blog posts and forums).  They're not based on any genuine typology research or theory.That's not what Fe is.  Molding yourself to the values of your peer group is primarily Fi, which deals with issues of relationships and identity.  Your disdain for it might suggest vulnerable Fi.

I've never understood exactly what "harmony" was supposed to refer to in amateur typology.  Does it mean going along with other people and not disagreeing?  That's more associated with IxxJs and the Harmonizing subtype.  Does it mean trying to make things cheerful and positive?  That is Fe, but only +Fe, the kind found in ESFJs (and INTPs).  Does it mean trying to make everyone "all just get along" and discouraging arguments?  That's mainly related to Si and supervised or unvalued Se, although it can also fall into the domain of -Fe (the kind found in ENFJs).ENTP's ideal match isn't dom Ni, it's dom Si. ISxJs. No, you only have one type and it's decided either before or shortly after birth. You need to expand your understanding of what it means to be an ENFP - being quiet when you're alone, for instance, is included in the definition. It will depend on context. You need to offer specific situations. Sounds like Gamma quadra to me. (xNTJ &amp; xSFP)I care a lot more than I'd like to. Many xNFPs will find xSTJs to be very nice, in the ways that matter to them. 

Personally I don't find many NFs to be particularly nice at all. Nicest to me is probably INTP, ISFJ, and ESTP (in their own way). I can't click through the link for some reason but I've typed several Euro cultures:

England: INTJ

Ireland: possibly ESTP

Spain: likely ENFP

France: ISFP

Germany: ISTJ

Greece: ESFP

Romania: ISFPI would add the caveat that the descriptions need to be written by someone who knows what they're talking about. I recommend Gulenko, Filatova, and Stratiyevskaya (keeping in mind the eastern naming conventions). For western descriptions I'd suggest Michael Pierce and Celebrity Types as generally accurate. It's very clear from observing children - you can tell in young infants whether they'll be extraverted or introverted, sensing or intuitive, and so on.  I've personally typed children as young as 3-4 and I've felt fairly certain about children as young as 1 year old from online video and such, although obviously I can't follow up with them later and see that my typing was accurate.

That said, there are also a huge number of factors that shape and influence your personality as you age.  They function, however, not as a change to your *type* but rather to how it's expressed.  The three main influences are:

1. Normal functional development, and any factors that may inhibit it.  Often when people express the sense that their type changed in their late teens/early twenties, for instance, what they're actually talking about is merely the normal development from the stage of integrating the ignoring function (during the teens) to the stage of integrating the inferior function (twenties).  I have an overview video on this topic [here](https://junglove.net/function-development-when-how/) but there's a lot more that goes into it.
2. Subtype.  Unlike type, subtype is something that can change over time - it refers to the role you play in family, work, and society.  A person can stay the same subtype for their whole life, or they may go through two or even three different subtypes, if they find themselves in meaningfully different circumstances.  [Here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/JungianTypology/comments/5u72er/a_brief_rundown_of_subtypes/) a post I wrote introducing subtypes, and [here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/515pqs/introduction_to_the_dcnh_subtype_system/) one by my husband, u/doctormolotov.
3. Culture.  Cultural norms play a big role in how type is expressed - in the same way that you can see subtype as kind of a overlying layer that affects a person's behavior and motivations, cultural norms (whether national, regional, or even within a family or group membership) form a kind of "sub-layer" to a person's personality, providing constraints and emphases to particular perspectives, values, and so on.  I don't have any good resources available for this yet, but for instance I've noticed a very big difference in how ISTJs act in ESTJ America and how they act in ISFP Romania (in the latter country, they feel much more empowered and assertive, likely because ISTJs are the benefactors of ISFPs).

There are other factors that influence expressed and experienced personality too, such as physical illness, trauma, profile (environmental influences over the span of months/years), and state (moment-to-moment environmental influences, such as whether you're at a conference or a basketball game).:deep blush: 💖We are, yeah! :)  We met on here, actually 😯 And the rest is history :PYes, that makes a lot of sense.  Generally we express our inferior function and especially our vulnerable function only when we feel the most comfortable and safe.ESFJ isn't bad by any means, but yes ISTJ is great.  They may bicker or get annoyed at each other, but semi-duals are often compared to the "moth to the flame" - no matter how much they fall apart, they always come back together.I think there are a lot of important factors into how well or poorly a relationship works - things like culture, personal values, experience, subtype, and so on.  But with those things being equal, intertype relationships are extremely predictable imo.  And similarly, all relationships between two particular types will have something in common, even if the overall trajectory or other important details end up varying wildly.Honestly, mostly visual identification.  Strong, valued Si and Ni in particular make a big difference in how people in general - and presumably babies as well - hold their eyes.  I'd be very surprised if [a baby who usually makes this face](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-y8jXsDakmTQ/UGzOJSm9sFI/AAAAAAAAE68/4EBHfd8gjbg/s1600/DSC_0743.JPG), for example, turned out to be an NJ.  And I'd be surprised if [one who generally looks like this](http://images.parents.mdpcdn.com/sites/parents.com/files/styles/width_300/public/images/p_101395269.jpg) turned out not to be.  Of course typing with pictures is very unreliable, even with adults, so it's about noticing patterns in movement, facial expressions, etc.

Once they're toddlers, they'll be old enough to notice some behavioral indicators too (other than just being noisy or quiet, etc.)  .  Things like how quickly they're willing to try new things, how quickly they respond to stimulus, whether they develop motor skills or speech earlier, etc. etc.It's not possible for people to bias their typing videos.  In the worst case scenario, someone who's being deliberately manipulative or intentionally acting/pretending to be a different type might return, essentially, an "error" result, but for example I often easily type actors, even when the characters they're playing are a different type from them.  If professionals can't fool me, there's no risk of you inadvertently misleading me.  The things I look at, for the most part, are not under conscious control.

I will alert you in advance that from your writing style I find it very unlikely for you to be INTP, and ENxP seems more likely than ESTJ, but of course I will keep an open mind if you do decide to go with my service.  I hope you find the answers you're looking for! :)Yes, precisely.  Because our demonstrative is easy but unvalued, we use it as a tool rather than an end in itself.  The way we see it, any tool can be used for good or evil purposes, so identifying that the tool is being used doesn't give information about whether something is good or bad.  You'll likely feel the same way about Te, and ExFPs about Fe - that there's nothing inherently trustworthy or good about these functions, other than the utility they provide in achieving your real agenda.It's okay, las.  They're scared of what they don't understand. 💖Lol, looks like an ExxP to me anyway.They like to be purposefully hard-headed about finding something out, for example, refusing to Google something or look up new information.  They prefer someone to be like, "Hey you knucklehead, everyone knows that it's XYZ."

They also like to pretend to miss really obvious hints/clues in favor of having someone spell something out for them.  The "pretending" happens so that on the (not so infrequent) occasions that they actually miss something obvious, they can play it off like they were joking.

They often call people "weird" or "not normal" for actually normal things (like preferring rocky road ice cream or something), but then they're extremely tickled by things that are actually weird or not normal (like preferring wasabi ice cream).

I think what /u/Lastrevio said about the trickster and the dual's critical parent is really smart and accurate; I hadn't thought about it before but it makes a lot of sense!Of course.  What is obvious to one person isn't obvious to everyone.  But "clue/hint" in particular tends to point toward the use of Ni, especially process Ni.  And ISTPs in my experience don't just *actually* miss clues, they play up their misunderstanding as a form of humor - like that's part of the way they joke is by pretending they don't understand something when they clearly do.  That's what I was primarily referring to here.Some of these are right.

* Alistair - ENFP
* Morrigan - ISTP (though her voice acting and styling is more INFP)
* Sten - ISTJ
* Leliana - ISFP
* Wynne - ESFJ
* Oghren - ESTP
* Zevran - need to replay
* Loghain - INTJ
* Cailan - ENFP, sure, maybe ESFP
* Duncan - ISTJ

Didn't type the others you listed.Thank you for thinking of me!  I actually offer a [professional typing service](https://junglove.net/memberships/) so I don't participate in the typing threads here.  :3  I hope you find the answer you're looking for! &lt;3Unfortunately, part of what makes someone a good liar is that it's really hard to definitively catch them in the act...so being able to point to a public figure and have people agree that they're a good liar is no easy feat.

That said, some examples of ISFPs who are at least shady/mysterious/slippery enough to call things into doubt:

* Brad Pitt
* Cirie Fields (Survivor)
* Dianne Feinstein
* Michael Jackson
* Nancy Pelosi
* Paris Hilton (in that she's actually a very smart and shrewd businesswoman, and not the dumb bimbo character she plays in public)
* Richard Ramirez (the Night Strangler)
* John Travolta

For examples of clumsier and more obvious lying, you'll want to look at people with low but valued Fi, especially ExTJs.  Hillary Clinton, Bill O'Reilly, and the like.

I should also note that Fi lying is distinct from simply being a conman/snake oil salesman or from being something like a pathological liar - Fi lying is about self-preservation, plausible deniability, image/identity crafting, and power.  It's about misleading people into thinking you're on their side when you're not, or claiming to support something while secretly working against it, or letting someone believe something about you that's not true because it makes them like you, and so on.It's a good question!  Thank you so much for tagging me!!  I just had a baby on Saturday, so that's why I've been MIA for a while.  But I love being alerted to interesting things like this.  Our new little family is starting to settle into a routine so hopefully I can pop in sometimes and contribute. \^_^

To answer your question u/fledgling_art, there are a few functions involved in the beauty industry:

**Se is associated with trends and contemporary fashion.**  High Se-users are the most likely to be aware of and engage with current and upcoming trends in fashion, makeup, home design, etc. - although of course that depends on their personal interests, as they might be more attuned to trends in things like music, business, etc.rather than fashion.  Most Se-valuers (xSxPs and xNxJs) are interested in trends to some extent, but xNxJs are more likely to engage selectively or with effort.  INxPs are the least likely to be interested in something simply because it's new or trendy, followed by ISxJs, although there will be exceptions for people who have something like a personal attachment to fashion design or who need to stay abreast of the industry for some reason, etc.  ENxPs and ESxJs are more comfortable with Se and more interested in novelty for its own sake, and so may or may not be aware of or involved in trends depending on their personal interests and needs.

**If any function is the "grooming" function, it's Si.**  Si is used for maintenance and upkeep, which extends into the personal realm as well.  So xSxJs are unlikely to be particularly trendy in general, but much more likely to be "put together" - neat hair, trimmed nails, clothing that fits and is clean, etc.  Note, however, that it's possible to "maintain" a permanently disheveled or aesthetically strange state as well, so you end up with ISTJs that look like mountain men or ISFJs like [Larry Fassenden](http://natgeo.edgeboss.net/download/natgeo/mpx/img/Nat_Geo_Channels/508/227/24154179956_Fessenden_Fear_FINAL.jpg). But despite scraggly beards or unflattering makeup (for example), xSxJs are *consistent* and *predictable* in their presentation, which in a lot of cases results in being considered well-groomed.  In Se-doms (especially ESFPs), who have ignoring Si, you can often notice that they have very fashionable and noticeable clothing or makeup but that it [doesn't really fit properly](http://www.celebritygossip.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/wenn2223289.jpg.pagespeed.ce.OSsTrSQScA.jpg) or that it's [kind of disheveled](http://images.tapatalk-cdn.com/15/05/07/d03f78d0387465ad8505633b81e7527d.jpg) or [just looks strange](https://i.dmarge.com/2015/09/FeatBieber.jpg) for the situation.  Things like fit may also be related to Ti as I see that a lot less often in ESTPs for some reason, although [they have their moments](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/8b/ba/f5/8bbaf577115864230acbe025e40bb17f--backstreet-boys-boy-bands.jpg) as well.

**Both Fe and Fi are involved in aesthetic.**  Fe is also associated with trends, but generally longer-term trends - think things that you look back and say "wow that's so 1960s", for instance.  They're the things that grow to define a generation or an era, a way to categorize a time and place.  To expand on that, Fe is also involved in other "categories" that define/describe groups of people, places, etc. - things like cultures, subcultures, hobbies, moods, etc. - anything that connects the individual to a concept or larger group.  Fi is more related to creative, individual expression - showing who you are, distinct from others, through your aesthetic.  Of course there is a lot of crossover between those two concepts (as there often is between two attitudes of the same function), and an Fe-dom might wear the same thing as an Fi-dom, just for different reasons - in fact, two Fe-doms or two Fi-doms might wear the same thing for different Fe or Fi reasons as well. :)

I'm sure there are elements of N and T that are involved in clothing/fashion/appearance as well, but they are less noticeable to me so I'll leave that to others to ponder.

I hope I answered the question!  Let me know if you have any follow-up ones. :)Thank you! :DThank you! :D  I hope so too!

Okay let's see...

&gt;What type would you think is someone who doesn't seem to be aware of/doesn't follow the latest trends (not as a display of individuality, necessarily, but rather out of an indifference towards the whole thing)?

Someone who is not aware of modern-day trends likely has weak Se, and someone who lacks knowledge about long-term trends (e.g. would have no idea what to wear to an "80's party" without looking up ideas or inspiration) likely has weak Fe.  Note that this doesn't mean everyone with weak Se/Fe would have these problems (experience or interest could mitigate them), just that someone who does is likely to have those functions weak.  As for indifference rather than a display of individuality, what I'm about to say probably demonstrates my personal bias, but I often feel that xNFPs (and to a lesser extent, xNTJs) claim that they're shirking trends in pursuit of individuality when the reality is that they would struggle to follow them regardless (a case of post-hoc explanation).  So if someone claims neutral indifference rather than individual expression, I would first suspect xNTP, followed by the other thinkers, though of course I don't think you could definitively rule out any type based on that alone.

&gt; Who almost never shops for clothes and almost exclusively relies on a small collection of clothes that they have received as gifts?

This is very common with INTPs, particularly the emphasis on minimalism.  I could also see it easily describing INFJ and INTJ, and certain ENTJs, ENTPs, and INFPs (maybe one who was more interested in music or books than clothes, for example - someone like Max from Life Is Strange, if you've played that game). 

&gt; Who doesn't wear make-up or accessories(or only for special occasions) or change hairstyles, but almost always wears dresses (aesthetic considerations not being the principal ones here, it's just that it's easier not having to match two or more pieces of clothing)?

Sounds like an xNTP to me, maybe xNTJ or ESTJ.

Overall the person you're describing sounds the most like an INTP to me, but there's not enough information to definitively rule out any type.Oh fun!

Here's my list:

* **Aimee** from The Leftovers
* **Debra** from Dexter
* **Ellie** from The Last of Us
* **Louise** from Bob's Burgers
* **Maggie Greene** from The Walking Dead
* **Nicky Nichols** from Orange Is the New Black
* **Sarah** from Orphan Black

The actresses who play Aimee and Debra are ESTP as well.  Not sure about the ones who play Maggie or Nicky (haven't typed them - from photos alone I would guess ESFJ for Maggie's and ENFP for Nicky's), and the one who plays Sarah is ENFP.  It's always harder to type a character when the actor isn't the same type, but those are my best guesses based on the character's actions, styling, etc.I agree with Jenna Marbles!Haha, well I don't think Max is a slob or anything, but she's not exactly cutting-edge in terms of style. :P

There's not really any such thing as an INTP with subdued Ti. :)  But that doesn't mean all Ti-doms conform to stereotypes.  Re-reading your description, I could definitely plug an ISFJ into it.  My ISFJ ex still wore free T-shirts he got in high school all the time haha.  I do offer a [professional typing service](https://junglove.net/register-2/) on my site if that's something you'd be interested in - it can be fun to speculate over text, but I haven't found any method of typing to be anywhere close to as accurate as video typing.I understand about the video. :)  It's always an option if you change your mind!  Most people are nervous when they make them so you wouldn't stand out in that regard.

As for the girl in the description, I'm sorry but as a general rule I just don't type people via text.  I'm wrong more often than I'm right, so even if I'm a better guesser than the average person it's still more likely to do harm than good.  Even people that I've been friends with and talked to online for months have "fooled" me with their type over text, but I usually know within 30 seconds of seeing a video.  And that doesn't even scratch the surface of the difficulties involved in trying to type someone through someone *else's* impressions and interpretations of their behavior - too many layers, it's like trying to look in a crystal ball lol!The most annoying thing about ENTPs, from my perspective anyway, is that they're very sensitive emotionally but lack both self-awareness and interpersonal competence (though the latter can be mitigated somewhat with maturity), so they're constantly crossing social boundaries and then feeling butthurt and defensive when others get offended or annoyed by their behavior.  It leads to the sense that you have to be gentle with them despite them stomping all over social norms and etiquette.

ENFJs also have this rude-but-emotionally-sensitive trait, generally with somewhat less rudeness and more emotional sensitivity.  But we're also less likely to start debates or play devil's advocate, so it's often less immediately obvious..Post a video?"Doing" math, as in performing well in the school subject, can be Te just as much as Ti.  Many ExFPs can get quite good grades in math as long as they were taught with a procedural approach (e.g. "When you see this type of problem, solve it this way.")  Mathematical understanding, however, is Ti.  That said, IxFPs have role Ti, which means that they can learn to use it through direct instruction, so there are plenty of IxFPs who do well at math - both academically and cognitively - although they're still more prone to errors in reasoning than xxTPs.

Science is primarily Te, not Ti.

Fi itself doesn't have anything to do with math or science, unless you're discussing e.g. the ethics of performing a certain experiment, or the societal implications of a discovery, etc.Post a video? Interesting character lol.  He's ESFP.He's ESFP.

What you quoted definitely does sound like a crappy anti-Sensor rant.  It's clear he thinks he's "enlightened" in some way, but a person being convinced that they're superior in some way is not necessarily indicative that they actually are - I would go so far as to suggest that those two factors are unrelated.  Believing that you have some sort of secret knowledge is consistent with valued Ni (or an Ni-harmonizing subtype of any type), but it's just as common for people with both weak and strong Ni, and depends more on things like upbringing, maturity, and experience than strength.  Function strength would only determine how likely it is that your secret knowledge is actually accurate - NJs are more likely than SPs to *actually* be privy to some information others lack, although they're perfectly capable of being wackadoodle as well.

Calmness and politeness is not necessarily Fe.  Plenty of ISTJs are able to be calm and polite when others disagree with them.  I would go so far as to suggest that it's more likely to be correlated with Fi (see IxTPs with role Fi vs. ExTPs with vulnerable - the former find it much easier to stay calm in a hostile situation, especially INTPs).  Regardless, ESFPs have 4D Fe and are just as capable as ExFJs at utilizing it, but that will more often manifest as warmth or interpersonal connection rather than politeness or calmness.What makes you think it's viewed as a good thing?Sounds like strong but supervised Fe.  I would consider IxFJ.lolIt's at [JungLove.net](http://www.junglove.net). :)Aww, thank you. :)  I have [ENTP vs. INTP](https://junglove.net/type-vs-type-entp-or-intp/) on my website as well.

As an aside, can I ask how you found this post?  I'm surprised I still have so many people who comment about it or message me even today.Let's make this a thing, because I'm curious now. :)

For those of you who've had a parent or caregiver who was ENFJ:

* What are your favorite memories of them in early childhood? as a teenager?
* What was challenging for you as a kid?  As a teenager?
* What is your relationship like with them now?
* What are the best things about having an ENFJ as a parent?
* What are some difficulties inherent in the type - things to be aware of, that are unlikely to change even with effort?  What strategies did/would you employ to deal with these difficulties?
* What are some tips or words of advice or encouragement that you would give to future ENFJ parents - things we can work on or place more emphasis on?**What Are Cognitive Functions?**

There are four functions.  The two judging functions, Thinking and Feeling, allow us to make decisions and prioritize.  The two perceiving function, iNtuition and Sensing, allow us to interpret the world:

* Thinking (T) deals with facts, logic, relationships between objects, and processes
* Feeling (F) deals with ethics, values, relationships between people, and human development
* iNtution (N) deals with the theoretical world: concepts, metaphors, models, and imagination
* Sensing (S) deals with the real world: what is happening or has happened, how we can make an impact on it, and how it makes an impact on us

In addition to that, there are two attitudes: each function can be either extroverted (e) or introverted (i).

So in total, there are eight function-attitudes: Te, Fe, Ne, Se, Ti, Fi, Ni, Si

Extroverted functions observe or make judgments about 'objects' themselves, primarily independent of their relation to other 'objects' over time.  It is helpful to think of extroverted functions as the train of thought "object-subject-object", where the object is 'anything in the world' and the subject is 'the person thinking about it'.  So when someone is using an extroverted function, they perceive or analyse something first: "What is this?"  Then they observe its effect on them: "What do I think about this?"  Then they return to the thing: "What can/should I do with this?"

* Extroverted Thinking (Te) analyses each logistical problem on a case-by-case basis.  It is primarily concerned with getting the job done and figuring out what will work for *this* circumstance.  Te tends to rely more on research, data, and experts in coming to conclusions.
* Extroverted Feeling (Fe) analyses each social situation on a case-by-case basis.  It is primarily concerned with what has the most positive effect on people and figuring out what will work for *this* circumstance.  Fe tends to rely more on the needs, desires, and beliefs of the affected group or individuals (including the subject) in coming to conclusions.
* Extroverted iNtution (Ne) observes and interprets all possible avenues of development springing from a given idea.  It uses one concept as a reference point, and then generates as many pathways from that concept as possible, trying to find every other idea that could be related to it (and then possibly ideas that could be related to those ideas, and so on, branching out).
* Extroverted Sensing (Se) is primarily concerned with the effect the *subject* can have on the *outside world*.  It notices in crisp detail what is happening around it and (in conjunction with Ni, which I will explain in a moment) interprets possible ways that the individual could alter or affect the external world in the present context.

Introverted functions, on the other hand, observe or make judgments not about the objects themselves, but rather about the effects they have on the subject - How does xyz make me feel?  How does it fit into my understanding of the world?  What effect does it have on me?  They strive to make an internally consistent system of beliefs or ideas that are cohesive when taken as a whole.  Introverted functions can be thought of as "subject-object-subject".  First, the individual asks himself "What do I think/feel/believe?"  Then, it looks at something and asks, "What is this?"  Finally, it says, "How can I fit this into my system of ideas, values, etc.?

* Introverted Thinking (Ti) strives to make an internally consistent logical framework through which to interpret the world.  It wants to understand *why* things work, and generate consistent rules that explain cause-and-effect and the structure of systems.  Ti tends to rely more on logic, philosophical arguments, and its own understanding of the "inherent" truth in coming to conclusions.
* Introverted Feeling (Fi) strives to make an internally consistent *ethical* framework through which to interpret the world.  It wants to understand *why* particular choices are good or bad, and generate consistent rules that guide their decisions and determine the individual's place in relation to the rest of the world.  Fi tends to rely more on the subject's conscience, sense of identity, and its own understanding of what is "inherently" good in coming to conclusions.
* Introverted iNution (Ni) seeks the "models of best fit" in interpreting the world, creating and developing general models about the world and interpreting events in conjunction with these beliefs.  It wants to understand what everything *really* means, the implicit connection between disparate events and circumstances, as well as predictions about how things are likely to unfold and develop as time passes.  Because Ni is difficult for many to understand, an example may be helpful - an Ni user may develop the belief that "a stitch in time saves nine", and so (in conjunction with Se) seek out opportunities to solve problems before they develop into something worse.  Additionally, this person may see an issue that has long gone unaddressed and predict "It's going to fall apart," often without knowing the exact belief that underlies this prediction, and then further strengthen this interpretation of the world when their prediction comes true.
* Introverted Sensing (Si) creates and develops beliefs about the world based on their own experiences, what it has observed to be true and consistent over time, and the effects the *outside world* can have on the *subject*.  Then  it(in conjunction with Ne) attempts to prepare itself to be ready to react to future developments based on its database of past experience.

***

**How Do People Use Cognitive Functions?**

All people use all eight cognitive function-attitudes at one point or another, but we have a *preference* for four of them.  Introverted and extroverted functions come in pairs, so you will have one introverted and one extroverted judging function, and the same is true for perceiving functions.  This is because the whole "subject-object-subject" thing is kind of a white lie - in truth, there is no "start" and "end" in how we judge and perceive, but rather a constant feedback loop between the outside world and our inner selves - the extroverted functions provide us access to the outside world, and the introverted functions provide us access to ourselves.

Here are the function pairs and how they work:

* Te + Fi = analyzes each material problem in the world on a case-by-case basis, tries to figure out what will "work" in a system, decides what is acceptable and unacceptable to do based on internally consistent ethical values and self-identity.  ("What is happening in this (impersonal) system?  What is the "right" thing to do?  What do I know about 'the real world'?  Who am I in all this?")
* Fe + Ti = analyzes each interpersonal problem in the world on a case-by-case basis, tries to figure out what will have the best effect on others, decides what is true and false based on internally consistent logical analysis ("What is happening in this (interpersonal) relationship/group?  How does everything fit together?  What do I know about human society?  How can I discover the truth?")
* Ne + Si = perceives multiple possible ideas and developments, learns from past experience, develops strategies and methods to prepare for the future  ("What is possible?  How would that affect me?  How could I respond?  What results can I expect from that?")
* Se + Ni = perceives the external world, sees avenues for the individual to affect and change it, develops beliefs and predictions based on models and metaphors  ("What is really going on?  What does it mean?  What can I accomplish?  How can I do that?")

***

**How the types are labelled**

Recall that T and F are judging (J) functions, and N and S are perceiving (P) functions.  Your main function stack will look like either:

&gt; J
&gt; P
&gt; P
&gt; J

This represents a “judging” dominant.  Their dominant (first) function is either T or F, and their inferior (fourth) function will be the other - so a T-dominant is an F-inferior, and vice versa.  In their second and third positions, they have one of each perceiving function.

&gt; P
&gt; J
&gt; J
&gt; P

This represents a “perceiving” dominant - their dominant function is either N or S, and their inferior function will be the other - so an N-dominant is an S-inferior, and vice versa.  In their second and third positions, they have one of each judging function.

Remember that one function in each pair must be extroverted, and one must be introverted.  So if I’m an Ne-dominant, what is my inferior function?  It must be Si - the opposite perceiving function, with the opposite function attitude (extroverted or introverted).

Additionally, no two adjacent functions can have the same function attitude.  So if my dominant function is extroverted, my second must be introverted, and then my third must be extroverted.  So an Ne-dom could be Ne-Ti-Fe-Si, or it could be Ne-Fi-Te-Si, but never Ne-Te or Ne-Fe.

**important note:** MBTI and socionics are two separate branches of Jungian typology, and they label the types similarly but with one important difference!  On this subreddit, we almost exclusively use the MBTI labelling system.  However, I will also explain the socionics labelling system, so that you can read articles from socionics authors and interpret them correctly.

* In MBTI, all four letters are capitalized: ESFP.  INTJ.  ISFJ.
* The middle two letters in a type name will tell you what a person’s top judging and perceiving function are.  So for example, an ISTP has S (Sensing) and T (Thinking) in their top two slots.
* The last letter tells you which function is *extroverted*.  P means the perceiving function is extroverted; J means the judging function is extroverted.  So for an ISTP, the perceiving function - S - must be extroverted: Se.  Since the perceiving function is extroverted, the judging function - T - must be introverted: Ti.  So we know the top two functions are Se and Ti, but which one is dominant?
* Finally, the first letter in a type's name tells you which function comes first.  An E means the extroverted function comes first.  An I means the introverted function comes first.  So for our ISTP, the introverted function - Ti - must come first.  So we know they are Ti-Se.  This makes them a judging-dominant.  Then we can just fill in the rest.  After Se, they’ll need the other perceiving function in the opposite attitude - Ni.  And then their inferior function will be the other judging function in the opposite attitude - Fe.  So their final function stack is Ti-Se-Ni-Fe.  Notice that this follows the JPPJ model, that each function pair (J functions and P functions) is composed of opposite function attitudes (one i, one e), and that adjacent functions also have opposite function attitudes.

So, let’s use me for an example now - cover the answers and try it out.  I’m an ENFJ.  What are my top judging and perceiving functions?  Which function is extroverted?  Which function comes first?  From there, what is my full function stack?

…

…

…

The answer is: Fe-Ni-Se-Ti.

Let’s briefly address socionics labelling:

* In socionics, the last letter is written lowercase.  So ENFp, or ISTj.
* The middle letters still represent your top two functions.
* This time, however, the last letter represents which function is *dominant*.  So an ENFp is a *perceiving* - N - dominant, and an ISTj is a *judging* - T - dominant.
* The first letter of the type tells you whether the dominant function is introverted or extroverted.  So an ENFp is Ne, and ISTj is Ti.
* In practice, what this means is that MBTI and socionics use the same letters for extroverted types.  An ESTJ is an ESTj, an ESFP is an ESFp.  However, the last letter will flip for introverted types.  An ISFP is an ISFj in socionics, an INTJ is an INTp in socionics.

***

**The fun part: determining your type**

There are so many ways to determine your type!

* Do any of the functions leap out at you?  For example, “I’m definitely a T” or “I’m definitely an S”?  You have to be careful with this way, though - INFPs and INFJs sometimes come across as T types at first glance, for example.
* Perhaps you identify with a specific function-attitude or function pair.  “I definitely know I’m Se-Ni, not Ne-Si.”  This doesn’t necessarily tell you where the functions fall in your stack, but they can narrow down the possible choices.
* There are other ways to group types.  For example, temperament: ExxJs tend to be somewhat bossy and feel a drive to be productive, IxxJs tend to be more passive but also feel the push to get things done, ExxPs tend to seem full of energy and need to keep moving, and IxxPs are little sloths that are mostly happy to lay around all day and need a push to get moving.  ExxJs tend to feel more comfortable talking, and IxxJs feel more comfortable listening.  ExxPs and IxxPs can often go either way.
* You can also group by quadra, which are groups that share all the same functions.  So “alphas” all have Fe/Ti and Ne/Si, just in different orders - that means xNTPs and xSFJs.  They tend to be more lighthearted, imaginative, and “child-like”.  “Betas” all have Fe/Ti and Se/Ni - xNFJs and xSTPs.  They tend to be intense, moody, and “teenager-like”.  “Deltas” all have Te/Fi and Ne/Si - xNFPs and xSTJs.  They tend to be impersonal, productive, and “adult-like”.  Finally, “gammas” all have Te/Fi and Se/Ni - xNTJs and xSFPs.  They tend to be serious, realistic, and “elder-like”.  These are massive overgeneralizations btw, but with a kernel of truth.
* Finally, over time, you can get “vibes” for certain types.  You’ll develop a sense of “what ESFPs are like”, “what INFJs are like”, and so on.  Watch YouTube videos and read books or blog posts written by people of specific types to develop your intuition in these areas.
* Be careful not to rely too much, though, on descriptions or stereotypes.  People of all types can act in any way they want.  We are humans and we have free will.  Despite common myth, xSxJs can be rebellious, xNTxs can be irrational, and so on.  The question is, *why* are they acting that way?  What thought process brought them to that interpretation, decision, or action?  Find the cognitive process, and you can identify the functions that were used.
* Learn more about how people express functions in each position in their stack - valued positions 1-4, as well as unvalued “shadow” positions 5-8.  This is a whole big rabbit hole I don’t have the energy to get into today, but it’s an avenue to start looking down.  Make sure you generally understand each function individually before you start trying to understand how they act in each position, though.  I personally find the work of John Beebe and socionics researchers to be particularly helpful in this arena, though others will disagree with me on that.  [Here](http://www.jungatlanta.com/articles/winter08-evolving-the-eight-function-model.pdf) is a nice long article be Beebe.  Click through [here](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/information_elements/) for some basic socionics descriptions, and [here](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php) for some more advanced and dense stuff.  Keep in mind that socionics also orders the functions differently than MBTI/Beebe do, which is a whole nother pain in the ass.  You can find type descriptions and term breakdowns in this wonderful “translation” [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/2c69ms/socionicsmbti_descriptions_by_functions_intj/) - just click on the type you’re interested in.

***

**If you want help determining your type**, I and others would be happy to assist you.  I created [this questionnaire](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4k1y97/heres_your_semiregular_typing_thread_3/) to help type people, so feel free to post your answers  in that thread, to PM me, or to post them in this thread for assistance.

***

**One final note:** Like everything academic and theoretical, there are multiple viewpoints and perspectives about typology, and **reasonable people can disagree**!  The perspective I've posted above is mine alone, based on my understanding of the material I've encountered.  Even those who agree with me most may have minor quibbles in how I've phrased things; others may call me a total hack with no right to breathe the word "typology" based on how incorrect and misinformed they think I am.  I trust you, dear reader, to take my explanation as merely one of many, and to seek out your own answers and understanding.  There is years of material about the subject, just waiting to be explored.  Perhaps in time you will develop a fresh perspective or new theory that will make critics' heads spin!  Or maybe you'll just come to understand your friends, family, and yourself better, and learn to see the world through another's eyes.  Regardless, I wish you a safe and pleasant journey going forward, and we are all here to answer any questions you may have along the way. :)Just found it today.  I figure it's bound to provoke some interesting reactions.

1. What's your type?
2. What do you think/feel about the video?
3. What do you think/feel about the [lyrics](http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/mileycyrus/bbtalk.html) and concept discussed in the song?
4. Why do you think Miley chose to produce this song and video?

[Give it a whirl.](https://youtu.be/DfwJA0f0UTg)  Somewhat NSFW.They seem random to me.  Also aesthetically.....not to my liking, personally. :P

Can we group them somehow?

For example:

* Alphas - shades of green
* Betas - shades of red
* Deltas - shades of blue
* Gammas - shades of orange

And then by temperament, so:

* ExxJs are dark/saturated
* IxxJs are desaturated (mixed with gray)
* ExxPs are bright/neon
* IxxPs are pale

So as a whole it would be:

* ESFJ - everglade (#204B28)
* ISFJ - bay leaf (#A3D1AC)
* ENTP - malachite (#0BDA51)
* INTP - mint green (#98FF98)
* ENFJ - monarch (#940521)
* INFJ - old rose (#C08081)
* ESTP - scarlet (#940521)
* ISTP - cosmos (#FED2D3)
* ESTJ - blue zodiac (#98FF98)
* ISTJ - logan (#B2AFCF)
* ENFP - royal blue (#4635F3)
* INFP - perano (#A3AFF5)
* ENTJ - rich gold (#A2550B)
* INTJ - whiskey (#D5A06D)
* ESFP - ecstasy (#F58519)
* ISFP - light apricot (#FDD0A5)

These are just my suggestions - I had fun making them :)  Open to other arguments or ideas though~I have to proctor a test today so I need something to keep me entertained!  Here is your semi-regular typing thread~~~

Keep in mind that my analysis is just one person's perspective, and not the definitive Word of God™.  That said, let's get started!

Also, this will take a while to answer - the more thorough your answers, the more accurate analysis I can give you!

***

I'm going to ask you a few questions about yourself try to expand as much on your thought process, initial reactions, mental analysis, emotions, and so on as you can.  **For multi-part questions, make sure you answer each individual question; they're all important.**

1. What makes you respect individuals, groups, or organizations?  List whatever you can think of.

2. What kind of things turn you off about a person, a brand/company, or a particular environment?  What gets under your skin (in a bad way)?

3. How good is your memory for detail?  Specific conversations you've had in the past, little tasks that need to get done, what you were doing the first time you heard a song or tried a food, etc.

4. What do you spend the most time thinking about - the past, the present, the future?  Practical topics, logistical issues, relationships with people, theoretical concepts, issues of morality/ethics?  Do you find yourself fixating on one thing, coming back to it, and trying to figure it out, or are you more prone to meandering through multiple tangentially related topics?  Do you often daydream/space out?  When you do daydream or fantasize, what kind of things do you imagine and think about?

5. Think about a topic or two you're really interested in and like having conversations about.  Do you think you would generally have more fun talking about that topic with an enthusiastic, curious listener who asks you lots of great questions, or do you think you would generally have more fun listening to an interesting, entertaining person talk at length about it and answer your questions enthusiastically?

6. In the last question, what topic(s) were you think about?

7. If someone is doing something that you strongly disagree with, how likely are you to confront them about it?  If you do confront them, how do you usually tend to do it?  How does your answer change depending on your relationship with the person, and whether their actions directly affect you?

8. How interested are you in trying new things - traveling, trying strange and exotic foods, going on roller coasters, jumping out of airplanes, things like that?  Regardless of how interested you are, how *willing* would you be to do those things if someone asked you to?  How often do you actually do things like that?  Give examples.

9. How would other people describe your demeanor?  It may help to ask people you know.  How emotional do you seem to people?  How rational?  Do you tend to be quiet and reserved, or more loud and talkative?  Do you seem to choose your words carefully, or talk stream of consciousness, or do you sometimes think so fast you stumble trying to get all the words out?  Do you tend to finish your sentences, or skip to the next sentence in the middle of the one you're saying, or skip to new topics entirely?  Do you interrupt - if so, when and how often?  How do you feel if someone interrupts you?  How often do you feel like you have so much energy you can't sit still and need to be up and moving?  How hard is it for you to get out of bed in the morning, or get up after relaxing for a long time?

10. We've all had conversations with someone who was 'missing the point'.  Give an example or two, real or imagined, of conversations that would make you feel that way - what is the "point", and how is the other person missing it?

11. How long does it usually take you to realize/decide that you are unhappy with a situation in your life (e.g. job, relationship)?  Do you talks to others to figure out your feelings, or are you more likely to keep it to yourself until you've figured it out?  At what stage would you discuss the issue with the affected parties (boss, S.O.)?  Are you likely to change your mind after announcing your decision?  How difficult are changes like this for you to adapt to?  How often do you experience big changes like this?  Do you feel like these changes are more the result of your own decisions and opinions, or are they more the inevitable result of external circumstances?

12. What are your age, gender, and nationality, if you feel comfortable sharing?

***

For those who'd like to practice typing others, or who want to try to type themselves, I made an [answer key here](http://anoceanofstarlight.tumblr.com/post/143480127937/mbti-questionnaire-answer-key).  It's still under construction - let me know if you have ideas or thoughts about it as well, please!Lately I've run across several comments by Thinkers that both explicitly and by implication devalue the Feeling function to the banal realm of animalistic emotions and unexamined social mores.

I've struggled to articulate exactly what a Feeling "argument" looks like without simply making a Ti analysis of Fe values.  Such is my curse as an ENFJ, I suppose.

I'm been watching with admiration some of the posts by INFPs who engage in deeper Feeling analysis - /u/HonorableJudgeHolden comes to mind, because despite the fact that I vehemently disagree with almost all of their values, I find reading their comments to be a unique pleasure - but it was [this video](https://aeon.co/videos/the-flickering-ray-of-hope-in-the-stark-loneliness-of-edward-hopper-s-nighthawks), an analysis of the painting [Nighthawks](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/Nighthawks_by_Edward_Hopper_1942.jpg/1280px-Nighthawks_by_Edward_Hopper_1942.jpg) by Edward Hopper, that I felt particularly moved by, and wanted to share with you all as an example of the purpose and depth behind the Feeling function.

So I turn it over to you, now: **What are some examples of writing, analysis, or implementations of Feeling judgments that you have particularly enjoyed or benefited from?**  I'm specifically looking for complexity and depth, and not simply intensity of emotion.So this is a very divisive movie - one of those "love it or hate it" types.

I'm interested to see if there's a correlation between functions or dichotomies and those who get a lot out of it, simply enjoy it, simply don't enjoy it, or actively hate it.

What's your type, and how did you feel about it?  And why?

Some [clips](https://youtu.be/9gknGdSZZ4U?list=PLS5A8amxQ0hvTYUTWzF42DJXIvvH-6U5r), for reference.  My favorites are Legal Assassin, Zydrate Anatomy, Chase the Morning, Let the Monster Rise, I Didn't Know I'd Love You So Much, and Genetic Emancipation.[Here's](https://youtu.be/rqsr40EK17k) a link to an interview of her.  I find it strangely hard to type her; partly it may be because she's more mature and integrated than usual, so seeing her when she was young might be helpful.  I feel pretty sure that she's a Sensor though, based on body language, facial expression, and the kind of content she covers and discusses.  Best guess is maybe ISTJ, but I'm really not sure.  What are your thoughts?

As for other journalists, I can list my thoughts for members of TYT:

* Cenk Uygur: ESTP
* Ana Kasparian: ESFP
* Ben Menkowitz: ISTP
* John Iadarola: INxP
* Jimmy Dore: xNTPHey guys!  I've noticed some pretty clear trends about how people from different quadras have been taking these election results online and IRL, and I'd like to see if that holds true for you guys too.

These are fairly personal questions, but it would mean a lot to me if everyone would be as candid as they can.

1. What's your quadra and type?
2. Did you vote?  If so, for whom, and why?  If not, why not?
3. How do you feel right now?  What's been going through your mind?
4. What are your hopes and fears for the future?

For reference, the quadras:

* Alpha (xNTP &amp; xSFJ)
* Beta (xNFJ &amp; xSTP)
* Gamma (xNTJ &amp; xSFP)
* Delta (xNFP &amp; xSTJ)Take [this ten-question spatial reasoning test](https://www.123test.com/spatial-reasoning-test/index.php) and let us know your type and score!  I'm trying to see if there's a correlation between type and spatial reasoning.

When I was young I was TERRIBLE at these, but I just got a 10/10 :O  So it seems it mayyyy be correlated to one of my weaker or unvalued functions.

INTP bf got 9/10 and took way longer :PHey guys, I'm back with an updated list of typing questions based on my continued investigation into typology!

Things to keep in mind:

1. The more honest and detailed your answers are, the more accurate my analysis will be.
2. This is LONG.  Set aside some time to really read and answer the questions thoroughly.
3. Asking people close to you to help you answer these questions can be very helpful.
4. My typings are simply my best guess based on my understanding of the theory and types and should not be taken as the final word.
5. I may not be able to give an explanation for why I typed you a certain way - I have a lot of people to go through and I will answer follow-up questions after I've finished everyone's initial typing.  Thank you for being understanding \^_^

**ETA: The best &amp; fastest way to ensure a correct typing is to send me a video of yourself talking about these questions or anything else!! You can send it via PM if you want it to stay private. :)**

***

**A. Age, gender, and nationality**

**B. What kinds of things do you remember easily?  What kinds of things do you usually forget?**

Examples: 

* details in personal stories
* specific things people said
* information about academic theories
* interesting facts
* sensory information (colors, sounds, etc.)
* plots or characters in fiction
* step-by-step instructions
* tasks to do
* details about people (birthdays, favorite flower, etc.)
* general principles or "life lessons"

**C. What kind of people do you feel most comfortable around?  What kind of people make you feel awkward or uncomfortable?  What kind of people annoy you the most?**

Examples  (Please feel free to expand!):

* amoral
* bossy
* can't compromise
* chaotic
* chill
* confused
* confusing
* constantly changing their mind
* deep
* embarrassing
* emotional
* fake
* friendly
* immature
* loud
* messy
* neat freak
* nitpicking details of what you said
* oblivious
* off in lala land
* outgoing
* quiet
* rational
* rude
* says what people want to hear
* sensitive
* shallow
* shy
* silly
* simple
* sloppy
* smooth
* snobbish
* social chameleon


**D. How do you usually handle interpersonal conflict or confrontation?  How do you *wish* you handled it - what would you change about your usual approach if you wanted to improve?**

Feel free to give examples if it's helpful.

**E. What is your demeanor like?**

Examples:

* How physically expressive are you?
* How talkative are you?  Do you generally prefer to speak or listen?
* When you do speak, how loud or quiet are you?
* How "in the moment" do you tend to be - do you feel engaged with people or events around you, or more removed?
* Do people think of you as more emotional or more rational?
* Are you generally goofier or more serious?
* Do you stumble on your words?  Do you think faster than you speak?  Do you skip around to new topics, or skip to the next sentence?  Or do you speak evenly and carefully?
* Do you often forget what you were going to say?
* How often do you get excited?  How do you act?
* How often do you get bored?  How do you act?
* Are you often fidgety, average, or particularly still?
* Do you find it easy or hard to get moving after a period of rest?
* Do you get antsy?  If so, is it because you just want to "get moving", or is it more about feeling pressure to "be productive"?
* How do you feel about spending a whole day just resting and not being productive at all?  How often do you do that?

**F. What kinds of things do you seem to notice more than most people?  What do you more often seem to miss?**

Think about things you often have to point out to others, and things people tease you about.

**G. Think about your energy, interest level, and skill doing various activities.  What energizes you, relaxes you, bores you, or stresses you out?  What do you do well, okay, or poorly?  What can you do all day, for a while, only in short bursts, or barely at all?  Which of these seem like a waste of time, not just for you but in general?**

Examples:

* Analyzing and improving on complex intellectual theories.
* Analyzing people's behaviors, feelings, intentions, and social roles (e.g. playing an RPG or gossiping).
* Analyzing the lessons or subtle meanings derived from an event or story.
* Being creative and surprising, such as through improvisation, stand-up comedy, making unique art, or writing a story.
* Brainstorming multiple different ideas or possible approaches to a problem.
* Comforting and providing emotional support to people one-on-one.
* Completing tasks using pre-existing knowledge or instructors' expertise (familiar grammar drills, investigating evidence, building own furniture).
* Doing deep personal exploration, perhaps through journaling or art.
* Familiar daily tasks, such as cleaning, cooking, laundry, etc.
* Fighting for a social cause that's very important to you (protesting, writing, volunteering, etc.)
* Figuring out complex problems by looking at examples (new grammar drills, analyzing body language, IKEA furniture).
* Helping people smooth over a conflict.
* Investigating unknown chains of cause and effect.
* Making personal or detailed aesthetic choices (decorating a cake, planning a sibling's birthday party, taking portraits of loved ones).
* Making predictions or guesses about how things or likely to turn out or what will happen next.
* Making widely-appealing, popular aesthetic choices (putting together a fashion show, planning a work/school event, flipping a house).
* Navigating complex systems and rules (bureaucracy, legal code, corporate culture).
* Physical activities that involve reacting quickly to unpredictable situations.
* Physical activities that rely on a lot of practice and repetition to perfect.
* Putting together informative projects.
* Researching and writing reports.
* Solving challenging analytical puzzles.
* Supervising a large group of people and delegating tasks.
* Teaching or explaining things to people.
* Working on a difficult, "unsolvable" problem.I've spent enough time watching them lately that I just thought I'd share with you the ones I've enjoyed long enough to type!  If you're still getting a grasp on visual typing (often referred to as visual identification or VI) as well as just getting to know how the different types speak and behave - or if you're looking to follow people of types you're fond of - this may be useful for you!

Feel free to add your own thoughts or submit any that you'd like to have typed by me. :)

* [Tati](https://youtu.be/zjiaK04HVR8) - ESTJ
* [Kathleen Lights](https://youtu.be/eRtLq8HrCGk) - ESFJ
* [Jen Luvs Reviews](https://youtu.be/-zYBmaV_g38) - ENFP
* [Thataylaa](https://youtu.be/bOEbPi2RAoQ) - ISTP
* [Jessica Braun](https://youtu.be/EdwXQ9BS8L4) - ESTP
* [Stephanie Nicole](https://youtu.be/MS2YNuUNDiU) - INTJ
* [Amanda Steele](https://youtu.be/Aj9TToE4dls) - ENFJ
* [Lisa Eldrige](https://youtu.be/vOusQjg1sgU) - ISFJ
* [Christen Dominique](https://youtu.be/OZ_H5Fmn7Rg) - ESFP
* [Thrift Thick](https://youtu.be/hPm2m_VeQjY) - ENTP
* [albinwonderland](https://youtu.be/zJC45bA7rUE) (beauty/fashion/lifestyle) - INFP
* [Lily Marston and Joslyn Davis](https://youtu.be/lkOwZ_rRo_Q) (Clevver Style - beauty/fashion/lifestyle) - both ENFP

Ones I like but am still not sure about:

* [Allana Davison](https://youtu.be/rcyLARMqMBc) - Leaning IxFx
* [Estee Lalonde](https://youtu.be/xrr2gwi2vvU) - Probably ExxJ, leaning ESTJ
* [easyNeon](https://youtu.be/HNA28jAjZ3k) - Probably IxxJ, leaning INFJ or ISTJ
* [Meghan Rienks](https://youtu.be/uUOF1UnKFFo) (Clevver Style - left) - IxFP, leaning ISFP

Non-beauty YouTubers I follow:

* [Cenk Uygur](https://youtu.be/0DUM-7h1AlY) (TYT news/politics) - ESTP
* [Ana Kasparian](https://youtu.be/76Ukwk-tc60) (TYT) - ESFP
* [Jimmy Dore](https://youtu.be/siCwTSrtmxw) (TYT) - ENTP
* [John Iadarola](https://youtu.be/baBaL9SG1zk) (TYT) - INFP
* [Ben Mankiewicz](https://youtu.be/q2dseZrtCJo) (TYT - on left) - ISTP
* [Ariel Bissett](https://youtu.be/gD3JpsBSZYY) (book reviewer) - ENTP
* [Caspian Report](https://youtu.be/LgrscEZ7aCM) (geopolitics) - INTP
* [Nerdwriter](https://youtu.be/ufdvYrTeTuU) (culture/current events) - INFP
* [HarshlyCritical](https://youtu.be/F3SwyKrPGoQ) (horror games) - ISTP
* [Laci Green](https://youtu.be/S33oPN-ej7g) (sex ed/feminism) - ENFJ
* [Lucy's Corsetry](https://youtu.be/kcC8lH-b23M) (corsets) - IxTJ, leaning ISTJ
* [Community Channel](https://youtu.be/DmGeKm9EMPo) (comedy) - ENTPA lot of people have asked me for a visual typing guide, so I thought I'd point you [here](http://random-esfp.tumblr.com/post/156274657592/cognitive-functions-and-smiles) as a good first primer, with smiles!  I've also wanted to do an eye contact/gaze primer, so if you'd be interested in that, let me know and I'll film one for you. :)

I can't vouch for their typing of the individual celebrities since I don't know any of them, but I can say for sure that several of them are definitely right and none of them seem obviously wrong.

Additionally, every description they include is spot on.  The only one I would add to is Si-doms, since ISFJs smile a *lot* more than ISTJs do.  I still think "engagement" matches well, but the whole "I'm only smiling because it's my genuine feeling" description has a lot more to do with vulnerable Fe than it does with being Si-dom.

(PS - the original content on that Tumblr is almost always top notch, but they reblog a lot of crappy, wrong mbti stuff, so keep that in mind if you decide to explore further)Hey guys!  I finally got around to making a [visual identification video focusing specifically on the eyes](https://youtu.be/tSuLsxniqI4)!  Complete with explanations, video examples, and my....adorable...attempts at impersonating the functions.  I put a lot of work into this so I really hope you like it! :)Alright so after months of struggling to understand, I've finally had a breakthrough on subtypes and decided to share!

**Important notes:**

* This is *moderate to advanced* typology theory.  If you don't understand the basics about functions, the eight-function models, and socionics; if you don't know your own type; or if you struggle to consistently type other people, this information will probably be more confusing than helpful.  In that case I suggest bookmarking it and coming back later.
* Subtypes are different than types in that *subtypes can change over the course of a person's life*.  If you aren't aware that types themselves can't change, please see the previous bullet point. ;)  I'll discuss subtype change more below.
* I'm more than happy to answer any and all questions about subtypes and subtype theory; however, if you want to dispute the validity of the theory or my explanation of it, you're welcome to do so but I am unlikely to respond (especially if you don't seem to have done much independent research).  It took me a lot of work and effort to understand the theory and see how it's true in my own life and I don't have enough Te to do that work for anyone else (providing sources or experimental data, etc.).  Basically: accept or reject according to your own judgments and experience and don't ask me to do it for you.

Now that that's out of the way, let's dive in!

**What is a subtype?**

A subtype is a combination of functional **fixations** and **emphases** that arise in response to a person's social and environmental context.  There are four subtypes: Dominant, Normalizing, Creative, and Harmonizing.  You can think of each as a 'role' people play in their lives, to balance out a group and serve a necessary social and practical purpose.

**What determines your subtype?**

* the needs of the groups you belong to (family dynamics, community, school, work, etc.)
* life experiences and personal goals (e.g. traumatic or transformative experiences, value systems, religion, physical or emotional needs)
* intimate relationships (romantic partners, parents, very close business/enterprise/research partners, etc.)

Although we are resistant to it, subtypes can change over the course of our lives, and it's even possible to be each subtype at some point.  However, for that to happen, it requires either a total change of scenery (e.g. breaking up, quitting your job, and moving across the country) or a very traumatic or transformative experience (e.g. going through a severe long-term illness, spending a year in India and undergoing spiritual enlightenment, etc.)  Because our subtypes are in large part determined by our social groups, intimate relations, life roles (e.g. being a teacher or a mother), and personal experiences, it takes quite a big shock to break us out of the inertia of a particular subtype.  My guess would be that most people might only change once or twice in their lives - e.g. after moving out of their parents' house and becoming an adult, or after getting a divorce or the death of a spouse, etc.  Of course there must also be many people who never change their subtypes throughout the course of their life - without much external or internal pressure, there may not be any need to do so.

**What are the four subtypes?**

* **Dominant** subtypes look for problems or opportunities in the outside world and seek to act in a way that allows them to realize their goals.  You can think of them as *imposing their will on the world*.
* **Normalizing** subtypes look for rules and expectations in the outside world and seek to adjust themselves to match these expectations.  You can think of them as *adapting themselves to the world's rules*.
* **Creative** subtypes seek independence and freedom in expression and creation.  You can think of them as striving for individualism and uniqueness.
* **Harmonizing** subtypes seek connection and transcendence of the individual limitations.  You can think of them as striving for collectivism and harmony.

Note that Dominant and Normalizing subtypes tend to attract and complement each other, as do Creative and Harmonizing subtypes.  In long-term intimate relations, for example, the couple is likely to end up each taking on one of these roles, even if that's not how they started out.

**Wait, this seems a lot like temperament (ExxJ, IxxP, and so on).**

You can think of each subtype as roughly corresponding to a particular temperament:
 
* Dominant corresponds to ExxJ.
* Normalizing corresponds to IxxP.
* Creative corresponds to ExxP.
* Harmonizing corresponds to IxxJ.

The important thing to note is that *any* type can belong to *any* subtype, and in fact, they do.  What the subtypes do is bring out (or suppress) the elements of a type seen as most archetypical of that type.  So a Dominant ESTJ will seem HYPER ESTJ and will be very easy to type.  A Dominant or Creative ENFP will seem particularly extroverted for their type (with the Creative ENFP in particular seeming HYPER ENFP and very easy to type).  A Harmonizing ISFJ seems extremely ISFJ, a normalizing or harmonizing INTP seems particularly introverted for their type, and so on.

Conversely, an ESTJ who is not Dominant may seem to display some traits that make typing them more difficult.  A Normalizing or Harmonizing ENFP will seem particularly introverted for their type.  A Dominant or Normalizing or Creative ISFJ may not seem super ISFJ at first glance, and a Dominant or Creative INTP may be mistaken for an ENTP or other extrovert at first glance.

That said, temperaments still hold the majority of the weight - a Dominant ENFJ will seem much more ExxJ than a Dominant ISFP.  Even a normalizing ENFJ, for example, is likely - in aggregate - to seem more ExxJ than a Dominant ISFP, but there might be moments or situations where it's somewhat unclear.

This is why subtypes can make typing people more challenging, and also why people of the same type can seem very different from each other.

**Subtype Component: Fixation**

There are two factors that determine a subtype, fixation and emphasis.  As we will see, however, they are actually connected.

The first is fixation.  Personally I dislike that term as I think it can be ambiguous, so I prefer to think of it as *crystallization*.  Each subtype represents a pair of function attitudes that has been *crystallized* - molded to be very particular, rigid, inflexible, and personalized for the individual.  You can think of it in terms of Freudian fixation as well - they represent a kind of "obsession" or "ideal state" that the individual strives toward.  Note that, despite the connotations of the terms, this is not necessarily a bad thing - it can (and does) also represent a source of strength, a purity of ideals, etc. for the individual.

**Dominant** subtypes are fixated on Fe and Te.  This is why they roughly correspond to ExxJs, the types who have those as their dominant functions.  Dominant subtypes have very clear and individualistic methods of using Fe and Te - strong ideas about their purpose and value.  Dominant ExFx types will have very strong, crystallized Fe and very suppressed Te (for their type); Dominant ExTx types will have very strong, crystallized Te and very suppressed Fe (for their type).  All introverted Dominant types will have particular, rigid Te and Fe but use them both in a fairly normal distribution for their type.  The reason for this will become apparent when we discuss Emphasis in the next section.  Additionally, all Dominants will seem more extraverted than others of their type.

**Normalizing** subtypes are fixated on Fi and Ti.  This is why they roughly correspond to IxxPs, the types who have those as their dominant functions.  Normalizing subtypes have very clear and individualistic methods of using Fi and Ti - strong ideas about their purpose and value.  Normalizing IxTx types will display a much stronger and more rigid Fi and less Ti than is typical of their types; Normalizing IxFx types will display much a much stronger and more rigid Ti and less Fi than is typical of their types.  All extraverted Normalizing types will have particular, rigid Fi and Ti but use them both in a fairly normal distribution for their type.  Additionally, all Normalizers will seem more introverted than others of their type.

**Creative** subtypes are fixated on Ne and Se.  This is why they roughly correspond to ExxPs, the types who have those as their dominant functions.  Creative subtypes have very clear and individualistic methods of using Ne and Se - strong ideas about their purpose and value.  Creative INxP and ISxJ types will display a much stronger and more rigid Ne and an even more suppressed Se than is typical of their types; Creative ISxP and INxJ types will display a much stronger and more rigid Se and an even more suppressed Ne than is typical of their types.  All extraverted Creative types will have particular, rigid Ne and Se but use them both in a fairly normal distribution for their type.  Additionally, all Creatives will seem more extraverted than others of their type.

**Harmonizing** subtypes are fixated on Ni and Si.  This is why they roughly correspond to IxxJs, the types who have those as their dominant functions.  Harmonizing subtypes have very clear and individualistic methods of using Ni and Si - strong ideas about their purpose and value.  Harmonizing ENxx will display a much stronger and more rigid Ni and a much weaker and more ignored Si than is typical of their types; Harmonizing ESxx will display a much stronger and more rigid Si and and much weaker and more ignored Ni than is typical of their types.  All introverted Harmonizing types will have particular, rigid Ni and Si but use them both in a fairly normal distribution for their type.  Additionally, all Harmonizers will seem more introverted than others of their type.

Recap of subtypes and their fixations (or 'crystallized' function attitudes):

* Dominant - Fe and Te
* Normalizing - Fi and Ti
* Creative - Ne and Se
* Harmonizing - Ni and Si

**Subtype Component: Emphasis**

You can think of the fixations as *determinative* for subtype.  Basically, if you're fixated on Fe and/or Te, that's the *reason* you're a Dominant subtype.

In contrast, you can think of emphases as *resulting* from your subtype.

Emphasized functions are the ones we choose to use more often than others of our same type but different subtype.  It is not necessarily that we have strong ideas about *how* or *why* they should be used, the way we do with our fixations, but rather that using them is the most effective *means to an end*.  To reiterate, you might think of our emphasized functions as the *means* and the fixated function attitudes as the *end*.

* **Dominant** subtypes seek to impose their will on the world, so they emphasize their dominant and demonstrative functions, which are their strongest and most ego-aligned functions.  This is why Dominant extroverts are specialized - they have either Te or Fe as a dominant or demonstrative function, so they view that function attitude as both a means *and* an end.  A Dominant INTP, for contrast, would use Ti and Ni (their dominant and demonstrative functions) more, but with both Te and Fe goals in mind.
* **Normalizing** subtypes seek to analyze and adapt themselves to the world, so they emphasize their tertiary and role functions, which are their most receptive and context-dependent functions
* **Creative** subtypes seek to express themselves the most freely (most individualistic), so they emphasize their auxiliary and inferior functions, which are their most flexible and original functions.
* **Harmonizing** subtypes seek to connect with others and transcend their individual limitations (most universal/collective), so they emphasize their ignoring and vulnerable functions, which are their most 'unspoiled' (unmanipulated/unconscious) and ego-detached functions.

Recap of subtypes and their emphases (or 'most used' function slots):

* Dominant - dominant and demonstrative
* Normalizing - tertiary and role
* Creative - auxiliary and inferior
* Harmonizing - ignoring and vulnerable

**How to determine subtype**

You must compare yourself (or the subject) to *other people of the same type* and, ideally, of the same subculture.  It's a lot more useful to compare two Millennial American ESFJ sorority girls and try to determine their subtype than to try to compare one of them to an old Vietnamese rice farmer ESFJ, for example.

So, let's imagine I'm trying to find the subtype of a particular ESTP.  Does he seem to have a lot stronger and more fixed ideas about Fi and Ti than most ESTPs?  Meaning, does he have stronger ideas about what's "right" and what "makes sense"?  Additionally, does he seem extra gregarious and a little bit more goofy than the average ESTP (emphasized Fe and Ne)?  Then he's probably Normalizing.  He'll still clearly use Fe like a tertiary function - he won't magically become xxFJ.  Also, he will continue to have an Se agenda - he will still find more fulfillment in tangible, real-world results rather than just unraveling a theory by itself, for example.  But he's going to be much more invested in whether those tangible results are based on sound moral or logical reasoning than ESTPs of other subtypes might be.


***

I hope this info dump will be useful to all of you!  As I said, I will be happy to answer any questions **about the theory itself**, to the best of my knowledge!  Again, I unfortunately cannot provide any meta-information about its validity or any personal analysis (I struggle enough to find people's MBTI types via text!)  For further reading, I'd like to direct you to Victor Gulenko's [Descriptions of the DCNH Subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/218-Gulenko-s-Descriptions-of-the-DCNH-Subtypes).  Have a wonderful day, loves!Let's assume you've narrowed someone down to either ISFP or INFP and you want to go that extra step to determining their type.

*Socionics* is the Russian/Eastern European branch of Jungian typology that gives us a loooot of insight into how two seemingly similar types can differ greatly.  One of the best ways to do that is through *dichotomies*, or groups of two categories in which each type can be placed.  I won't go into too much detail into how the dichotomies are determined or defined here, other than to tell you how they can help in differentiating these two types.

Please note that this masterpost relies heavily on information from [Sociotype](http://www.sociotype.com/), interspersed with a bunch of my own observations, thoughts, and research.  You do not need to know anything more advanced than basic MBTI to understand the bulk of this post.  However, if you want to do additional research on these topics, it's imperative that you understand both [the cognitive functions](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/48x9m8/my_analysis_of_functions/) and [how the field of socionics labels types](http://www.socionics.com/articles/howto.htm) differently from MBTI.  I will be using the standard, familiar MBTI labels in this post.

Alright, so let's get started!  How can I tell the difference between an ISFP and an INFP?

**Result vs. Process**

Result types: INTP, ISFP, ESFJ, ENTJ, ESTP, ENFP, INFJ, ISTJ

Process types: INFP, ISTP, ESTJ, ENFJ, ESFP, ENTP, INTJ, ISFJ

*ISFPs (result):*

* Do things in an unpredictable order, seeming (to process types) to do them from the end to the beginning
* Detached from process and tend toward multitasking
* Most focused at the beginning and end of a task
* Find it hard to start a task that they know they don't have the time, energy, or interest to complete right away
* More motivated by targets or goals - spending a certain number of hours a week doing something or meeting a certain deadline
* More inclined to read texts on books or computer randomly, maybe reading random paragraphs or chapters (may or may not digest it thoroughly - the important part is that the sequence is often out of order)
* Prefers being given necessary information and goals and figuring out the steps by themselves
* "Of course we followed the correct procedure, since we got the right answer/a good result."

*INFPs (process):*

* Do things sequentially, from the beginning to the end
* Feel like there's a "right" way to do any particular task, such as preparing dinner, and get confused or distracted if the steps go out of sequence
* Immersed to a process and tend toward single-tasking, or completing steps in a predictable pattern *(e.g. I am a process type and I "multi-task" by studying one section of a textbook, and then cleaning up ten objects, and then reading one Reddit thread, and then playing one level of a Flash game, and then starting over and studying one section of the textbook, and so on)*
* Most focused in the middle of a task
* Find it hard to start over when interrupted
* More motivated by "to-do" checklists - checking off each task as it's completed
* More inclined to read text on books or the computer from beginning to the end (may or may not involve skimming - the important part is that it's mostly sequential)
* Prefers following step-by-step instructions
* "Of course the answer is right/result is good - we followed the correct procedure."

**Quadras**

ISFPs are gammas (xSFP &amp; xNTJ), INFPs are deltas (xNFP &amp; xSTJ).  This refers to their valued functions - both value Te-Fi, but ISFPs value Se-Ni and INFPs value Si-Ne.  Some implications:

*ISFPs (gammas):*

* take a hard-line approach regarding ethical principles and the punishment, even revenge, on those who break them
* place high value on personal loyalty, once they feel a close relationship has been established
* like to discuss personal relationships in a realistic manner and are skeptical that "jerks" can ever become "nice people", for instance
* don't see much point in deeply analyzing ideas that they see as having little practical application or connection to reality
* more inclined to speculate and discuss possible developments of present circumstances, or how these came about, than to speculate or analyze alternative scenarios or possibilities

*ISFPs in Groups*

* laughter and very obvious displays of emotion are subdued
* there is a lot of smiling and amusement with ironic and witty remarks
* when serious subjects or not very happy personal experiences are discussed, a serious demeanour
* prefer quite small groups
* prefer discussions focused on exchange of information and ideas on subjects of mutual interest, discussing and planning activities together, or on personal experiences
* personal experiences usually discussed not with the purpose of making people laugh or to boast one's position, but to get an insight into the lessons to be drawn from such experiences
* dislike being "drawn" into larger groups where loud exchanges of jokes and quick shifting of one subject to the other are the norm, as in a large dinner table in an informal environment, especially if the group is also somewhat "artificial" as in work colleagues or business partners where personal relationships weren't really spontaneously formed
* will tend to focus on the persons sitting immediately near them in order to engage them in more individual conversations or will tend to remain mostly silent, not really participating in the group atmosphere, making the impression of being "introverts" in the everyday meaning of the term.
* tends to be somewhat wary for some time of "newcomers", being neither exclusive nor inclusive on purpose
* conversations often focus on trends regarding material and yet personal issues, such as career prospects and developments, success or failure of financial investments and enterprises, and the future prospects of romantic relationships, as well as the reasons for the failure of past ones
* in more light-hearted moments, such talks get a "bawdy" flavor with some slight teasing
* other subjects tend to focus on internal work politics from the point of view of how it jeopardizes general efficiency, the nonsense of bureaucracy, and how to be better than competitors.

*ISFPs in Romance*

* usually have little time for "romance" in the "wooing" meaning of the term
* relationships tend to develop rather as the meeting of two individuals interested in a relationship and each other
* elements of "courtship" or "romance" are seen as rituals with less meaning than the feelings involved
* relationships and friendships usually develop from exchanges of information, ideas, personal experiences of special significance, and mutual help, proceeding to activities together.
* tend to focus on the longer-term prospects of the relationship in terms of definition, i.e. even if it's a temporary relationship, this should be fairly clear, at least in their mind, from the beginning
* generally impatient with flirting for flirting's sake or for fun
* approaches and moves are made with a purpose, which may be altered down the road
* assume that sexual innuendo and approaches are backed by some sort of emotional attachment
* once a relationship is established as being romantic, interactions focus on physical and somewhat tough interplay and innuendo
* playful power-games, focusing on intensity of interactions and feelings

*Less obvious/noticeable but still important distinctions about ISFPs:*

* take a longer-term view regarding efficiency and profitability, giving lower priority to the short term
* aim at the broader benefits of decisions, rather than only at those affecting themselves
* have an inclination for self-sacrifice
* like to talk about where present trends are leading in terms of potentially profitable events and undertakings
* give more value to ideas and concepts that are firmly connected to factual information
* only take groups seriously that perform some common productive activity or discuss serious topics
* reject the idea that it's best to avoid confrontations so as not to spoil the mood of those present
* prefer directness in settling or at least discussing disagreements *(in ISFPs this is often in a very gentle, kind, but honest and direct way - they are unlikely to be passive aggressive)*
* have difficulty relating to emotional atmospheres connected to "special dates" such as public holidays *(ISFPs mainly treat holidays as a chance to be ~aesthetic~ or to do something nice for people they love, and don't feel a particularly strong sense of festivity themselves)*

*ISFP Perspectives on Others:*

* Magnetic attraction to ENTJs; also interested in and attracted to ESTJs
* very comfortable with most xNTJs and xSFPs
* see xSFJs and xNTPs as creative, generally well-meaning, and friendly and pleasant people, especially as a group, as a first impression. Later, tend to see them as lacking ambition in the longer term, overly concerned with sensorial pleasure and comfort, and overly demanding of, and sensitive to, external emotional expression without making much effort to focus on deeper feelings involved
* see xNFJs and xSTPs as driven, ambitious people with a sense of purpose and who can get things done, usually with very strong views, as in political issues or ways of approaching work.  ISFPs tend to see this as not backed by sufficient factual confirmation and therefore too ideological. They also may regard such people as two-faced when bent on achieving a goal, and too concerned with their social status, and that of others, within any given social group
* see xSTJs and xNFPs as kindly, well-meaning and creative people, but perhaps too present-focused and lacking ambition with a longer-term perspective, as well as being overly welcoming and forgiving of people whom ISFPs may regard as undeserving

*INFPs (deltas):*

* love to share personal experience mixed with their own sentiments regarding their experiences, but all in an insightful and non-dramatic manner
* like to talk about new beginnings, opportunities for personal growth, and their plans and prospects for the future
* don't fare well in high-pressure situations where they are being forced to do things, are facing threatening opponents, or are submitted to rigorous discipline
* wear out quickly and look for a more peaceful and welcoming environment

*INFPs in Groups*

* focused on working on projects, enjoying physical recreation, or finding out interesting things about each other
* laughter is usually subdued and brief
* smile a lot and try to be witty and welcoming
* groups need to be focused on some specific productive activity or topic of discussion, or else they fall apart
* a lot of splintering and decentralization
* more focused and productive interaction with only those who share their particular interests or sentiments
* jump from small group to small group easily to keep up their interest level
* no demands that the entire group listen to one person or that everyone do the same thing
* believe that if everyone just pursues their own interests and makes some accommodations for others, the group will be better off anyway
* don't focus on building group identity or unity of purpose, but prefer for the group to remain splintered and decentralized

*INFPs in Romance*

* relationships usually begin simply as the encounter of two individuals interested in a relationship and each other in a particular moment
* very little in terms of outward demonstrations of "romance" in the "wooing" sense of the term or in strong external demonstrations of emotions
* more focused on the present moment
* even relationships of very strong attachment do not lead to constant concerns as to their longer-term practical feasibility
* see as optimal romantic relationships those where partners spend time together on fun activities and sharing ideas of potential practical application
* romantic atmospheres are low-key, based on comfort but practicality

*Less obvious/noticeable but still important distinctions about INFPs:*

* make a point of talking about the rationale behind their actions and emphasizing the productiveness or unproductiveness of different ways of doing things - even in such emotional areas as personal relationships.
* value peaceful, refreshing activities where they are doing something useful and balancing out their inner world at the same time
* have the philosophy that they will have to rely on their own industriousness to achieve their goals rather than on luck, speculation, group effort, or strong leadership.
* rarely display their deep passions and vision, preferring instead to talk in more neutral terms about what they want to do and why
* reject dramatism and emotional affect in favor of wry humor and understatement
* only take groups seriously that perform some common productive or restful activity
* generally dislike using poetic wording when describing their inner state
* talk simply about what they feel or their bodily sensations

*INFP Perspectives on Others:*

* Magnetic attraction to ESTJs; also interested in and attracted to ENTJs
* very comfortable with most xSTJs and xNFPs
* see xSFJs and xNTPs as fun company and interesting people to discuss ideas and prospects with, but naive and inconsistent in their personal and business relationships. They see them as lacking the common sense to turn their fun and creative energy into something productive and often seem overly idealistic
* see xNFJs and xSTPs as people who "dream big" and always want to turn things into grandiose endeavors, yet can't manage day-to-day affairs effectively. Also, they see them as unwilling to consider things from the point of view of others, which gives them a streak of meanness and cruelty
* see xNTJs and xSFPs as driven and reliable in personal and business relationships, but not sufficiently understanding of people who want to pursue their own individual path in life. They think these people sometimes become too demanding and can have a streak of vindictiveness or spitefulness which prevents them from being accepting and forgiving

**Decisive vs. Judicious**

This refers to whether a type values Se-Ni (xSxP and xNxJ) or Si-Ne (xSxJ and xNxP).  ISFPs are decisive, INFPs are judicious

*ISFPs (decisive):*

* natural state is readiness
* work best if they are able to start mobilizing in preparation for what they must do
* easily go from 'relaxed' to 'mobilized', but not from 'mobilized' to 'relaxed'
* may need external stimuli (like a movie) to relax
* tend to perform an entire task at once, and to maintain their internal 'readiness' between tasks
* become aware of their own mobilization at its maximum state (e.g., when it is time for action)
* often poorly aware of when the mobilization firsts manifests; e.g., when they first start considering an action.
* focus and place the most importance on taking action
* preparation is considered implicit and given less attention
* more aware of when they are relaxed than when they are mobilized
* "I will not get stuck in the process of consideration; it always ends in a decision being made."

*INFPs (judicious):*

* natural state is relaxed
* work best when they can relax beforehand
* are mobilized only for the duration necessary
* have an easy time going from 'mobilized' to 'relaxed', but not from 'relaxed' to 'mobilized'
* may need external stimuli to become mobilized.
* tend to divide up matters into smaller stages during which they are mobilized, relaxing between each stage
* become aware of their own mobilization as soon as it manifests, i.e. as soon as they start considering an action
* often poorly aware of the periods of maximal mobilization, i.e. the time of action.
* focus and place the most importance on the preparatory stage
* the 'action' stages are considered implicit and given less attention.
* consider their working conditions (e.g., comfort, freedom, and convenience) more important than the possible results and rewards (e.g., how much they are paid)
* more aware of when they are mobilized than when they are relaxed
* "Consideration is very nice, that time during which you still don't have to make a decision. It's even better when it isn't necessary to do anything afterwards."

**Democratic vs. Aristocratic**

xSFx and xNTx are democratic; xNFx and xSTx are aristocratic.  So ISFPs are democratic and INFPs are aristocratic.

*ISFPs (democratic):*

* perceive and define themselves and others primarily through individual/personal qualities: interesting, pleasant, unpleasant, good-looking, etc, not in connection to any group they may belong to
* form their relationships/attitudes toward other people based on the latter's own individual characteristics, not with base on their relationships to groups of any kind, nor on their relationships to representatives of such groups
* not inclined to perceive their acquaintances as representatives of a certain "circle of contacts" that possesses qualities inherent to people of that circle
* rarely use expressions that generalize group features

*INFPs (aristocratic):*

* perceive and define themselves, and others, through groups they belong to; however, such groups are perceived and defined by the Aristocrats themselves, not necessarily accepting those groupings as defined by others or by social conventions
* their initial attitude to another person is influenced by their attitude to the group they see the person as belonging to
* tend to attribute common qualities to members of their circles of contacts, and define such circles by those same qualities
* often use expressions that generalize group features

Note: You will notice that xNFPs are muuuuch more likely to be either SJW or vehemently anti-SJW (more falling in the former camp), for instance.  The same is true for xSTPs, who are also aristocratic, more falling in the latter camp.  xSFPs and xNTPs tend to stay out of those camp vs. camp debates and actively try to combat efforts to categorize people in those terms.  It's a bit more complex for Js since they have Ji (Ti or Fi) lower in the stack and so don't form their ego around these kind of judgments quite as much.

**Sensing vs. Intuitive**

I'm sure you know this dichotomy. :)

*ISFPs (sensing):*

* more realistic and down to earth *(note that this doesn't imply practicality necessarily - ISFPs are often wildly impractical and poor at predicting how well something will turn out or the consequences of their actions.  It's just that their impractical fantasies revolve around things like rollerskating everywhere instead of driving a car, being a pop star, or moving to another country to marry a foreign lover - things that could actually happen in the real world.)*
* notice details more than than the big picture
* more focused on their surroundings, living in the here and now
* more naturally comfortable with physical confrontations *(note that this doesn't mean they seek out confrontation - INFPs are often much more confrontational than ISFPs in certain circumstances, although both types generally prefer to avoid it.  It just means that they handle it better and see it through to the end, whereas an xNFP is more likely to run away or quickly de-escalate.)*
* often more interested in practice than in theory

*INFPs (intuitive):*

* more idealistic and head-in-the-clouds *(specifically, fantasizing about things that are quite unlikely to really happen, like hanging out with aliens, flying on a pegasus, or using a time machine to visit medieval England)*
* notice the big picture more than the details
* more focused on ideas than on surroundings
* less naturally comfortable with physical confrontations
* often more interested in theory than in practice

I feel that people often over-rely on and misapply this dichotomy, which is why I've added so many notes.  In many ways, because of the type of Te that they use and the strength of their Ni, INFPs are often much more *practical* than ISFPs - in the sense that they set more realistic goals and act more 'grounded' - and this seems confuses people.  I think because the word 'realistic' has multiple connotations.  When deciding sensor vs. intuitive, we shouldn't necessarily think in terms of practical/hands-on vs. imaginative/lazy lol.  Rather, for IxxPs in particular, it's useful to think about whether the person daydreams about things that could really happen (no matter how unlikely) or things that could not really happen (or belong to the distant sci-fi future at least).  In particular I'd like to note that ISFPs are often very interested in philosophy, literature, and bizarre/strange images (they really like [weird](http://aetn-uk-history.s3.amazonaws.com/topics-images/blobfish-weird.jpg), [ugly](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/dkrAujeDoIw/hqdefault.jpg), [creepy](http://media.galaxant.com/000/150/972/desktop-1427469506.jpg) things imo lol)

**Tactical vs. Strategic**

This is an under-researched dichotomy that we're still studying.  However, ISxP, ESxJ, ENxP, and INxJ are tactical, and INxP, ENxJ, ESxP, and ISxJ are strategic.

*ISFPs (tactical):*

* focus on methods, and manipulate them, with goals unsettled
* goals are defined by, and modified to fit methods
* prefers to expand options
* doesn't like to have too few of them

*INFPs (strategic):*

* focus on goals, and manipulate them, with methods unsettled
* methods are defined by and modified to fit goals
* prefers to defend goals
* doesn't like to be forced to deviate from them

*Some of these descriptions sound a bit like process vs. result, but don't be confused - a process tactical type will determine each next step as they come, a process strategic type will lay out the process in advance, a result tactical type will respond to issues holistically as they arise without necessarily having an end goal, and a result strategic type has an end goal but is flexible in how they respond to it.  Again, we are still working on this dichotomy and there's a lot I'd add if I hadn't already spent like two hours on this lol.*

**Negativist vs. Positivist**

Another under-researched dichotomy.  Negativists are INTx, ISFx, ESTx, and ENFx.  Positivists are INFx, ISTx, ESFx, and ENTx.

*ISFPs (negativist):* 

* solve problems in systems of things and processes
* "This glass is half-empty"; "We need $62,000 for that project."
* usually more reprimanding than complimenting  *(this is usually a mostly or entirely internal process in introverts - ISFPs give compliments a lot)*
* socially and intellectually more mistrusting
* explain how things *shouldn't* be

*INFPs (positivist):*

* optimize already functional systems of things and processes
* "This glass is half-full"; "We have already collected $438,000 for that project."
* usually more complimenting than reprimanding (again, this an internal process in introverts - INFPs often critique things)
* socially and intellectually more trusting
* explain how things *should* be

**Carefree vs. Farsighted**

One more dichotomy that needs more research.  Carefrees are ISxx and ENxx.  Farsighteds are INxx and ESxx.

*ISFPs (carefree):*

* solve problems by primarily using that information which is 'at hand'
* solutions are likely to be particular to that situation
* The search for the solution is implied in the answer. *(I have no idea what this means, but maybe it will be useful for you.)*
* "You cannot prepare for everything."

*INFPs (farsighted):*

* solve problems by primarily using that information which they possess through knowledge and experience
* their solutions are likely to be of a general nature
* The search for the solution is explicit in the answer.
* "It is best to prepare in advance."

**Asking vs. Declaring**

Finally, my favorite!!!  I've been doing a lot of work in this area over the past few months and I find it an incredibly interesting dichotomy.  It also needs more formalized research, but don't worry, I've got you covered, boo. ;)  Asking is xNTP, xSTJ, xNFJ, xSFP.  Declaring is xSTP, xNTJ, xSFJ, xNFP.

*ISFPs (asking):*

* tendency to dialogue
* much of what they say seems more question-like, even statements
* always, as the other person talks, affirm the receipt of information with yeah, mhm, etc.
* can talk to an audience as a whole very well
* start talking at times expecting someone to get interested and start paying attention
* has a tendency to interrupt and feels comfortable pausing half-way on the speech and with "questions allowed all the time" way, returning to what was said later if necessary
* quite often asks a non-rhetorical question and answers it themself
* often just asks questions to fill in time, without serious need to actually find the information asked

*my research*

* requested criticism or praise is mostly ignored or discarded; most effective criticism or praise is that which is offered unsolicited
* performs tasks in steady streams and passively accepts &amp; collects external judgments in "piles", which they refer to later in judging their value or success (self-evaluation and self-esteem are more stable/difficult to change and are an accumulation of collected data)
* askers judge their value and worth mainly in terms of verbal feedback - specifically for ISFPs, the most fulfilling feedback generally comes in the form of praise and being told they're "good"
* ISFPs often focus on easier-to-achieve or lower stakes feedback, such as being vindicated and told they were "right", but are less comforted or motivated by such feedback
* ISFPs are most discouraged and hurt by other people's judgment or disgust.  This is also how they tend to express disapproval toward others.
* I still haven't come up with the perfect way to word this insight theoretically, so please forgive me, I know it sounds really strange.  But essentially you can think of askers as spiders who think about and judge concepts by crawling along their webs to a different node (where each node or meeting of threads is an 'idea' or 'place' or 'viewpoint').  They are mobile in terms of worldview or judgment - easily crawling to other nodes.  They communicate with others who are currently sharing their 'node', and require others to join them at their node - e.g. adapt to their viewpoint or mindset, even temporarily - in order to effectively communicate them.  They may have a node that they prefer (e.g. a "home base", an "essential worldview), but they feel comfortable moving between them.  Additionally, certain askers - xSFPs and xSTJs - are "building spiders" - they spend more time adjusting the threads that connect between nodes - while other askers - xNTPs and xNFJs - are "traveling spiders" - they spend more time moving than adjusting.  

*INFPs (declaring)*

* tendency to monologue
* much of what they say seems more statement-like, even questions
* listen attentively and silently to others' speeches to return to a long speech
* find it easier to talk to one person at a time
* before starting to talk, first ascertains that attention is grabbed
* very patient in terms of others' speech in terms of letting finish
* prefer to finish their speech before letting others talk
* like closure and feeling that their point was conveyed
* questions are often either rhetorical or only strictly motivated by serious need for certain information

*my research*

* unsolicited criticism or praise is mostly ignored or discarded; most effective criticism or praise is that offered as the response to a request
* send out regular "pings", soliciting either verbal or physical judgments of their value or position in society, and judge themselves on the responses to these pings (self-evaluation and self-esteem are more variable/open to change and are a response to most recent ping responses)
* declarers judge their value and worth mainly in terms of other people's actions and attitudes toward them - specifically for INFPs, this generally comes in the form of having earned respect as an authority figure, being trusted to set goals, and having their requests honored.
* INFPs often focus on easier-to-achieve or lower stakes feedback, such as being paid attention to and being noticed, but is less comforted or motivated by such feedback
* INFPs are most discouraged and hurt by other people's suspicion or condescension toward them.  This is also how they often tend to express disapproval toward others.
* ::wipes brow:: okay so the metaphor I have for this group of people is that of a planet, whose position stays stationary, and which rotates itself to observe other information.  They are able to change *focus* but not *perspective* - that said, what they see in the "sky" - the information their perspective receives - is what exists in the external world, so if they "sky/stars" change, then their perspective can also be said to change.  In order to have meaningful conversations, they "rotate" to view the same sky the other person is viewing, rather than moving to a different viewpoint/perspective like spiders do.  xSFJs and xSTPs paint the sky while xNFPs and xNTJs observe, analyze, and record it.  I don't have a more concrete explanation for what that means yet lol.

**Visual Identification**

This is a really long and complex topic that I could spend ages on.  Unfortunately there is a lot of information about this that I have stored in my mind but not written down anywhere to share with you.  That said, here are some resources:

* [Filatova's ISFPs](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/36-ISFj-description-(Filatova\))
* [Celebrity Types's ISFPs](http://www.celebritytypes.com/isfp.php)
* [Filatova's INFPs](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/49-INFj-description-(Filatova\))
* [Celebrity Types's INFPs](http://www.celebritytypes.com/infp.php)
* [My video](https://youtu.be/tSuLsxniqI4) on visual typing concerning eyes.  Note that ISFPs will mainly display Si and Se eyes, with occasional Ni eyes, and almost never Ne eyes.  INFPs will mainly display Ni and Ne eyes, with occasional Si eyes, and almost never Se eyes.

A few more little, unedited pieces of info:

* If they move like they are drunk (see: Johnny Depp's Captain Jack Sparrow, or [the scarecrow](https://youtu.be/acT_PSAZ7BQ?t=1m18s) in this music video) they are probably INFP
* If they have weird, obviously practiced/pre-planned movements, or if they're objectively great dancers even without much formal training, they're ISFP.  Basically ISFPs often move awkwardly, but they do it deliberately, to the point where you're surprised they're not falling down - they have a lot of bodily control.  [example one](https://youtu.be/FtZaRM3oZtI?t=3m8s), [example two](https://youtu.be/Y_3B85387z4?t=11s)  Even [Lady Gaga](https://youtu.be/qzljynWSdwQ?t=51s), who is not a particularly good dancer for an ISFP, can outdance almost any INFP unless they had extensive training.
* INFPs tend to have a "uniform" in terms of their clothing - James Bay, for example, whom I linked above, always wears all black and a round black hat.  My best friend who was INFP wore [lolita fashion](https://www.google.ro/search?q=lolita+dress&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwi_5enxndvSAhWnBsAKHekeB5MQ_AUICCgB&amp;biw=1600&amp;bih=770#tbm=isch&amp;q=lolita+fashion&amp;*) for several years - all day, every day.  Their uniform can often be shockingly bland/noticeably unnoticeable lol.  See [Max](http://game-accessibility.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/community_image_1422645871_JNLNEXD.jpg) from Life Is Strange.
* ISFPs tend to go through phases where they try on different looks and styles.  See David Bowie or Britney Spears.  Even if they do have a fairly consistent style, like Avril Lavigne, they still switch it up dramatically from one look to the next - her [style](https://i2.wp.com/www.bollywoodcolor.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/Avril-Lavigne-With-Brody-Jenner.jpg) is [consistent](http://encdn02.mundotkm.com/2016/12/Avril-Lavigne-2015-Pictures-1.jpg), but her [clothing choices](http://i330.photobucket.com/albums/l416/Emmanuel_Avril/wthshoot141.jpg) aren't.  They also can be extremely fashion forward and constantly chasing the next craze - Rihanna is an example of this.

I could go on and on and on.  There are so many little subtle differences that you notice the more time you spend in this stuff.  I'd be happy to answer any specific questions referring to thoughts or behavior to try to differentiate the two!Hey all.  I posted [Eric Prydz - "Call On Me"](https://youtu.be/QQSYo_pC-QA) to the Beta subs for an example of Se-Fe and a fun pick me up.  Someone requested more Se-Fe music and...well...I just couldn't stop myself!

In the event that some of you might enjoy the collection, here it is:

*(Just to clarify if anyone's reading this and doesn't know - "Beta" in socionics refers to people who value Se-Ni and Fe-Ti.  That means ESTP, ISTP, ENFJ, and INFJ.  It doesn't have ANYTHING to do with the concept of alpha or beta males!!!)*

So, more music?  Sure, let's see...

* [Dagny - "Backbeat"](https://youtu.be/7K0y1RT6M68) is one of the most Beta pop songs you're gonna find that still feels modern.  Right now Gammas and Alphas are dominating pop music, so it's hard for Betas to gain a foothold on the charts.  Dagny is an ENFJ.  What you're looking for in Beta music is that it's quite optimistic (or moody), unabashedly emotionally expressive but without a great deal of complexity - we prefer a song to express one clear feeling, even if it's a fairly unique feeling.  In addition, it's almost inherently catchy.

* Betas (and Deltas) were dominant in pop music during the late 80s, 90s, and early 00s.  A lot of that emo/angsty stuff in the early 00s was quite Beta - think [Three Days Grace - "Animal I Have Become"](https://youtu.be/xqds0B_meys) (haven't officially typed the lead singer but he gives me ESTP vibes) or [Evanescence - "Bring Me to Life"](https://youtu.be/3YxaaGgTQYM) (Amy Lee is ENFJ).  Or beautiful Marilyn Manson (INFJ) with his ["This is the New Shit"](https://youtu.be/4kQMDSw3Aqo).
* Poor Miley Cyrus (ESTP) can't get a foothold in present-day pop culture, but her newer music like ["BB Talk"](https://youtu.be/DfwJA0f0UTg) and ["Dooo It"](https://youtu.be/wu5iAgJ65dA) are some great, fresh Beta songs &amp; videos.
* For some *excellent* catchy, heavier stuff, check out [Nightwish - "Ever Dream"](https://youtu.be/YwGSAFarHRg) (this lead singer is ENFJ, main composer is INFJ) and [The Pretty Reckless - "Just Tonight"](https://youtu.be/PQJtjJalQj8) (she's ISTP).  If you can tolerate Christian music, [The Letter Black - "Believe"](https://youtu.be/jVFfbomH_eg) is a banger too.  Haven't officially typed her yet, but she's definitely a Beta.  But yeah, metal and (to a lesser extent) grunge are quite Beta genres all on their own.  I don't listen to much metal but I suspect you'd find a *lot* of Betas there, especially xSTPs.
* Now.  IFFFFF you want some more upbeat shit, you're gonna have to go back a little farther.  '90s or so.  I believe the lead singer of [Smashmouth - "All Star"](https://youtu.be/L_jWHffIx5E) is ESTP - usually I don't type just from music videos but I am almost positive.  [Fountains of Wayne - "Stacy's Mom"](https://youtu.be/dZLfasMPOU4) is also definitely Fe, likely Se-Fe.  Just from the brief glimpses in the video, the lead singer seems STP, but of course I'd need to see more to tell.  [Robyn - "Call Your Girlfriend"](https://youtu.be/F6ImxY6hnfA) is kind of bittersweet upbeat too (she's ESTP).
* [Emmy Rossum - "Slow Me Down"](https://youtu.be/xiLcw4juIMk) (she's ESTP) is a nice example of Beta done softer haha.
* I don't know about the producer Cash Cash, but the singer Sofia Reyes (ESTP) makes the song ["How to Love"](https://youtu.be/peByeoQhjMM) feel really Fe
* Oh and of course, how can we forget Taylor Swift (ESTP)?  She likes to play at ESFJ and ESFP aesthetics a lot but she's coming out of her shell more and more lately.  Check out ["Bad Blood"](https://youtu.be/QcIy9NiNbmo) for almost embarrassing levels of Se, or ["Out of the Woods"](https://youtu.be/JLf9q36UsBk) for something a bit more muted.
* xSTPs are overrepresented in 90s and 00s rap, and in more alt rap today.  Se in particular tends toward the shocking and controversial as well.  Some great examples are [Iggy Azalea - "Mo Bounce"](https://youtu.be/YQ2xtWgBlzk) (she's ISTP), [Eminem - "Lose Yourself"](https://youtu.be/_Yhyp-_hX2s) (he's ISTP), or my favorites, [Die Antwoord - "Fatty Boom Boom"](https://youtu.be/AIXUgtNC4Kc).  Ninja (the dude) is ESTP, I haven't officially typed Yolandi yet but I lean ISFP for her.  The band itself is quite Beta though.  They're playing characters, which does make it harder.

Full list of Beta musicians that I've typed (bands are of course harder but they tend to follow the frontman/lead singer in terms of music):

Amy Winehouse, Charlotte Martin, Dagny, Die Antwoord, Dixie Chicks, Eminem, Emmy Rossum, Evanescence, Frank Zappa, Goo Goo Dolls, Leonard Cohen, Machine Gun Kelly, Madonna, Marilyn Manson, Miles Davis, Miley Cyrus, Nightwish, The Pretty Reckless, Rachel Platten, Rage Against the Machine, Robin Thicke, Robyn, Snoop Dogg, Sofia Reyes, Sufjan Stevens, Taylor Swift, U2

(Also, Normani Kordei from Fifth Harmony is ENFJ, but the band seems more Gamma/ESFP to me.  CelebrityTypes also lists George Harrison as INFJ but the Beatles are definitely not Beta.)

Anyway, I'm sure there are plenty more, but like I said for reasons above, they're fairly "recessive" right now in pop music.  But they should come back around starting in about 10 years or so if my theory holds true!

This got soooooooooo long, I'm sorry. O_O  I hope you found something enjoyable in there anyway!

***

PS - I'm happy to attempt to type any musicians you're curious about in the comments!  Please note that I will not be debating my typings though; WYSIWYG, take it for what it's worth to you. :)Hokay!  ::cracks knuckles::

If you haven’t seen it, this is part two of my Type vs. Type, uh...series.  Here’s part one, [ISFP vs. INFP](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zr3jf/differentiating_infp_vs_isfp_masterpost/). I’ll assume that you’ve read the intro to that post and understand the basic premise of what we’re doing here.

Note that because the types we’re comparing here have several similarities to that post, almost all of the dichotomies listed are repeats of those I’ve covered previously.  That said, it will be edited, adjusted, and commented on to make sure it’s more tailored to this comparison.

Once more, I’d like to give a big thank you to [Sociotype](http://www.sociotype.com/) and [Wikisocion](http://www.wikisocion.org) as the primary source of much of this information.

Let’s get into it, shall we?

**How can I tell the difference between an ISTJ and an INTJ?**

**SMALL GROUPS**

**Quadras**

ISTJs are deltas (xNFP &amp; xSTJ); INTJs are gammas (xSFP &amp; xNTJ).  This refers to their valued functions - both value Te-Fi, but ISTJs value Si-Ne and INTJs value Se-Ni.  Some implications:

*ISTJs (deltas):*

* make a point of talking about the rationale behind their actions and emphasizing the productiveness or unproductiveness of different ways of doing things - even in such emotional areas as personal relationships.
* value peaceful, refreshing activities where they are doing something useful and balancing out their inner world at the same time
* have the philosophy that they will have to rely on their own industriousness to achieve their goals rather than on luck, speculation, group effort, or strong leadership.
* rarely display their deep passions and vision, preferring instead to talk in more neutral terms about what they want to do and why
* reject dramatism and emotional affect in favor of wry humor and understatement
* only take groups seriously that perform some common productive or restful activity
* generally dislike using poetic wording when describing their inner state
* talk simply about what they feel or their bodily sensations

*ISTJs in Groups*

* focused on working on projects, enjoying physical recreation, or finding out interesting things about each other
* laughter is usually subdued and brief
* smile a lot and try to be witty and welcoming
* groups need to be focused on some specific productive activity or topic of discussion, or else they fall apart
* a lot of splintering and decentralization
* more focused and productive interaction with only those who share their particular interests or sentiments
* jump from small group to small group easily to keep up their interest level
* no demands that the entire group listen to one person or that everyone do the same thing
* believe that if everyone just pursues their own interests and makes some accommodations for others, the group will be better off anyway
* don't focus on building group identity or unity of purpose, but prefer for the group to remain splintered and decentralized

*ISTJs in Romance*

* relationships usually begin simply as the encounter of two individuals interested in a relationship and each other in a particular moment
* very little in terms of outward demonstrations of "romance" in the "wooing" sense of the term or in strong external demonstrations of emotions
* more focused on the present moment
* even relationships of very strong attachment do not lead to constant concerns as to their longer-term practical feasibility
* see as optimal romantic relationships those where partners spend time together on fun activities and sharing ideas of potential practical application
* romantic atmospheres are low-key, based on comfort but practicality

*Less obvious/noticeable but still important distinctions about ISTJs:*

* love to share personal experience mixed with their own sentiments regarding their experiences, but all in an insightful and non-dramatic manner
* like to talk about new beginnings, opportunities for personal growth, and their plans and prospects for the future
* don't fare well in high-pressure situations where they are being forced to do things, are facing threatening opponents, or are submitted to rigorous discipline
* wear out quickly and look for a more peaceful and welcoming environment

*ISTJ Perspectives on Others:*

* Magnetic attraction to ENFPs; also interested in and attracted to ENTPs
* very comfortable with most xSTJs and xNFPs (except perhaps other ISTJs)
* see xSFJs and xNTPs as fun company and interesting people to discuss ideas and prospects with, but naive and inconsistent in their personal and business relationships. ISTJs see them as lacking the common sense to turn their fun and creative energy into something productive and often seem overly idealistic
* see xNFJs and xSTPs as people who "dream big" and always want to turn things into grandiose endeavors, yet can't manage day-to-day affairs effectively. Also, they see them as unwilling to consider things from the point of view of others, which gives them a streak of meanness and cruelty
* see xNTJs and xSFPs as driven and reliable in personal and business relationships, but not sufficiently understanding of people who want to pursue their own individual path in life. They think these people sometimes become too demanding and can have a streak of vindictiveness or spitefulness which prevents them from being accepting and forgiving

*INTJs (gammas):*

* take a longer-term view regarding efficiency and profitability, giving lower priority to the short term
* aim at the broader benefits of decisions, rather than only at those affecting themselves
* have an inclination for self-sacrifice
* like to talk about where present trends are leading in terms of potentially profitable events and undertakings
* give more value to ideas and concepts that are firmly connected to factual information
* only take groups seriously that perform some common productive activity or discuss serious topics
* reject the idea that it's best to avoid confrontations so as not to spoil the mood of those present
* prefer directness in settling or at least discussing disagreements
* have difficulty relating to emotional atmospheres connected to "special dates" such as public holidays

*INTJs in Groups*

* laughter and very obvious displays of emotion are subdued
* there is a lot of smiling and amusement with ironic and witty remarks
* when serious subjects or not very happy personal experiences are discussed they display a serious demeanour
* prefer quite small groups
* prefer discussions focused on exchange of information and ideas on subjects of mutual interest, discussing and planning activities together, or on personal experiences
* personal experiences usually discussed not with the purpose of making people laugh or to boast one's position, but to get an insight into the lessons to be drawn from such experiences
* dislike being "drawn" into larger groups where loud exchanges of jokes and quick shifting of one subject to the other are the norm, as in a large dinner table in an informal environment, especially if the group is also somewhat "artificial" as in work colleagues or business partners where personal relationships weren't really spontaneously formed
* will tend to focus on the persons sitting immediately near them in order to engage them in more individual conversations or will tend to remain mostly silent, not really participating in the group atmosphere, making the impression of being "introverts" in the everyday meaning of the term.
* tends to be somewhat wary for some time of "newcomers", being neither exclusive nor inclusive on purpose
* conversations often focus on trends regarding material and yet personal issues, such as career prospects and developments, success or failure of financial investments and enterprises, and the future prospects of romantic relationships, as well as the reasons for the failure of past ones
* in more light-hearted moments, such talks get a "bawdy" flavor with some slight teasing
* other subjects tend to focus on internal work politics from the point of view of how it jeopardizes general efficiency, the nonsense of bureaucracy, and how to be better than competitors.

*INTJs in Romance*

* usually have little time for "romance" in the "wooing" meaning of the term
* relationships tend to develop rather as the meeting of two individuals interested in a relationship and each other
* elements of "courtship" or "romance" are seen as rituals with less meaning than the feelings involved
* relationships and friendships usually develop from exchanges of information, ideas, personal experiences of special significance, and mutual help, proceeding to activities together.
* tend to focus on the longer-term prospects of the relationship in terms of definition, i.e. even if it's a temporary relationship, this should be fairly clear, at least in their mind, from the beginning
* generally impatient with flirting for flirting's sake or for fun
* approaches and moves are made with a purpose, which may be altered down the road
* assume that sexual innuendo and approaches are backed by some sort of emotional attachment
* once a relationship is established as being romantic, interactions focus on physical and somewhat tough interplay and innuendo
* playful power-games, focusing on intensity of interactions and feelings

*Less obvious/noticeable but still important distinctions about INTJs:*

* take a hard-line approach regarding ethical principles and the punishment, even revenge, on those who break them
* place high value on personal loyalty, once they feel a close relationship has been established
* like to discuss personal relationships in a realistic manner and are skeptical that "jerks" can ever become "nice people", for instance
* don't see much point in deeply analyzing ideas that they see as having little practical application or connection to reality
* more inclined to speculate and discuss possible developments of present circumstances, or how these came about, than to speculate or analyze alternative scenarios or possibilities

*INTJ Perspectives on Others:*

* Magnetic attraction to ESFPs; also interested in and attracted to ESTPs
* very comfortable with most xNTJs and xSFPs (except perhaps other INTJs)
* see xSFJs and xNTPs as creative, generally well-meaning, and friendly and pleasant people, especially as a group, as a first impression. Later, tend to see them as lacking ambition in the longer term, overly concerned with sensorial pleasure and comfort, and overly demanding of, and sensitive to, external emotional expression without making much effort to focus on deeper feelings involved
* see xNFJs and xSTPs as driven, ambitious people with a sense of purpose and who can get things done, usually with very strong views, as in political issues or ways of approaching work.  INTJs tend to see this as not backed by sufficient factual confirmation and therefore too ideological. They also may regard such people as two-faced when bent on achieving a goal, and too concerned with their social status, and that of others, within any given social group
* see xSTJs and xNFPs as kindly, well-meaning and creative people, but perhaps too present-focused and lacking ambition with a longer-term perspective, as well as being overly welcoming and forgiving of people whom INTJs may regard as undeserving

**Clubs**

I forgot to include this in the last post!  I apologize.  Clubs refer to the middle two letters - STs are referred to as ‘Pragmatists’ and NTs are called ‘Researchers’.  These tend to refer to groups of people that spontaneously arise around particular interests or activities.  Note that of course any type can join any kind of group; the question is about the most common types of people in the group, or who feels that group to be their “home base”.

*ISTJs (Pragmatists):*

* often drawn to groups related to sports activities
* also drawn to discussion of, or cooperation in, projects related to manual work and engineering
* an example might be a group of car enthusiasts in which actively repairing and refurbishing them with their own hands is a key component of their activities
* see groups of Researchers (NTs) with a mix of contempt and respectful wariness; view these groups as not particularly useful for doing “real work” or facing “the real world”, but can find themselves confused by the insight and knowledge presented by researchers
* see groups of Socials (SFs) as fun company but a bit lightweight
* see groups of Humanitarians (NFs) as either totally puzzling in their ideas and beliefs or intimidatingly worth of admiration for the same reason

*INTJs (Researchers):*

* in groups that have formed around a common interest, they limit their interactions to the exchange of ideas in their common area of interest
* little focus on the exchange of personal experiences regarding relationships
* unlikely to involve physical activities, except perhaps walks with ongoing discussions
* typical examples of such groups include those centered around interest in science fiction, role-playing games, groups of political discussions, etc.
* see groups of Socials (SFs) as fairly vapid and boring, but may be somewhat jealous of their usually greater faculty for social interaction and forming relationships
* see groups of Pragmatists (STs) as narrow-minded and uninteresting, but also slightly intimidating due to their mechanical and physical skills
* see groups of Humanitarians (NFs) as sympathetic and non-threatening, but are often confused by their motivations

**Romance Styles**

The romance styles are determined by our strongest valued perceiving function.  Earlier discussions about romance referred to the *perspective* of the type on romance - their values and expectations.  Romance style, on the other hand, refers to their *approach toward* and *behavior in* romantic relationships.  Please try to disregard the slightly derogatory names of these small groups lol.  SPs are Aggressors, NJs are Victims, SJs are Caregivers, and NPs are Childlike.

*ISTJs (Caregiver):*

* attraction is naturally sparked by the perceived aesthetic attributes of the prospective partner
* attraction wanes if partner is perceived as “too aggressive” sexually
* tender, soft approach
* adopts a ‘maternal’ approach toward the physical comfort and needs of their partner
* interest is maintained is partner allows themselves to be taken care of in this way
* assumes their partner will need help in practical, daily matters
* is not very concerned with “who broke up with whom”
* power is not an important dynamic in the relationship
* generally feels a “sleepy drifting” nature, and appreciates Ne impulses from another person designed to shake them out of it from time to time
* ISTJ men are experienced and attentive to the inner world of a female partner.  They can put themselves in a good position for dating by being protective of her.  In love games he very much appreciates feminine tenderness and vulnerability, and hopes for her to admire his life experiences and skills.
* ISTJ women care for their male partner.  They’re attracted to weak but intelligent men who accept her lead in daily activities.  She likes to support, to protect, to cheer him up.  She forgives or even happily accepts certain traits that society doesn’t respect in a man.  She rejects intense and rough touch.  She is turned off by force or a lack of foreplay and finds relationships with strong, forceful men to be disappointing.  She needs a “childlike” man - reluctant, hesitant, enticing.  She likes soft caresses and gentle, subtle touches of her erogenous zones.
* views SPs as a bit over-the-top sexually and when flirting, and doesn’t find them very pleasant to have stable intimate relationships with
* views NJs in relationships as puzzling and never contented, sometimes even as paranoid and insecure.  ISTJ women are not satisfied with these relations because his caprices, tricks, and forceful provocations suprise her and turn her off
* views other SJs as comfortable in relationships, but somehow less than satisfactory.  Other SJs often disappoint ISTJs after some time.  Although they don’t have much against such relationships, they start to feel a lack of spiritual connection sooner or later 
* views NPs as delightful partners with a sense of fun that brings joy to their lives

*INTJs (Victim)*

* prone to initial doubts about the intensity of their own interest in another person
* not always confident about revealing their interest
* focus their attention on whether or not the other person might reciprocate interest
* question whether the other person’s interest will remain constant with time
* prefer partners that provoke a certain sense of awe in terms of power, physical presence, etc.
* appreciate a sense of power-play present when interacting with such partners
* will accept a slight sense of superiority on the part of the partner, but never actually “submit” to them
* somewhat expects the partner to be “mean” on occasion
* in male INTJs with female partners, this often manifests similarly to the “white knight devoted to his princess” archetype
* focuses mainly on mutual attraction, particularly the attraction felt by the other person, especially the longer-term perspective and future implications
* expects that their partner will continuously take action to confirm their attraction
* failure of their partner to do so results in the INTJ assuming that the relationship is already changing
* counts on their partner to forcefully and continually bring them “down to earth from their thoughts” and focus on the immediate physical reality
* would prefer to admit to a relationship having been ended by the partner rather than by themselves
* Gulenko calls INTJs “comic victims”, as opposed to NFJ “tragic victims”, but I don’t know what this means unfortunately
* INTJ men idealize a commanding woman.  They adapt to her tastes, respect her willpower and desires.  Sometimes emphasizes dependence and obedience in his own behavior, and other times is out of control.  In a relationship with a woman, he subconsciously awaits orders, tricks, and reprimands.  If he doesn’t receive these reactions, he subconsciously provokes them.
* INTJ women idealize a physically strong man, resembling the lead in an action movie.  She wishes to experience his force on herself, to resist his pressure, to feel a ‘victim’.  In love games, she prefers different forms of opposition and confrontation that fuel the passions of their partner.  Women of this type are more likely to have masochistic traits, though not all of them are conscious of it.
* views SPs as pleasantly reassuring, providing direct unequivocal signals of their interests and intents, and taking concrete actions and initiatives to meet their goals.  They find the Aggressors’ conscious realization of their sexual desires to be attractive and positively influencing their own level of romantic motivation.  An INTJ woman cleverly plays on her weakness, vulnerability, or disorganization, which provokes SP men to undertake prompt, decisive actions.  In love games, the greatest values for her are strong embraces and feeling the power of the male body, yielding to which she shows her submission to his will.  *(I feel like I’m in the middle of a romance novel and it’s slightly embarrassing lol; maybe it’s just because I’m a Victim woman myself lol.)*  
* views other NJs as puzzling, evasive, even non-committal, not giving them clear signals and playing “waiting” and “push-pull” games that slow down relationship development, but INTJs also find them to be exciting partners if a certain stage of “certainty” is finally reached.  When two NJs date, they often try to make the other adopt Aggressor behavior or patiently wait for each other to adopt this role on their own.  They compete with each other in sacrificial attitudes and demand special consideration for this.  Frequently such games wear out and exhaust both of them.
* views SJs as a reassuring, supportive, smooth, and stable presence in their life, but also somewhat dull and monotonous.  The excessive attention the SJ pays to the INTJ’s needs and statements feels confusing and irritating.  The SJ’s inclination to safeguard and protect the INTJ from life’s troubles is appreciated and viewed as supportive at first, but eventually it is seen as intrusive and unnecessary.  An INTJ woman feels comfortable with SJs but finds them too dull as partners.
* views NPs as interesting, refreshing, and captivating in an intellectual sense, but ultimately too focused on mental explorations and idle talk in absence of any realistic initiatives.  In everyday life, INTJs may see NPs as too demanding and capricious, expecting too much care, which INTJs find exhausting to provide.  INTJ women are prone to seeing NP men as not capable of providing solid support or concrete initiatives, as well as being slightly irritating and not sufficiently strong or resolute.  


**DICHOTOMIES**

I have relisted the dichotomies in order from most to least relevant and determinative, in my opinion.  You should consider the descriptions toward the beginning to hold more weight in typing than those toward the end.

**Sensing vs. Intuitive**

This is one of the dichotomies that Isabel Briggs Myers focused on, and due to its popularity, often one of the most misunderstood.

*ISTJs (sensing):*

* more realistic and down to earth *(This is true of ISTJs in particular; however, they still have quite a bit of fanciful goofiness to them and often enjoy fantasy, science fiction, etc., especially when it’s cheesy and lighthearted; they are also quite prone to romantic or personal fantasies, which they keep locked up tight - imagine a very muted INFP)*
* notice details more than than the big picture
* more focused on their surroundings, living in the here and now
* more naturally comfortable with physical confrontations *(ISTJs are unlikely to actively seek physical confrontations but seem to have little to no hesitation toward participating in them when they deem it necessary)*
* often more interested in practice than in theory

*INTJs (intuitive):*

* more idealistic and head-in-the-clouds **(INTJs spend a lot of time mentally solving problems that may or may not ever need to be solved; my husband’s INTJ father once freaked out for several hours because he was worried that the city we live in may not have enough parking for all of its inhabitants in the future.  He’s never even owned a car lol.)**
* notice the big picture more than the details
* more focused on ideas than on surroundings
* less naturally comfortable with physical confrontations *(INTJs will enter into a physical confrontation with great force only when they perceive it as essential to their survival or to protect the ones they love; however, many serial killers and particularly bombers have been INTJs, so as a general rule it is more an active contest of power than violence per se that they are, by nature, repelled by - of course many INTJs are opposed to violence by principle)*
* often more interested in theory than in practice

**Result vs. Process**

Result types: INTP, ISFP, ESFJ, ENTJ, ESTP, ENFP, INFJ, **ISTJ**
Process types: INFP, ISTP, ESTJ, ENFJ, ESFP, ENTP, **INTJ**, ISFJ

There is [soooooooooooooo much](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Process_and_result) more research on this than I can include here; sometimes trying to decipher Gulenko’s research is a project in and of itself for me.  I also have some of my own research on this dichotomy, but that mainly references how perfectionism/neuroticism vs. indifference/negligence manifests in each type and is unlikely to be particularly noticeable unless someone is closer to one or the other axis of those attitudes.  For example, a common misconception is that only process types can be neurotic, which is far from the truth.  If you’d like more information about a specific case related to that, let me know in the comments and I’ll give you some info.  Also, another common misconception is that because process types are “complexifying” (a horrible INTP word that misses much of the point), they are also more *complex* as individuals; this of course is not the case.

*ISTJs (result):*

* Do things in an unpredictable order, seeming (to process types) to do them from the end to the beginning
* Detached from process and tend toward multitasking; feel that a process is something external to them (it is easy to oversee several processes at once)
* Most focused at the beginning and end of a task
* Find it hard to start a task that they know they don't have the time, energy, or interest to complete right away
* More motivated by targets or goals - spending a certain number of hours a week doing something or meeting a certain deadline
* More inclined to read texts on books or computer randomly, maybe reading random paragraphs or chapters (may or may not digest it thoroughly - the important part is that the sequence is often out of order)
* Prefers being given necessary information and goals and figuring out the steps by themselves
* Make intermediate and final estimates of progress, to sum up the results or output
* Feel uncomfortable when the process they’re involved in has no clear, defined result
* Poorly monitor process progression - can only monitor their position in a process by evaluating projected results
* In speech, often use the words “beginning”, “end”, “stage”, “interval”, and “result”.
* “It’s interesting to start something or to finish it - I like visualizing a finished project or task.”
* “Why can’t you listen and eat at the same time?”  *(Result types often don’t seem to mind eating something at the same time as they’re running to catch a bus or whatever; as a process type myself, I personally find that totally baffling lol.)*
* "Of course we followed the correct procedure, since we got the right answer/a good result."

*INTJs (process):*

* Do things sequentially, from the beginning to the end
* Feel like there's a "right" way to do any particular task, such as preparing dinner, and get confused or distracted if the steps go out of sequence
* Immersed to a process and tend toward single-tasking, or completing steps in a predictable pattern *(e.g. I am a process type and I "multi-task" by studying one section of a textbook, and then cleaning up ten objects, and then reading one Reddit thread, and then playing one level of a Flash game, and then starting over and studying one section of the textbook, and so on)*
* Most focused in the middle of a task
* Find it hard to start over when interrupted - they see an entire process as a whole and find re-entering a process where they left off psychologically similar to starting over entirely
* More motivated by "to-do" checklists - checking off each task as it's completed
* More inclined to read text on books or the computer from beginning to the end (may or may not involve skimming - the important part is that it's mostly sequential)
* Prefer following step-by-step instructions
* Often use the word “process” when speaking
* “Finishing something isn’t easy, nor is starting something, but the hardest thing to do is to return to the middle of something I’ve abandoned a long time ago.”
* “It’s difficult to force myself to get started, but once I do, it just rolls forward by itself.”
* "Of course the answer is right/result is good - we followed the correct procedure."

**Asking vs. Declaring**

My favorite!!!  I've been doing a lot of work in this area over the past few months and I find it an incredibly interesting dichotomy.  It also needs more formalized research, but don't worry, I've got you covered, boo. ;)  Asking is xNTP, xSTJ, xNFJ, xSFP.  Declaring is xSTP, xNTJ, xSFJ, xNFP.

*ISTJs (asking):*

* tendency to dialogue
* much of what they say seems more question-like, even statements
* always, as the other person talks, affirm the receipt of information with yeah, mhm, etc.
* can talk to an audience as a whole very well
* start talking at times expecting someone to get interested and start paying attention
* has a tendency to interrupt and feels comfortable pausing half-way in speech and in a "questions allowed all the time" way, returning to what was said later if necessary
* quite often asks a non-rhetorical question and answers it themself
* often just asks questions to fill in time, without serious need to actually find the information asked

*my research*

* requested criticism or praise is mostly ignored or discarded; most effective criticism or praise is that which is offered unsolicited
* performs tasks in steady streams and passively accepts &amp; collects external judgments in "piles", which they refer to later in judging their value or success (self-evaluation and self-esteem are more stable/difficult to change and are an accumulation of collected data)
* askers judge their value and worth mainly in terms of verbal feedback - specifically for ISTJs, the most fulfilling feedback generally comes in the form of vindication and being told they're "right"
* ISTJs often focus on easier-to-achieve or lower stakes feedback, such as being praised and told they are "good", but are less comforted or motivated by such feedback
* ISTJs are most discouraged and hurt by being considered a failure or other people’s ridicule.  This is also how they tend to express disapproval toward others.
* I still haven't come up with the perfect way to word this insight theoretically, so please forgive me, I know it sounds really strange.  But essentially you can think of askers as spiders who think about and judge concepts by crawling along their webs to a different node (where each node or meeting of threads is an 'idea' or 'place' or 'viewpoint').  They are mobile in terms of worldview or judgment - easily crawling to other nodes.  They communicate with others who are currently sharing their 'node', and require others to join them at their node - e.g. adapt to their viewpoint or mindset, even temporarily - in order to effectively communicate them.  They may have a node that they prefer (e.g. a "home base", an "essential worldview), but they feel comfortable moving between them.  Additionally, certain askers - xSFPs and xSTJs - are "building spiders" - they spend more time adjusting the threads that connect between nodes - while other askers - xNTPs and xNFJs - are "traveling spiders" - they spend more time moving than adjusting.  

*INTJs (declaring)*

* tendency to monologue
* much of what they say seems more statement-like, even questions
* listen attentively and silently to others' speeches to return to a long speech
* find it easier to talk to one person at a time
* before starting to talk, first ascertains that attention is grabbed
* very patient in terms of others' speech in terms of letting finish
* prefer to finish their speech before letting others talk
* like closure and feeling that their point was conveyed
* questions are often either rhetorical or only strictly motivated by serious need for certain information

*my research*

* unsolicited criticism or praise is mostly ignored or discarded; most effective criticism or praise is that offered as the response to a request
* send out regular "pings", soliciting either verbal or physical judgments of their value or position in society, and judge themselves on the responses to these pings (self-evaluation and self-esteem are more variable/open to change and are a response to most recent ping responses)
* declarers judge their value and worth mainly in terms of other people's actions and attitudes toward them - specifically for INTJs, this generally comes in the form of having received attention or accolades and being noticed and well-known in their field or in public consciousness.
* INTJs often focus on easier-to-achieve or lower stakes feedback, such as being put in a position of respect or authority (e.g. a professor), but are less comforted or motivated by such feedback.
* INTJs are most discouraged and hurt by being ostracized, shut out, or considered irrelevant.  This is also how they often tend to express disapproval toward others.
* ::wipes brow:: okay so the metaphor I have for this group of people is that of a planet, whose position stays stationary, and which rotates itself to observe other information.  They are able to change *focus* but not *perspective* - that said, what they see in the "sky" - the information their perspective receives - is what exists in the external world, so if they "sky/stars" change, then their perspective can also be said to change.  In order to have meaningful conversations, they "rotate" to view the same sky the other person is viewing, rather than moving to a different viewpoint/perspective like spiders do.  xSFJs and xSTPs paint the sky while xNFPs and xNTJs observe, analyze, and record it.  I don't have a more concrete explanation for what that means yet lol.


**Aristocratic vs. Democratic**

xNFx and xSTx are aristocratic; xSFx and xNTx are democratic.  Note that these dichotomies need more work and development.

*ISTJs (aristocratic):*

* perceive and define themselves, and others, through groups they belong to; however, such groups are perceived and defined by the Aristocrats themselves, not necessarily accepting those groupings as defined by others or by social conventions
* their initial attitude to another person is influenced by their attitude to the group they see the person as belonging to
* tend to attribute common qualities to members of their circles of contacts, and define such circles by those same qualities
* often use expressions that generalize group features
* tendency to be somewhat “cliquey”
* tend to be more humble and feel uncomfortable with self-promotion
* tend to experience discomfort when receiving either compliments or criticism/correction

*INTJs (democratic):*

* perceive and define themselves and others primarily through individual/personal qualities: interesting, pleasant, unpleasant, good-looking, etc, not in connection to any group they may belong to
* form their relationships/attitudes toward other people based on the latter's own individual characteristics, not with base on their relationships to groups of any kind, nor on their relationships to representatives of such groups
* not inclined to perceive their acquaintances as representatives of a certain "circle of contacts" that possesses qualities inherent to people of that circle
* rarely use expressions that generalize group features
* tend to be more comfortable with self-promotion and see it as an important skill for getting ahead in life
* very encouraged by sincere compliments; also generally open to criticism, especially from sources they respect and see as having status and especially when dealing with impersonal criticism

**Strategic vs. Tactical**

This is an under-researched dichotomy that we're still studying.  However, INxP, ENxJ, ESxP, and ISxJ are strategic; ISxP, ESxJ, ENxP, and INxJ are tactical.

*ISTJs (strategic):*

* focus on goals, and manipulate them, with methods unsettled
* methods are defined by and modified to fit goals
* prefer to defend goals
* don't like to be forced to deviate from them

*INTJs (tactical):*

* focus on methods, and manipulate them, with goals unsettled
* goals are defined by, and modified to fit methods
* prefer to expand options
* don't like to have too few of them

*Some of these descriptions sound a bit like process vs. result, but don't be confused - a process tactical type (INTJ) will determine each next step as they come, a process strategic type will lay out the process in advance, a result tactical type will respond to issues holistically as they arise without necessarily having an end goal, and a result strategic type (ISTJ) has an end goal but is flexible in how they respond to it.  Again, we are still working on this dichotomy and there's a lot I'd add if I hadn't already spent like two hours on this lol.*

**Positivist vs. Negativist**

Another under-researched dichotomy.  Note that this is NOT related to optimism or pessimism!  Positivists are INFx, ISTx, ESFx, and ENTx.  Negativists are INTx, ISFx, ESTx, and ENFx.

*ISTJs (positivist):*

* optimize already functional systems of things and processes
* socially and intellectually more trusting
* explain how things *should* be
* more likely to notice additions, changes, substitutions
* attempt to protect existing assets (whether physical, emotional, mental, etc.)
* more likely to notice and comment on deviations from the norm/existing

*INTJs (negativist):* 

* solve problems in systems of things and processes
* socially and intellectually more suspicious
* explain how things *shouldn't* be
* more likely to notice absence, disfunction, and barriers
* attempt to acquire new assets (whether physical, emotional, mental, etc.)
* more likely to notice and comment on deviations from the ideal


**Carefree vs. Farsighted**
This is another dichotomy that needs more research.  Almost all of the descriptions below are from my own research, but they still need more work.  Carefrees are ISxx and ENxx.  Farsighteds are INxx and ESxx.

*ISTJs (carefree):*

* view preparation as a general, all-purpose endeavor - “leveling up”
* more likely to learn new skills or information “just because”, or out of interest or exploration
* approach individual problems by using existing skills and immediately available resources
* "You cannot prepare for everything; just do the best you can."
* judge how interesting and important opportunities are based on how well they relate to the skills they’ve acquired
* turn down opportunities when they lack confidence in their ability to succeed
* discouraged from tasks by a sense of inadequacy (may not be correlated to objective ability; as long as they feel like they are doing well or improving, they will continue)
* more likely to try again when opportunities don’t work out due to timing issues

*INTJs (farsighted):*

* view preparation as a goal-specific, targeted endeavor - “adding to skill tree”
* more likely to learn new skills or information which seem useful or advantageous
* approach individual problems with an ideal outcome in mind and gather resources in preparation
* "It is best to prepare in advance; set yourself up for success."
* judge how interesting and important potential skills are based on the opportunities they create or provide
* turn down opportunities when the timing isn’t right
* discouraged from tasks by a sense of wasted effort (may not be correlated to objective achievement; as long as they feel the effort was well-spent they will continue)
* more likely to try again when opportunities don’t work out due to lack of preparation

(continued in the comments - please upvote so people can find it!)I wrote this in response to the question of how Fe-doms and Fi-doms are different, for instance, how they can both be considered "kind" and if there's any difference in how that is expressed.  I'm reproducing it here below in case anyone is interested!  If you are not particularly interested in Fe "kind" vs. Fi "kind", and just came for dominant vs. ignoring, skip down to the numbered list below!

***

I would note that F is not really about *kindness* - rather, it's about human interaction and social norms.  So what Fi does is determine how to act in a way that aligns with the individual's norms - What kind of person do I want to be?  How do I want people to perceive me?  And Fe thinks more in terms of societal norms - How should people act?  What is considered to be polite (or impolite, or relevant to the situation, or projecting authority, etc.)?

So Fi acts "kind" by acting in a way that seems like kindness to the person, but this can be different for each individual.  So for example, one Fi-user could think it was better to spend $10,000 for a tiny chance to cure their dog's cancer, whereas another Fi-user could think it was kinder to put the dog out of its misery.  They each might judge the other person as less kind than themselves.

Fe, on the other hand, considers what *people in general* consider to be kind, or what will be perceived as kind by the majority of people, or - and this is important - what course of action achieves a solution everyone is happy with (as much as possible).  Maybe both the surgery-Fi person and the put-the-dog-to-sleep Fi person would be horrified by each other's decision, but they would both be *okay with* giving the dog painkillers and letting it die a natural death.  Fe users think about these ideas (often from a hypothetical point of view - they don't need to ask other people, they just think about all the different possible viewpoints) and choose the *least bad* option, or the option that gives the best outcome for all of the viewpoints.

And, of course, this is assuming that the F user *wants* to be kind.  Maybe they want to be popular, or successful, or an asshole (bitter from some big breakup) or something, and the decision process would be the same but with a different goal.

Also I would note that saying Thinkers are less *nice* is an assumption based on what Feelers want.  A lot of Thinkers might believe that it's unfair to judge their actions based on what *you personally* like (Fi), or to expect everyone to act super polite all the time (Fe) when it interferes with them being able to do the things that are important to them.  For example, if you were a student at a library, it would be really rude for the librarian to make you stand up every time someone new walked in and shake their hand and introduce yourself, even though that's generally a polite thing to do when you meet someone new.  Thinkers often see *forcing* people to do politeness like this all the time as, actually, pretty unkind.  But that's just a little side note.

So, as far as how an Fe-dom would be different from an Fi-dom:

Opposite our *dominant* (1st) function, we have an *ignoring* (5th) function.  So for an Fe-dom (ExFJ), our ignoring function is Fi.  For an Fi-dom (IxFP), the ignoring function is Fe.  There are (at least) four important distinctions between our dominant and ignoring functions:

1. Our dominant function is valued, and our ignoring function is unvalued.  This means that we consider our dominant function to be *important* and think we should pay attention to information and actions related to it - so for an Fe dom, this means that we care a lot about understanding, for example, social acceptability and cultural values (whether we end up going along with them or subverting them, however, will depend on the person).  For Fi, it's more about personal preferences and values.  Our ignoring function does not seem that important to us, even though we *can* (and do) often understand that information and use it when necessary for other functions to operate smoothly.  (For instance, for an Fe dom, we have to use Fi to decide what it is we want to actually do, and an Fi dom needs Fe to understand *how* to be the kind of person they want to be.)

2. Our dominant function is conscious, and our ignoring function is unconscious.  Basically, you can think about your dominant function, you can consciously direct where it goes and what it does, and (with difficulty) you can even turn it on and off (briefly switching to your role function).  You don't have the ability to do this with your ignoring function - it does whatever it wants, chugging along in the background (and often - unconsciously - switching to your inferior function).

3. Our dominant function is 4d, and our ignoring function is 3d.  What "d" (dimensionality) refers to is how we learn new information (or skills).  1d functions can only learn through direct experience - trial-and-error, basically.  2d functions prefer to learn from other people - teaching and instruction.  If they have to, however, they can also learn through experience.  3d functions (the ignoring function, for instance) can learn through both experience and instruction, but it prefers to work "in the moment", evaluating all the information it has and coming up with a conclusion on the spot.  4d functions (for example, our dominant function) can do all of the above, but it prefers to make decisions or analyses on a theoretical or hypothetical basis - thinking about and learning from *possible* situations, things that haven't even happened yet, all the things that could possibly happen.  So what this means is that an Fe-dom, for instance, is able to understand how society *should* react (the best thing to do, who should have what job, how people could best come together) to something totally random like a nuclear attack or space aliens invading or even something mundane like the election of a new president, but an Fi-dom would struggle to make these judgments until they were actually in the situation.  On the other hand, an Fi-dom knows exactly what they, personally, would think or how they would feel about these situations, but the Fe-dom won't know until they're actually in the situation.  To recap, the only way we can make good conclusions from our ignoring function is if we have been in the situation before, have been explicitly taught or shown the information, or find ourselves actually faced with the situation in the moment.  Our dominant function, however, can make good conclusions just from imagining (or being told about) the situation.

4. Last, our dominant and ignoring functions are both high *information* - they know a lot about their "field", so to speak.  But the dominant function is also high *energy* - it has a lot of willpower and motivation to actually act on the information it has.  The ignoring function, on the other hand, has low energy - it is difficult for the person to draw out and use the information it has.  This means that it's hard for ExFJs to do a lot of introspection for a long time, and it's hard for IxFPs to be polite to someone they hate for a long time, among a lot of other effects.  On the other hand, this means we're usually really good at (and enjoy) giving *advice* to others using our ignoring function.  Ask an ExFJ questions about what kind of person you should date, how to reconcile two competing desires in your mind, or what the right thing is to do in a situation (Fi stuff) and they can go on all day.  Ask an IxFP advice about how to act in a certain situation to get the result you want, what so-and-so really thinks of you based on their body language, or how to set up an office floor plan so that everyone feels the most comfortable and productive (Fe stuff), and they've got you covered.

***

Also of course I would add that your dominant function affects a whole host of other factors, such as your temperament (ExxJ vs. IxxP here) and your quadra (alpha or beta for ExFJ vs. gamma or delta for IxFP), so these four differences are definitely not the whole story!Welcome to part three of my Type vs. Type series!  Previous entries include:

* [ISFP vs. INFP](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5zr3jf/differentiating_infp_vs_isfp_masterpost/)
* [ISTJ vs. INTJ](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/637fh5/differentiating_istj_vs_intj_masterpost/)

If you’re new here, please read the intro on the first post to get an idea of what’s going on.

Because y’all keep asking about similar types, almost all of the dichotomies listed are repeats of those I’ve covered previously.  That said, it will be edited, adjusted, and commented on to make sure it’s more tailored to this comparison.  Also adding a little bit more for cognitive styles.

Once more, I’d like to give a big thank you to [Sociotype](http://www.sociotype.com/) and [Wikisocion](http://www.wikisocion.org) as the primary source of much of this information.

Let’s get into it, shall we?

**How can I tell the difference between an ESTJ and an ENTJ?**

**SMALL GROUPS**

**Quadras**

ESTJs are deltas (xNFP &amp; xSTJ); ENTJs are gammas (xSFP &amp; xNTJ).  This refers to their valued functions - both value Te-Fi, but ESTJs value Si-Ne and ENTJs value Se-Ni.  Some implications:

*ESTJs (deltas):*

* make a point of talking about the rationale behind their actions and emphasizing the productiveness or unproductiveness of different ways of doing things - even in such emotional areas as personal relationships.
* value peaceful, refreshing activities where they are doing something useful and balancing out their inner world at the same time
* have the philosophy that they will have to rely on their own industriousness to achieve their goals rather than on luck, speculation, group effort, or strong leadership.
* rarely display their deep passions and vision, preferring instead to talk in more neutral terms about what they want to do and why
* reject dramatism and emotional affect in favor of wry humor and understatement
* only take groups seriously that perform some common productive or restful activity
* generally dislike using poetic wording when describing their inner state
* talk simply about what they feel or their bodily sensations

*ESTJs in Groups*

* focused on working on projects, enjoying physical recreation, or finding out interesting things about each other
* laughter is usually subdued and brief
* smile a lot and try to be witty and welcoming
* groups need to be focused on some specific productive activity or topic of discussion, or else they fall apart
* a lot of splintering and decentralization
* more focused and productive interaction with only those who share their particular interests or sentiments
* jump from small group to small group easily to keep up their interest level
* no demands that the entire group listen to one person or that everyone do the same thing
* believe that if everyone just pursues their own interests and makes some accommodations for others, the group will be better off anyway
* don't focus on building group identity or unity of purpose, but prefer for the group to remain splintered and decentralized

*ESTJs in Romance*

* relationships usually begin simply as the encounter of two individuals interested in a relationship and each other in a particular moment
* very little in terms of outward demonstrations of "romance" in the "wooing" sense of the term or in strong external demonstrations of emotions
* more focused on the present moment
* even relationships of very strong attachment do not lead to constant concerns as to their longer-term practical feasibility
* see as optimal romantic relationships those where partners spend time together on fun activities and sharing ideas of potential practical application
* romantic atmospheres are low-key, based on comfort but practicality

*Less obvious/noticeable but still important distinctions about ESTJs:*

* love to share personal experience mixed with their own sentiments regarding their experiences, but all in an insightful and non-dramatic manner
* like to talk about new beginnings, opportunities for personal growth, and their plans and prospects for the future
* don't fare well in high-pressure situations where they are being forced to do things, are facing threatening opponents, or are submitted to rigorous discipline
* wear out quickly and look for a more peaceful and welcoming environment

*ESTJ Perspectives on Others:*

* Magnetic attraction to INFPs; also interested in and attracted to ISFPs
* very comfortable with most xSTJs and xNFPs (except perhaps other ESTJs)
* see xSFJs and xNTPs as fun company and interesting people to discuss ideas and prospects with, but naive and inconsistent in their personal and business relationships. ESTJs see them as lacking the common sense to turn their fun and creative energy into something productive and often seem overly idealistic
* see xNFJs and xSTPs as people who "dream big" and always want to turn things into grandiose endeavors, yet can't manage day-to-day affairs effectively. Also, they see them as unwilling to consider things from the point of view of others, which gives them a streak of meanness and cruelty
* see xNTJs and xSFPs as driven and reliable in personal and business relationships, but not sufficiently understanding of people who want to pursue their own individual path in life. They think these people sometimes become too demanding and can have a streak of vindictiveness or spitefulness which prevents them from being accepting and forgiving

*ENTJs (gammas):*

* take a longer-term view regarding efficiency and profitability, giving lower priority to the short term
* aim at the broader benefits of decisions, rather than only at those affecting themselves
* have an inclination for self-sacrifice
* like to talk about where present trends are leading in terms of potentially profitable events and undertakings
* give more value to ideas and concepts that are firmly connected to factual information
* only take groups seriously that perform some common productive activity or discuss serious topics
* reject the idea that it's best to avoid confrontations so as not to spoil the mood of those present
* prefer directness in settling or at least discussing disagreements
* have difficulty relating to emotional atmospheres connected to "special dates" such as public holidays

*ENTJs in Groups*

* laughter and very obvious displays of emotion are subdued
* there is a lot of smiling and amusement with ironic and witty remarks
* when serious subjects or not very happy personal experiences are discussed they display a serious demeanour
* prefer quite small groups
* prefer discussions focused on exchange of information and ideas on subjects of mutual interest, discussing and planning activities together, or on personal experiences
* personal experiences usually discussed not with the purpose of making people laugh or to boast one's position, but to get an insight into the lessons to be drawn from such experiences
* dislike being "drawn" into larger groups where loud exchanges of jokes and quick shifting of one subject to the other are the norm, as in a large dinner table in an informal environment, especially if the group is also somewhat "artificial" as in work colleagues or business partners where personal relationships weren't really spontaneously formed
* will tend to focus on the persons sitting immediately near them in order to engage them in more individual conversations or will tend to remain mostly silent, not really participating in the group atmosphere, making the impression of being "introverts" in the everyday meaning of the term.
* tends to be somewhat wary for some time of "newcomers", being neither exclusive nor inclusive on purpose
* conversations often focus on trends regarding material and yet personal issues, such as career prospects and developments, success or failure of financial investments and enterprises, and the future prospects of romantic relationships, as well as the reasons for the failure of past ones
* in more light-hearted moments, such talks get a "bawdy" flavor with some slight teasing
* other subjects tend to focus on internal work politics from the point of view of how it jeopardizes general efficiency, the nonsense of bureaucracy, and how to be better than competitors.

*ENTJs in Romance*

* usually have little time for "romance" in the "wooing" meaning of the term
* relationships tend to develop rather as the meeting of two individuals interested in a relationship and each other
* elements of "courtship" or "romance" are seen as rituals with less meaning than the feelings involved
* relationships and friendships usually develop from exchanges of information, ideas, personal experiences of special significance, and mutual help, proceeding to activities together.
* tend to focus on the longer-term prospects of the relationship in terms of definition, i.e. even if it's a temporary relationship, this should be fairly clear, at least in their mind, from the beginning
* generally impatient with flirting for flirting's sake or for fun
* approaches and moves are made with a purpose, which may be altered down the road
* assume that sexual innuendo and approaches are backed by some sort of emotional attachment
* once a relationship is established as being romantic, interactions focus on physical and somewhat tough interplay and innuendo
* playful power-games, focusing on intensity of interactions and feelings

*Less obvious/noticeable but still important distinctions about ENTJs:*

* take a hard-line approach regarding ethical principles and the punishment, even revenge, on those who break them
* place high value on personal loyalty, once they feel a close relationship has been established
* like to discuss personal relationships in a realistic manner and are skeptical that "jerks" can ever become "nice people", for instance
* don't see much point in deeply analyzing ideas that they see as having little practical application or connection to reality
* more inclined to speculate and discuss possible developments of present circumstances, or how these came about, than to speculate or analyze alternative scenarios or possibilities

*ENTJ Perspectives on Others:*

* Magnetic attraction to ISFPs; also interested in and attracted to INFPs
* very comfortable with most xNTJs and xSFPs (except perhaps other ENTJs)
* see xSFJs and xNTPs as creative, generally well-meaning, and friendly and pleasant people, especially as a group, as a first impression. Later, tend to see them as lacking ambition in the longer term, overly concerned with sensorial pleasure and comfort, and overly demanding of, and sensitive to, external emotional expression without making much effort to focus on deeper feelings involved
* see xNFJs and xSTPs as driven, ambitious people with a sense of purpose and who can get things done, usually with very strong views, as in political issues or ways of approaching work.  ENTJs tend to see this as not backed by sufficient factual confirmation and therefore too ideological. They also may regard such people as two-faced when bent on achieving a goal, and too concerned with their social status, and that of others, within any given social group
* see xSTJs and xNFPs as kindly, well-meaning and creative people, but perhaps too present-focused and lacking ambition with a longer-term perspective, as well as being overly welcoming and forgiving of people whom ENTJs may regard as undeserving

**Cognitive Styles**

Cognitive styles refer to what they sound like - how the types think.  This is the first time I’ve included it in the analysis.  It is so dense and there is so much to unpack; there’s no way I can include everything.  But I will hit the main points and let you [click through](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Cognitive_Styles) to learn more if you’re interested.  The four types of cognitive style are Causal-Determinist (ENTP, ISTP, ESFP, INFP), Dialectical-Algorithmic (ENFJ, INTJ, ESTJ, ISFJ), Holographical-Panoramic (ESTP, INTP, ENFP, ISFP), and Vortical-Synergetic (ESFJ, ISTJ, ENTJ, INFJ).  If you are familiar with socionics, you will recognize these as the rings of supervision.  That’s why the supervision relationships are so powerful - the types share the same cognitive style.

*ESTJs (Dialectical-Algorithmic)*

* Good at synthesis - incorporate disparate ideas - even seemingly contradictory ones - into one cohesive concept
* Increase complexity (primarily by incorporating information about context into general concepts)
* Work well with contradictions and paradoxes
* See the world as a struggle of opposites
* Often explain things in the form “If X, then Y; otherwise, Z.”  This is why they are called “algorithmic” - their brains work similarly to computer algorithms.
* Are drawn toward the midpoint between contrasting extremes.
* Seek to eliminate contradictions by identifying the specific contexts in which each case is true.
* Good at classification and recognizing complex patterns
* Strong associative memory
* Reasoning is centered on *purpose* - the origin of the sculpture is the idea in the head of the sculptor
* To reiterate, they work well with moving structures by creating and adjusting algorithms - thoughts take the form of arrows, transitions, branches, and loops - the primary “stuff” of their cognition is the connections between blocks, not the blocks themselves.
* Struggle to make decisions between two or more concrete choices with no clear (or equal) advantages and disadvantages.  Often experience “decision paralysis” in such situations.
* Can be extremely critical, especially of the self.
* The most psychologically suggestible types - the types most likely to be manipulated, brainwashed, indoctrinated into cults, etc.  Very prone to influence by repeated, subtle suggestion.  In the same way repeated sounds or images can put a person into a “trance” state, repeated experiences or thoughts can dampen the individual’s cognition.  The solution for this is to introduce a “shock” to the system - something unexpected and overwhelming that snaps them out of the pattern.
* Most likely to experience sudden epiphanies, realizations, and the sense of sudden enlightenment, which often leads to permanent changes.
* The way the see the world can be compared to an optical illusion, where it is trivially easy to switch between seeing [a vase or two people’s faces](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/_79TI6L2o18/maxresdefault.jpg), for instance.  View the world in rapidly oscillating states of contradiction and inversion in this way.
 
*ENTJs (Vortical-Synergetic)*

* Great at synergy - drawing order from chaos, or creating a whole that is greater than the sum of its parts.
* Thoughts are fluid and cascading rather than simply linear - they flow toward a point of attraction, but may also turn or jump backward spontaneously, similar to a vortex (the root of their name)
* ENTJs, in particular, think experimentally - generate many variants of an idea, mentally implement them, and test them for practical viability
* Can be described as a perpetual series of lab experiments in the brain
* Thoughts reflect well actual natural processes and run in cycles much as natural phenomena do
* Have faith in success and good luck, and do not interpret setbacks as errors, but rather keep making attempts until successful
* Can struggle with being uneconomical and random rather than focused/directed
* Subject to positive feedback loops and mental chain reactions, which can be good or bad depending on the content of the thought
* Reasoning is centered on the *substance* - the origin of a sculpture is the block of marble it was made from
* Progression in thoughts often mirrors the natural cycle of evolution - in the midst of repetition, mutations arise, and the best/most useful ones are selected for and propagated
* In the same way animals experience big leaps of evolution - you do not find birds with “half-fin wings” - these types of thinkers experience, after large stretches of stasis, sudden leaps of cognition, some of which are discarded and the best of which are retained and implemented
* Have the psychological qualities of endurance and optimism
* Are somewhat susceptible to conditioning, but usually able to discard unwanted habits and patterns
* Need the opportunity to experiment with trial and error; suffocate and atrophy if not subjected to continuous forward movement and environmental pressure
* In such cases, the ENTJ should create a pressure for themself by envisioning a desirable goal and committing to optimism that they can acquire the help and resources to achieve it
* Long-term forecasting is futile due to the psychological equivalent of the “butterfly effect” - the outcome of a scenario is dependent upon the contents of the psyche at the moment it is implemented, which is why cultivating optimism is important for these types
* Grand, important thoughts are, over time, constructed from tiny, irrelevant ones, in the same way the planets and stars formed from the combination and explosion of cosmic dust
* Recognize the critical roles of chance and free will
* Frequently consider alternative historical outcomes

**Clubs**

Clubs refer to the middle two letters - STs are referred to as ‘Pragmatists’ and NTs are called ‘Researchers’.  These tend to refer to groups of people that spontaneously arise around particular interests or activities.  Note that of course any type can join any kind of group; the question is about the most common types of people in the group, or who feels that group to be their “home base”.

*ESTJs (Pragmatists):*

* often drawn to groups related to sports activities
* also drawn to discussion of, or cooperation in, projects related to manual work and engineering
* an example might be a group of car enthusiasts in which actively repairing and refurbishing them with their own hands is a key component of their activities
* see groups of Researchers (NTs) with a mix of contempt and respectful wariness; view these groups as not particularly useful for doing “real work” or facing “the real world”, but can find themselves confused by the insight and knowledge presented by researchers
* see groups of Socials (SFs) as fun company but a bit lightweight
* see groups of Humanitarians (NFs) as either totally puzzling in their ideas and beliefs or intimidatingly worth of admiration for the same reason

*ENTJs (Researchers):*

* in groups that have formed around a common interest, they limit their interactions to the exchange of ideas in their common area of interest
* little focus on the exchange of personal experiences regarding relationships
* unlikely to involve physical activities, except perhaps walks with ongoing discussions
* typical examples of such groups include those centered around interest in science fiction, role-playing games, groups of political discussions, etc.
* see groups of Socials (SFs) as fairly vapid and boring, but may be somewhat jealous of their usually greater faculty for social interaction and forming relationships
* see groups of Pragmatists (STs) as narrow-minded and uninteresting, but also slightly intimidating due to their mechanical and physical skills
* see groups of Humanitarians (NFs) as sympathetic and non-threatening, but are often confused by their motivations

**Romance Styles**

The romance styles are determined by our strongest valued perceiving function.  Earlier discussions about romance referred to the *perspective* of the type on romance - their values and expectations.  Romance style, on the other hand, refers to their *approach toward* and *behavior in* romantic relationships.  Please try to disregard the slightly derogatory names of these small groups lol.  SPs are Aggressors, NJs are Victims, SJs are Caregivers, and NPs are Childlike.

A note about romance styles for LGBT couples or any other partnership that doesn't involve the traditional masculine and feminine roles:

Many of the bullet points will remain true regardless, but in cases where masculine and feminine roles are specified, I've identified three possibilities for how the discrepancy could be resolved - and the true answer could be one, or more, or none of these; we don't have any research on it that I'm aware of.  They include:

* one person primarily takes the "masculine" role (pursuer), and one the "feminine" (receiver) for their type.  The reason I say this is that an NJ white knight + an SP aggressive conqueror (two pursuing roles) or an NJ damsel in distress + an SP spoiled princess (two receiving roles) don't really make sense.  So possibly depending on context, individual personality, etc. one would primarily take the role usually attributed to the other gender
* they take turns in each role as time goes on, or make amalgamations of each role.  For example a lesbian SP might mix "aggressive conqueror" with "spoiled princess" and make like a "spoiled Xena princess" role, and then her NJ counterpart mixes "white knight" plus "damsel in distress" to become...I dunno, like, "her sidekick that always needs to be rescued"?  Lol I'm having trouble imagining what they could be, but I'm sure there's something that combines the relevant traits
* they have new roles that they take on, that preserve essential characteristics but fit more comfortably into LGBT culture

*ESTJs (Caregiver):*

* attraction is naturally sparked by the perceived aesthetic attributes of the prospective partner
* attraction wanes if partner is perceived as “too aggressive” sexually
* tender, soft approach
* adopts a ‘maternal’ approach toward the physical comfort and needs of their partner
* interest is maintained is partner allows themselves to be taken care of in this way
* assumes their partner will need help in practical, daily matters
* is not very concerned with “who broke up with whom”
* power is not an important dynamic in the relationship
* generally feels a “sleepy drifting” nature, and appreciates Ne impulses from another person designed to shake them out of it from time to time
* ESTJ men are experienced and attentive to the inner world of a female partner.  They can put themselves in a good position for dating by being protective of her.  In love games he very much appreciates feminine tenderness and vulnerability, and hopes for her to admire his life experiences and skills.
* ESTJ women care for their male partner.  They’re attracted to weak but intelligent men who accept her lead in daily activities.  She likes to support, to protect, to cheer him up.  She forgives or even happily accepts certain traits that society doesn’t respect in a man.  She rejects intense and rough touch.  She is turned off by force or a lack of foreplay and finds relationships with strong, forceful men to be disappointing.  She needs a “childlike” man - reluctant, hesitant, enticing.  She likes soft caresses and gentle, subtle touches of her erogenous zones.
* views SPs as a bit over-the-top sexually and when flirting, and doesn’t find them very pleasant to have stable intimate relationships with
* views NJs in relationships as puzzling and never contented, sometimes even as paranoid and insecure.  ESTJ women are not satisfied with these relations because his caprices, tricks, and forceful provocations surprise her and turn her off
* views other SJs as comfortable in relationships, but somehow less than satisfactory.  Other SJs often disappoint ESTJs after some time.  Although they don’t have much against such relationships, they start to feel a lack of spiritual connection sooner or later 
* views NPs as delightful partners with a sense of fun that brings joy to their lives

*ENTJs (Victim)*

* prone to initial doubts about the intensity of their own interest in another person
* not always confident about revealing their interest
* focus their attention on whether or not the other person might reciprocate interest
* question whether the other person’s interest will remain constant with time
* prefer partners that provoke a certain sense of awe in terms of power, physical presence, etc.
* appreciate a sense of power-play present when interacting with such partners
* will accept a slight sense of superiority on the part of the partner, but never actually “submit” to them
* somewhat expects the partner to be “mean” on occasion
* in male ENTJs with female partners, this often manifests similarly to the “white knight devoted to his princess” archetype
* focuses mainly on mutual attraction, particularly the attraction felt by the other person, especially the longer-term perspective and future implications
* expects that their partner will continuously take action to confirm their attraction
* failure of their partner to do so results in the ENTJ assuming that the relationship is already changing
* counts on their partner to forcefully and continually bring them “down to earth from their thoughts” and focus on the immediate physical reality
* would prefer to admit to a relationship having been ended by the partner rather than by themselves
* Gulenko calls ENTJs “comic victims”, as opposed to NFJ “tragic victims”, but I don’t know what this means unfortunately
* ENTJ men idealize a commanding woman.  They adapt to her tastes, respect her willpower and desires.  Sometimes emphasizes dependence and obedience in his own behavior, and other times is out of control.  In a relationship with a woman, he subconsciously awaits orders, tricks, and reprimands.  If he doesn’t receive these reactions, he subconsciously provokes them.
* ENTJ women idealize a physically strong man, resembling the lead in an action movie.  She wishes to experience his force on herself, to resist his pressure, to feel a ‘victim’.  In love games, she prefers different forms of opposition and confrontation that fuel the passions of their partner.  Women of this type are more likely to have masochistic traits, though not all of them are conscious of it.
* views SPs as pleasantly reassuring, providing direct unequivocal signals of their interests and intents, and taking concrete actions and initiatives to meet their goals.  They find the Aggressors’ conscious realization of their sexual desires to be attractive and positively influencing their own level of romantic motivation.  An ENTJ woman cleverly plays on her weakness, vulnerability, or disorganization, which provokes SP men to undertake prompt, decisive actions.  In love games, the greatest values for her are strong embraces and feeling the power of the male body, yielding to which she shows her submission to his will.  *(I feel like I’m in the middle of a romance novel and it’s slightly embarrassing lol; maybe it’s just because I’m a Victim woman myself lol.)*  
* views other NJs as puzzling, evasive, even non-committal, not giving them clear signals and playing “waiting” and “push-pull” games that slow down relationship development, but ENTJs also find them to be exciting partners if a certain stage of “certainty” is finally reached.  When two NJs date, they often try to make the other adopt Aggressor behavior or patiently wait for each other to adopt this role on their own.  They compete with each other in sacrificial attitudes and demand special consideration for this.  Frequently such games wear out and exhaust both of them.
* views SJs as a reassuring, supportive, smooth, and stable presence in their life, but also somewhat dull and monotonous.  The excessive attention the SJ pays to the ENTJ’s needs and statements feels confusing and irritating.  The SJ’s inclination to safeguard and protect the ENTJ from life’s troubles is appreciated and viewed as supportive at first, but eventually it is seen as intrusive and unnecessary.  An ENTJ woman feels comfortable with SJs but finds them too dull as partners.
* views NPs as interesting, refreshing, and captivating in an intellectual sense, but ultimately too focused on mental explorations and idle talk in absence of any realistic initiatives.  In everyday life, ENTJs may see NPs as too demanding and capricious, expecting too much care, which ENTJs find exhausting to provide.  ENTJ women are prone to seeing NP men as not capable of providing solid support or concrete initiatives, as well as being slightly irritating and not sufficiently strong or resolute.  


**DICHOTOMIES**

I have relisted the dichotomies in order from most to least relevant and determinative, in my opinion.  You should consider the descriptions toward the beginning to hold more weight in typing than those toward the end.

**Sensing vs. Intuitive**

This is one of the dichotomies that Isabel Briggs Myers focused on, and due to its popularity, often one of the most misunderstood.

*ESTJs (sensing):*

* more realistic and down to earth *(This is true of ESTJs in particular; however, they still have quite a bit of fanciful goofiness to them.  This often comes in the form of a childlike attraction to things like Disney, cutesy or silly stuff, dad jokes, or things that others might consider “dorky”.)*
* notice details more than than the big picture
* more focused on their surroundings, living in the here and now
* more naturally comfortable with physical confrontations *(ESTJs don’t value aggression or violence, and most of them seek to avoid any kind of argument or confrontation.  That said, many ESTJs have “anger issues” and struggle to keep their emotions in check, and any ESTJ will be more than happy to completely settle a fight or confrontation once and for all if it comes down to it.)*
* often more interested in practice than in theory

*ENTJs (intuitive):*

* more idealistic and head-in-the-clouds *(ENTJs are often exceedingly practical people, who implement big goals and seek to do things in the real world.  That said, their actions are oriented around their dreams and desires, hoping to match their real life to what they imagine...telling them something is not possible is not a big deterrent, because they easily find a way to make it happen; also they can overanalyze theoretical things a lot)*
* notice the big picture more than the details
* more focused on ideas than on surroundings
* less naturally comfortable with physical confrontations *(ENTJs will enter into a physical confrontation with reluctance when necessary; however, they do have the capability to produce a relative degree of force and power.  They often overestimate exactly how likely they are to win a fight and can feel overwhelmed and surprised by SPs.  That said, they can be quite forceful and intimidating people, who achieve more with the threat of anger or action than with actually following through.)*
* often more interested in theory than in practice

**Process vs. Result**

Process types: INFP, ISTP, **ESTJ**, ENFJ, ESFP, ENTP, INTJ, ISFJ
Result types: INTP, ISFP, ESFJ, **ENTJ**, ESTP, ENFP, INFJ, ISTJ

There is [soooooooooooooo much](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Process_and_result) more research on this than I can include here; sometimes trying to decipher Gulenko’s research is a project in and of itself for me.  I also have some of my own research on this dichotomy, but that mainly references how perfectionism/neuroticism vs. indifference/negligence manifests in each type and is unlikely to be particularly noticeable unless someone is closer to one or the other axis of those attitudes.  For example, a common misconception is that only process types can be neurotic, which is far from the truth.  If you’d like more information about a specific case related to that, let me know in the comments and I’ll give you some info.  Also, another common misconception is that because process types are “complexifying” (a horrible INTP word that misses much of the point), they are also more *complex* as individuals; this of course is not the case.

*ESTJs (process):*

* Do things sequentially, from the beginning to the end
* Feel like there's a "right" way to do any particular task, such as preparing dinner, and get confused or distracted if the steps go out of sequence
* Immersed to a process and tend toward single-tasking, or completing steps in a predictable pattern *(e.g. I am a process type and I "multi-task" by studying one section of a textbook, and then cleaning up ten objects, and then reading one Reddit thread, and then playing one level of a Flash game, and then starting over and studying one section of the textbook, and so on)*
* Most focused in the middle of a task
* Find it hard to start over when interrupted - they see an entire process as a whole and find re-entering a process where they left off psychologically similar to starting over entirely
* More motivated by "to-do" checklists - checking off each task as it's completed
* More inclined to read text on books or the computer from beginning to the end (may or may not involve skimming - the important part is that it's mostly sequential)
* Prefer following step-by-step instructions
* Often use the word “process” when speaking
* “Finishing something isn’t easy, nor is starting something, but the hardest thing to do is to return to the middle of something I’ve abandoned a long time ago.”
* “It’s difficult to force myself to get started, but once I do, it just rolls forward by itself.”
* "Of course the answer is right/result is good - we followed the correct procedure."

*ENTJs (result):*

* Do things in an unpredictable order, seeming (to process types) to do them from the end to the beginning
* Detached from process and tend toward multitasking; feel that a process is something external to them (it is easy to oversee several processes at once)
* Most focused at the beginning and end of a task
* Find it hard to start a task that they know they don't have the time, energy, or interest to complete right away
* More motivated by targets or goals - spending a certain number of hours a week doing something or meeting a certain deadline
* More inclined to read texts on books or computer randomly, maybe reading random paragraphs or chapters (may or may not digest it thoroughly - the important part is that the sequence is often out of order)
* Prefers being given necessary information and goals and figuring out the steps by themselves
* Make intermediate and final estimates of progress, to sum up the results or output
* Feel uncomfortable when the process they’re involved in has no clear, defined result
* Poorly monitor process progression - can only monitor their position in a process by evaluating projected results
* In speech, often use the words “beginning”, “end”, “stage”, “interval”, and “result”.
* “It’s interesting to start something or to finish it - I like visualizing a finished project or task.”
* “Why can’t you listen and eat at the same time?”  *(Result types often don’t seem to mind eating something at the same time as they’re running to catch a bus or whatever; as a process type myself, I personally find that totally baffling lol.)*
* "Of course we followed the correct procedure, since we got the right answer/a good result."

**Asking vs. Declaring**

My favorite!!!  I've been doing a lot of work in this area over the past few months and I find it an incredibly interesting dichotomy.  It also needs more formalized research, but don't worry, I've got you covered, boo. ;)  Asking is xNTP, xSTJ, xNFJ, xSFP.  Declaring is xSTP, xNTJ, xSFJ, xNFP.

*ESTJs (asking):*

* tendency to dialogue
* much of what they say seems more question-like, even statements
* always, as the other person talks, affirm the receipt of information with yeah, mhm, etc.
* can talk to an audience as a whole very well
* start talking at times expecting someone to get interested and start paying attention
* has a tendency to interrupt and feels comfortable pausing half-way in speech and in a "questions allowed all the time" way, returning to what was said later if necessary
* quite often asks a non-rhetorical question and answers it themself
* often just asks questions to fill in time, without serious need to actually find the information asked

*my research*

* requested criticism or praise is mostly ignored or discarded; most effective criticism or praise is that which is offered unsolicited
* performs tasks in steady streams and passively accepts &amp; collects external judgments in "piles", which they refer to later in judging their value or success (self-evaluation and self-esteem are more stable/difficult to change and are an accumulation of collected data)
* askers judge their value and worth mainly in terms of verbal feedback - specifically for ESTJs, the most fulfilling feedback generally comes in the form of praise and being told they're "good"
* ESTJs often focus on easier-to-achieve or lower stakes feedback, such as being vindicated and told they were "right", but are less comforted or motivated by such feedback
* ESTJs are most discouraged and hurt by other people's judgment or disgust. This is also how they tend to express disapproval toward others.

* I still haven't come up with the perfect way to word this insight theoretically, so please forgive me, I know it sounds really strange.  But essentially you can think of askers as spiders who think about and judge concepts by crawling along their webs to a different node (where each node or meeting of threads is an 'idea' or 'place' or 'viewpoint').  They are mobile in terms of worldview or judgment - easily crawling to other nodes.  They communicate with others who are currently sharing their 'node', and require others to join them at their node - e.g. adapt to their viewpoint or mindset, even temporarily - in order to effectively communicate them.  They may have a node that they prefer (e.g. a "home base", an "essential worldview), but they feel comfortable moving between them.  Additionally, certain askers - xSFPs and xSTJs - are "building spiders" - they spend more time adjusting the threads that connect between nodes - while other askers - xNTPs and xNFJs - are "traveling spiders" - they spend more time moving than adjusting.  


***

Continued in the comments!  Please upvote it so people can find it easily. :)Hey guys!

I'm trying to fill out [my site](http://junglove.net/) with a variety of articles and topics of interest for new or returning typology enthusiasts.

Right now I would especially like to expand my "Advice &amp; Personal Growth" category, but I need some topics to talk about!

So, ask me some simple questions and I'll choose a few to make a video around. :)  I'm particularly looking for questions related to:

* **life advice** (relationships, jobs, emotional issues, etc.)
* **simple typology Q&amp;A** (What does x mean?  What's the difference between A and B?)
* **explanations about people or society** (I recently uploaded a video about why SJW's are often considered "unattractive" as the topic relates to typology.  So if you want an explanation of behavior or some social phenomenon you don't understand, this is a good place to get that!)

Depending on engagement, I may not be able to respond to every question, but I'll do my best.  I'm really looking forward to seeing what you guys come up with!Hey guys!

In honor of the relaunch of my [Jung Love website](http://junglove.net/) with a fresh new post format, I'm seeking input from the community -

**Who do you want to see typed by me?**

Post the name of a celebrity - musician, actor, YouTuber, politician, whoever you've been curious about!  On Sunday, June 25, at 8am EST, I will take the top three upvoted names and make type posts for those celebs.  I'll even credit the contributor on the site!  (Add a note in the comment if you prefer to be anonymous.)

Rules:

* Only real people, no fictional characters (for now).
* Entries must either have a Wikipedia page or at least 100,000 subscribers on YouTube.
* There must be videos of the person on the internet somewhere.
* There is a slight chance I won't be able to type the winners with confidence.  In that case, I will add them to my future to-do list and return to them later, and choose the next highest name for this round.

Have fun! :D

**UPDATE: Contest is closed!  Thank you SO MUCH to everyone who participated!  Below are our winners:**

* Osama bin Laden
* Arnold Schwarzenegger
* David Lynch

And, I'm throwing in a bonus runner-up since the votes are so close:

* Florence Welch

Keep an eye out for these posts on [the site](http://junglove.net) this coming week!Come join the conversation ~~[here](https://www.youtube.com/user/CeilingofStars/live)~~!

ETA: All done!  You can watch the archive [here](https://youtu.be/t03fKvbKVIw).  Anyway thank you SO MUCH to everyone who participated!  I hope you had a great time; we'll do it again soon. :)Enjoy!

\&gt;&gt;&gt; [How to Spot an ISTP](https://junglove.net/how-to-spot-an-istp/) &lt;&lt;&lt;

***

*Previously: [ISTJ](https://junglove.net/how-to-spot-an-istj/)*I'm looking for people such as:

* serial killers
* mass murderers
* famous conmen
* mafia types
* dictators

and the like.

I have [Osama bin Laden](https://junglove.net/osama-bin-laden/) and [Kim Jong-Un](https://junglove.net/kim-jong-un/) on my site but not many else in my queue!  Who are some of the most interesting "dark" people you'd like to see typed?

Thank you! I just ran across [this guy's](https://www.reddit.com/r/malelivingspace/comments/715ii4/moved_into_a_smaller_shared_room_at_college_but/) room and thought, 'Oh man, he's gotta be ENTJ, right?'  Lol.

Feel free to show a different room if you like, too.  Don't forget to turn off your flair if you want people to guess!I need inspiration!  Who do you want me to type?  Please put **one name per comment** and upvote the names of other people you'd like to see.  I'll type the most popular entries and put them on [my site](https://junglove.net/) in the coming days!

Requirements:

1. The person may be a celebrity, politician, academic, author, YouTuber, or other public figure.
2. They must either have a Wikipedia page OR at least 10,000 subscribers on YouTube.
3. There must be at least a few high quality videos of them speaking online.Just because I've been sitting on this and need somewhere to get it out. :)  Don't have time to update the site lately.

* Joe Biden - ESTJ
* Cory Booker - ENTP
* Pete Buttigieg - ISTJ
* John Delaney - ISFJ
* Tulsi Gabbard - ISFJ
* Mike Gravel - ENTP
* Kamala Harris - ENTJ
* Beto O'Rourke - ISTJ
* Bernie Sanders - ENTJ
* Donald Trump - ESTP
* Elizabeth Warren - INFP
* Marianne Williamson - ESTP
* Andrew Yang - ISTJ

If there's anyone in politics that you're interested in let me know and I'll type them for you.Generally extraverts, but there are plenty of examples of all types.

**ExxJs** tend toward stocky body types regardless of weight.  This includes [muscular and sturdy](https://media.vanityfair.com/photos/5859629d9ec59e7377e1ca64/master/w_768,c_limit/arnold-schwarzenegger-bodybuilding-insecurities.jpg), [thick and curvy](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/34/e6/dc/34e6dcd8c228b61ca2e7da95e4c95599.jpg), and [gamine](https://heightline.com/wp-content/uploads/pjimage-1-39.jpg) (short, low body fat, and boy-ish).  What they have in common is that they're sturdily built.  It's often difficult for [ExxJ actresses](https://thehshq.com/d/167938-1/kate-winslet-0334.jpg?g2_imageViewsIndex=1) to seem thin even when [they have very low BMIs](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/13/4f/67/134f67dc71a4342a6ef52278068e9ff5.jpg).  Scroll down to the Body section of my [How to Spot an ESTJ](https://junglove.net/how-to-spot-an-estj/) post for more examples.

**ExxPs** tend to cluster around [thin and noodly](https://cdn.realitytvworld.com/images/dbpeople/1953.jpg), [chubby buff](https://78.media.tumblr.com/661c7a2f71be0d120cc7ea3a8f4359b1/tumblr_nvprrw2JtO1uncwmqo2_500.gif), and [round](https://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/09/16/article-2757442-216573C300000578-168_306x666.jpg).  Muscles tend to be long and sinewy unless specifically targeted by strength training.  Fat generally tends to accumulate more in the midsection.  Lots of beer bellies on older ExxP men.

**IxxJs** for the most part are [thin and bony](https://66.media.tumblr.com/c93340f69fd4ac709097fee1c5d42b36/tumblr_nx6rs0tvZA1sonbmlo1_500.png), but they do sometimes get [chubby](http://www.slate.com/content/dam/slate/blogs/browbeat/2015/07/09/why_with_hannibal_buress_reviewed/466361436-comedian-hannibal-buress-onstage-at-the-comedy-central.jpg.CROP.promo-xlarge2.jpg) and even quite [fat](https://cdn.neow.in/news/images/uploaded/2014/09/kimdotcom_story.jpg).  They don't really get "built" like ExxJs, nor are they soft and thin like IxxPs and some ExxPs can be.  Here is [How to Spot an INFJ](https://junglove.net/how-to-spot-an-infj/) and [How to Spot an ISTJ](https://junglove.net/how-to-spot-an-istj/).

**IxxPs** are the least likely to be fat.  They're usually noodle thin - [soft and floppy](https://i.pinimg.com/736x/46/31/5e/46315e1a2f3209f9ddc7e8f4c5eaf995--butcher-shop-albinwonderland-style.jpg) or just generally [slight](http://www3.pictures.zimbio.com/gi/John+Mulaney+Mulaney+Premiere+Event+aaZicxdciu6l.jpg).  When they try to build muscle they get [stronger but not much bigger](http://www.scottiehobbs.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/298_298_eminem-the-home-body.jpg).  There are a few examples of IxxPs who got [very fat](https://i2-prod.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article1930704.ece/ALTERNATES/s1200/George-RR-Martin.jpg), but they are the [exception](https://media.graytvinc.com/images/810*454/Steve+Bannon+in+Alabama.jpg) and not the rule.  There aren't many chubby IxxPs - they tend toward all or nothing, and partly this is because they don't really read as big even when they [do gain weight](https://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2017/01/30/11/3CA89E5F00000578-4169640-image-m-96_1485775144308.jpg).  Here is [How to Spot an ISTP](https://junglove.net/how-to-spot-an-istp/).In general, irrational types (ExxPs and IxxJs) resent being told what to do, yes.  That said, ISTJs can be suck-ups so just having a boss/superior in itself isn't enough to make them uncomfortable.  In fact, I would say that if you can tell someone what to do, go away, and come back and have it completed, especially if it's an intellectual task, they're more likely to be IxTP than IxxJ.  IxxJs benefit more from being checked up on regularly.Lack of Ni for the first question, especially SJs and ESxPs.  ESxJs often won't even see the motives after the fact or after it's been pointed out to them.

The second depends on what you mean.  I'd need specific examples.The corporate MBTI test is shit.  The different percentages attributed to distribution of the types would better be understood as the degree of inaccuracy in the test.

My observation is that types are about evenly distributed.Ne-doms mistype as everything.  It's more normal for an Ne-dom to mistype or at least be uncertain that to settle into their type right away.Could be Si in any position.  Even ENxJs have Si.All types use all functions.  The main stack you're thinking of is what's called our "valued" functions.  ENxJs have Si as an unvalued function (it's our vulnerable function).  There are lots of good models but [here's](https://junglove.net/function-position/) the main one I use.

&gt; I assume Si in different positions takes different roles and has different intensity.

Yes, this is true.  But as someone with weak, unvalued Si, I get strong feelings related to sound effects from video games I played as a child too.  So those examples are not enough to differentiate between strong and weak Si.

&gt; I know I am an introvert

You might very well be.  I would caution, though, that a lot of Ne-doms (ENxPs) also self-identify as introverts, especially those with introverted subtypes.  As a Normalizing ENFJ (my subtype is introverted) I also feel more socially introverted - don't like going out a lot, like to read, etc.A guide to visually typing ESTJs.

Please feel free to respond to this comment with the names of suspected ESTJs (celebrities, politicians, etc.) and I'll take a look at them and let you know. :)Yes, a silly oversight on my part. ;):3Awww!  I will do it eventually, I promise.  I have lots of material to work with since I'm married to one :PNot yet!  Those will be fun to make for sure though. :)Definitely.  I just discovered the Kibbe body types system.  I'm not sure how accurate it is but I've been playing around with sorting typed people and seeing if there's a correlation.  So far there have been definitely correlations but with outliers.  I don't think the body types are real "types" like personality types are, more clusters or tendencies (because it seems that you can be kind of on the border between types for instance), but maybe in the future I can make heat maps or something to display the intersection and also that there's not a perfect correlation.Thank you; I agree.  That and ISTP were my first ones before I figured out the format I liked.  I'll go back and redo them once I get through all the types. :)There will be in the future! :)I'm ENFJ and my ex-fiance was ISFJ.

Also, both my mom and stepmom are ESFJ and my dad is INFJ.

So I've seen supervisor relations from both directions.

Both from what I've experienced myself and observed with my dad, the pros are that conversation flows really well and it's easy to form a really comfortable, natural friendship.  Talking to and hanging out with the other person is really fun.  Both of you think the same *general* things are important - family, emotions, values, etc.  Trouble happens when you disagree on specific implementations of these things, but those can be worked out sometimes.  For the cons, serious dead bedroom situations usually arise.  There's not much passion or romantic interest.  Fights can be big and hard to fully resolve.  

I think the above is probably true for any relationship of supervision.  For FJ to FJ specifically, I think one of the biggest problems is that both parties feel entitled to emotional babying, so to speak.  They both act like, "I have a feeling and that trumps reality!"  And they're both weak at actually perceiving reality or seeing things from an impersonal perspective so that can lead to a lot of drama.

Oh I just remembered I actually dated an INFJ for a few months too.  There was actually a BIT more sexual chemistry in that case (though not a ton), and a lot more romantic harmony, but the temperament differences (ExxJ + IxxJ) kind of took over the whole relationship.  We understood the other person better so the other person's flaws or decisions to do the opposite of what we wanted seemed even more pronounced.  These relationships work better from a bit more psychological distance, where one person's fate doesn't depend on the other one at all.

I haven't dated an ESFJ that I can think of, but based on my experiences with them I suspect it wouldn't last long at all.  As a close friendship it MIGHT do really well but only if we have other things in common (common interests, values, etc.)  I don't think I could handle another ENFJ.  It would be very, very dramatic and intense.  Even a friendship would be hard and would probably only work if we were compatible subtypes and had common interest.  For example there's another ENFJ homeschooling mom I follow online who's a compatible subtype to me, and I think she would be fun to hang out with for lunches or shopping trips on occasion and discuss *that* particular issue, as long as we stayed away from things we disagree on for the most part.

Other ENFJs can be really fun to banter with though, or to band together with to convince someone of something.  But yeah I don't even know if I could handle a one-night-stand with one, let alone a relationship.Ooooh good question!

I agree with others here - **L** from Death Note is a fantastic example.  Normalizing subtype.

Others include:

* Any Anya Taylor-Joy character.  Highlights include **Casey** from Split and **Thomasin** from The VVITCH.
* Any Michael Cera character.  My favorite is **Nick Twisp** from Youth in Revolt.  Creative subtype.
* Jesse Eisenberg's characters, e.g. **Columbus** from Zombieland.
* Basically any character played by an INTP is going to be INTP unless their character's words or mannerisms are REALLY off, and then they'll just seem like an unrealistic amalgamation lol.  INTPs are not good at imitating other types.
* **Alice** from Alice in Wonderland.  Dominant subtype.
* **Poussey Washington** from Orange Is the New Black (not sure about the actress's type though, could be a different IxxP.)
* **Ashley** from Until Dawn; actress is ENFP and it shows sometimes.
* I cannot for the life of me figure out what type Kodi Smit-McPhee is, but his character **Keda** in Alpha is a Harmonizing INTP.
* **Holden Ford** from Mindhunter.  Transitions from Harmonizing to Dominant subtype over the course of season 1.  Not sure about the actor.

There are a lot of kind of INTP/INFP mashups in Hollywood and fiction in general, I think partly because there aren't a ton of INTP actors, partly because screenwriters and authors are often INFPs themselves, and partly because America is an ESTJ culture.  These characters are, I believe, meant to be INTP, although they have INFP actors or some of their mannerisms aren't quite right:

* **Edith** from Crimson Peak
* **Milo** from Atlantis
* **Spencer Reid** from Criminal Minds.  Creative subtype.
* Plenty of other examples that aren't coming to mind atm.Sure. :)  They're called the DCNH subtypes (for **D**ominant **C**reative **N**ormalizing **H**armonizing).

Essentially, subtype is a layer of personality separate from type.  Whereas type is something we're born with that is unchanged throughout our lives, subtype is something we develop in childhood in order to better fit into / balance out our social group (usually family).  Subtype often stays the same throughout life but does have the potential to change depending on changing circumstances.  Long-term couples tend to shift to compatible subtypes, for example, if they didn't start out that way.

Subtypes can be classified by the same four-letter code as types, but in general we often refer to them in terms of temperament as that seems to be the most visible component.  Dominants are ExxJs, Creatives are ExxPs, Normalizers are IxxPs, and Harmonizers are IxxJs.  In differentiating between type and subtype, it's useful to see how a person is *trying* to be.  For example, you can find actors of any type, but you'll disproportionately find Creative subtypes among them (especially for people whose type is not extraverted to start with).

Anyway, enough of my babbling.  If you like you can check out Victor Gulenko's work on the topic.

[Here](https://socioniks.net/basicknowledge/) is the page that has all of his article on subtypes (the second group of articles).  Unfortunately it's in Russian or Ukrainian so you'll have to grab the link and run it through Google Translate.  A couple to start you off:

* [Understanding Subtypes](https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;u=https%3A%2F%2Fsocioniks.net%2Farticle%2F%3Fid%3D34&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url)
* [Subtype Theory: DCNH System](https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=https%3A%2F%2Fsocioniks.net%2Farticle%2F%3Fid%3D35)

Keep in mind the differences in notation when talking about types or subtypes in Socionics vs. western typology.

Feel free to ask if you have any questions.My pleasure &lt;3It was a long time coming.  Things were never bad enough to justify it, and our lives were pretty entwined, so we stayed together and got more and more bitter.  We were good friends but had almost no physical chemistry.  I was not my best self with him, nor (I presume) him with me.

We were polyamorous in the last half of our relationship and I was out of the country visiting my (now) husband.  When my ex asked if I missed him, I answered truthfully that I didn't really, especially since he was acting very strange from my perspective.  He then told me that I was marrying the wrong guy (meaning him).  I was really angry and I felt really rejected but in the end it was definitely the best decision and he was right.  So I went back home, packed all my stuff, moved across the world, and married my INTP.  Best thing that ever happened to me.

(I still miss my ex though; we really were very close for a time.)Yes, of course. :)

In general the relation that has the most romantic and sexual chemistry and long-term potential is the dual or semi-dual.

Dual: same valued functions in opposite order.  For example, ENFJ-ISTP or ISFJ-ENTP.

Semi-dual: Dominant and Inferior functions are switched, but middle functions are different.  ENFJ-INTP or ISFJ-ENFPSure.  In general, the most romantic and sexual chemistry will occur between two people whose dominant and inferior functions are switched.  For ExFJs, this is IxTPs.  For IxFJs, this is ENxPs.

The extent that we're attracted to people of other types is usually because we're projecting our image of an ideal partner onto them.  This makes relations of supervision (ENFJ/ISFJ and ESFJ/ISFJ in this case) especially dangerous because one partner has the other partner's inferior function as their *demonstrative* function - this means that they are very strong in that function, which is attractive to the other partner, but actually they don't value it like someone who had it as their dominant.  So for example, an ENFJ seems very Ne to an ISFJ, which is attractive to them.  But they won't ever be happy with an ENFJ the way they would with an ENFP or ENTP, because the ENFJ doesn't value their Ne.  They seek to hide it, downplay it, see it as "too easy" or kind of embarrassing, etc.  The same is true for an INFJ and an ESFJ's Se.

As time goes on, the illusion will break and you'll realize the person is not who you imagined they were, and any attraction that existed will fade.  Of course you can still feel plenty of love and affection, but the sexual/romantic chemistry will be mostly gone.

Also, temperament differences can lead to a lot of problems in romantic chemistry especially.  ExxJ + IxxJ will be very unsatisfied with each other's approach to life.  ExxJ + ExxJ or IxxJ + IxxJ are better, but still not ideal.I haven't seen much Arrested Development so I can't comment on that; it's certainly possible.

It's been a while since I saw Scott Pilgrim but I would say his character in the movie is INTP at least.  It's based on a graphic novel isn't it?  So I don't know what the original character was meant to be.A way to conceptualize it that may make it less stressful for you is this:

When we encounter a new idea or piece of information, we evaluate it on the spot.  Once it's met a certain threshold of proof or substantiation, we accept it as provisionally true.  But we only store the fact/conclusion, not the proof or the argument that led us to accept it.  This is useful for gathering a lot of good information and making fast, relatively accurate (heuristic-driven) decisions.  However, what often happens is that there are a lot of things we "KNOW" but cannot prove or convince others of, or even remember why we came to believe/know them in the first place.

I've found the best solution to this to be twofold:

1. Stop trying to convince people of things.  Just accept that I'm not good at convincing people, and that I don't need to in order to be happy and to have my own opinions.  I only explain, not convince - if someone wants to know what I think or believe, I'll tell them, but if they demand to know why or get argumentative I just drop it and move on to more fruitful endeavors.
2. I recognize that I'm not always the best at sifting through those "on-the-spot" arguments or evidence.  I sometimes make mistakes, even really big ones.  So I've come to understand that just because I KNOW something to be true, it doesn't necessarily mean it is.  Certainty is just a feeling.  So I push myself to be open to listening to the perspectives and arguments of people who have proven themselves to be intellectually trustworthy, even if it contradicts something I feel certain about.A lot of ISFPs are extremely impractical.  They absolutely live in fantasy worlds, often more than INFPs because they have weak Ni.  So they'll talk for five years about how they're gonna move to Spain one day to marry the girl they "love" despite only talking to her like once a month and blowing all their money on rollerblades and take-out.  True story.

ISFPs can be extremely insecure and needy, if that's what you mean by self-conscious.  Michael Jackson?  Judy Garland?  Many of them live and die on the opinions of others and yet expose themselves to rejection over and over because they crave admiration and acceptance so much.

I don't know that they're more adaptable - in some senses certainly.  But they are probably less likely to ruminate on their wrongdoings, that's true.

Anyway wanting to be another type is what subtypes are for.

And this:

&gt; What do I do when I'm meant to be something else?

Meant to be, according to whom?  Who did the "meaning"?It depends what type you are.  Visual typing is the most accurate - even some experts like Gulenko get typing by description/character traits wrong - but is harder with weak Fe.  Still, I've seen an INTP get great at it and an ENTP get pretty good so it's not impossible.  It takes a lot of effort and practice though, even for an xxFJ.&gt; So far, I noticed lots of my xNFP were xSFP.

How did you notice this?Tests are terrible at typing people.  It's likely that many of these people are mistyped.

Ne-doms in particular often seem skeptical of their types.:blush: Thank you so much.  I hope to do INFP soon!

As for attraction, my opinion is that unabashedly being yourself is the most attractive thing you can do.  Also, offering to help people who are not good at the thing you're good at.  But I might at some point create something like "guide to making xyz type happy" or "guide to relationships with xyz type", things like that.so true ;_;No...No need to be sorry. :)  You might be thinking about a real phenomenon, but you need to narrow it down more.  It's a problem I run into a lot.  Happy to help if you want to ask questions.So to address both of your points - I use primarily visual typing.  I've learned hundreds of visual markers for type and can determine type very quickly from video most of the time.  Unfortunately, without that input, my accuracy drops dramatically.  This makes it difficult to type historical figures - I can guess based on writing, reported attitude, pictures, etc. but the majority of the time it's really just an educated guess.

It's astute that you notice Peterson seems balanced, as he's actually an ENTJ subtype.  That balance between the temperament of his type and that of his subtype can definitely make someone more difficult to immediately pinpoint.  In terms of how I came to type him, it's unfortunately quite difficult to communicate as it relies on my internal algorithm of hundreds of subtle visual cues.  You may be interested in this [How to Spot an ISTP](https://junglove.net/how-to-spot-an-istp/) post I wrote, although it really needs some updating.  If you have weak Fe, it will take a lot of focused work to get to the point where you can consistently spot those visual cues, although I'm happy to report that I've seen marked improvement in INTPs, ISTJs, and even ENTPs so it is not hopeless!

Probably the most obvious non-visual indicator of Jordan Peterson's type is his tertiary Ni and vulnerable Ne.  He shows a lot of interest and attraction to theoretical and metaphorical content, but his realizations are often backward - that is, he decides or discovers something from experience (demo Si) and then "discovers" that message in a myth or story, rather than interpreting the myth first and looking for examples of it in the real world.  And his vulnerable Ne is very clear too in that he struggles to imagine possible interpretations other than his own - even the existence of these interpretations seems to elude him in many cases.  He's very talented rhetorically and intellectually within the framework of his own understanding, but once he is forced to step outside of that, he struggles.  That's really common with Sensors in general and especially ISxPs.No fictional characters please. :3  But he's clearly ENTP lol.  Or more precisely, the ego of an ENTP - he's what some ENTP writer(s) or creator(s) see (or want to see) themselves.

...unless you meant the journalist?[Here you go](https://junglove.net/ben-finegold/), love!

u/tryingtobehere, you're onto something!  His subtype is ENTP.  It's common for xNTPs to be more proficient in spotting subtype than type (maybe for low Fe users in general, not sure).  This is the danger in behavioral typing unfortunately.Will you name the friends?  I don't know anything about him. :PAsk and ye shall [receive](https://junglove.net/tim-burton/)!

I was surprised by this one, actually; I'd always assumed he was INFP.&gt; Shane Dawson

[All done!](https://junglove.net/shane-dawson/)  I'll come back and do your other requests once I finish the others in this post. :)Lol maybe an ENFJ on coke.Thanks :D Yeah I had a baby haha
ESFJ here!
The first time I watched it I didn't really listen to the lyrics that much and just kind of felt uncomfortable watching her haha

After reading the lyrics, her acting and the video itself makes more sense with it being acted past the level of realism and into absurdism, I dunno it still kind of makes me uncomfortable which is probably part off her intention anyway!
The whole over the top baby stuff in the video is an effective way of her showing her partner how they're pushing her to her own personal extreme with her comfort and is making her personally feel like a sort of caricature as shown in the video. The obvious adult attributes of her in the video and lyrics differ greatly with the baby stuff allowing there to be a clear contrast between her desire in the relationship and the actual state she's been put in. It could be a super compelling way of showing the emotional stress of a relationship involving pressure from a partner! 

It's just I don't think it's very accessible to a wide audience in the sense that the audience is really likely to feel uncomfortable by the imagery. The whole watching Miley Cyrus be a baby thing kind of makes me feel like a bad person :P, for people who don't usually pay too much attention to lyrics (like me ^_^) the overtop stuff also just kind of seems unprofessional if looked at superficially. So it really cuts down on how many people will appreciate it. Personally, I can't get rid of the gross feeling I have when watching Miley be a baby and I personally find spoken word in song way more effective when kept to a minimum so I don't like it. But I can definitely see how it has its worth as a way of conveying how choking, gross and even humiliating situations like what she describes can feel!
(I hope I actually answered your questions in this, I just kind of threw up what came to mind)
Assuming everyone's type they identify as is correct would be a pretty big mistake. As a community we're able to point out other possibilities and let others be a bit more aware of them! Getting rid of tunnel vision and what not with the aid of others! (I know I'm not great at introspecting so if people point something out for me it really helps!)
Even if the people trying to help correct aren't right they are taking time out to tell you what they think and if it's just that they've worded things badly or rudely then pls don't think of it as someone being mean or whatever, just let their opinion get heard
Whether you accept what someone else says is up to you but you shouldn't ask people to just not talk at all ^_^ 
(When reading over this I realized that I sound like a know-it-all teacher or something and I don't mean to sound like that!)I got a 27!  With the ones involving blocks I was able to rotate them around in my head and it was kind of wild. I'd never really considered my own spatial awareness before but I can tell you how I look from the outside without having to see myself if that gives any insight?

As for daydreaming I do that a lot. Most of the time it's about my own near future and almost 'fantasising' about success and stuff and then using that as motivation in my present. I'm not sure whether that makes me grounded or not? I do also though daydream about being characters on TV shows or someone with powers etc..
Wow, this is so amazingly accurate..I find your interpretation very interesting. Would you mind elaborating how loving Death Note or Linkin Park translates to being NTJ?Cool. Do more videos of the types!Yay!!MBTI theory does not believe in ambiverts. For example an ANFP would not exist because you are either Ne-dominant (ENFP) OR Fi-dominant (INFP). 

Personally I dislike the idea that there's a type that's *definitely* the most extroverted or the most introverted as imo it's more of an individual preference though a pattern for particular types over another to seem so may exist. Extroversion/Introversion should not be confused with only how much someone talks, goes out, etc. since you'll likely mix up extroverts with social anxiety. Cognitive function order aside:

Extroverts focus on the external world / Introverts focus on the internal world.Could you go into how you see ENFJ? Just curious since people saw him as a thinker in the previous thread.Now that's something to think on. If we take a look at this page: https://encyclopediadramatica.se/Onision

We'll notice that Onision once tried to become a cult leader to guide people toward enlightenment. "His plan [was] to stop all animal hunger, any environmental harm, animal abuse, and force everyone to be vegetarians. If they disagreed, they would 'fall back to the earth.' In other words, he'd kill them."

Possible FJ, anyone? I think unhealthy or whatever feelers can seem like or test as thinkers. It's a mistake to think that feeler automatically equals to nice. Asshole feelers do exist, unfortunately.Hahah yeah, I know a bunch of NTJs that love Death Note but also a few NFJs and one ENFP. Seems like a Ni thing overall though.I think Jenna Marbles is ESTP. She does a lot of observational humor. 

She took the test and got INFP though.. https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/3oox51/jenna_marbles_and_her_boyfriend_julien_take_the/

I don't really think labeling SP = boring is correct though. It's that same line of reasoning that makes SO many people mistype as SX first because they want to sound interesting.

Take a look type 4 SP "dauntless" http://9types.com/descr/?type=4&amp;book=baron2

It's also incorrect to assume that just because someone is SP first that they have all their shit together. For example, type 2 SPs are real divas that want someone to pamper and spoil them http://9types.com/descr/?type=2&amp;book=baron2Ohh gotcha. Hm, thought INFJs would like decorating though XDThat bad, huh? Lol. I had no idea.Yup. Feelers get tons of hate. I don't care though ~~because I understand and know the feeling~~.Yu Yu Hakusho

* Yuusuke - ESTP
* Hiei - ISTP
* Kuwabara - ESFJ
* Botan - ENFJ
* Keiko - ISFJ
* Jin - ESFPHahah I actually laughed out loud, this is hilarious. Hey, do you think you might do the Enneagram types after you're done with all 16 MBTI? Ilu hamfree77.Is it shallow if you're only about looks? Yes. I mean that's technically the [definition](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=shallow) of it. Do I think it's wrong or bad? No. I think it's valid and fine if that's what you really like. 

I do, however, prefer not to make fun of the way people look. People are born a certain way and there's only so much they can do to change it. For example, what about those that have health issues? They can't help it. Yes, thankfully they are options like make-up, exercise, and plastic surgery but not everyone has the means (time, energy, or money) to achieve said results. Plastic surgery is also dangerous and some reason it's not worth the risk.

What will you do when you get older though? We will all become less physically appealing :p Are you scared of aging? I am really scared of it. I don't know how I'll cope but I guess I'll just have to.

Yeah, I notice SFPs *REALLY* care about hot people. ESTPs care more than ISTPs but less than SFPs since they're also looking for brains or a chill/fun side. Don't think that all feelers think you're terrible though. Remember that ENXJs have tertiary Se. I know a few ENXJ guys who will gravitate to the prettiest girl in the room. They care about looks. Myself, I care more about how I look than how other people look. In a partner I care more about personality and intelligence.I'm not calling you shallow. I remember you mentioning how you do factor in personality but just that looks override it in importance. What I was trying to say was that even if someone is "shallow," that's okay because people like different things.

&gt;it's like their looks are more than just "looks" there's a deeper special feeling to different types of looks. And I think that's how the term "love at first sight"

I'm not sure if I understand it but I've seen it happen for other people. Or uh, I guess I experienced "love at first sight" once, only once. It was because he looked like he had a certain personality though - is it kind of like that for you? Looking at beautiful people or things can feel very pleasant, of course - that's why babies stare longer at them in scientific studies. I wouldn't worry about whether or not it's okay - you do you. Thank you for taking the time to explain though.Yes, in a shy way or "I like you" :3 Sometimes your threads get a lot of downvotes but it's like not your fault if some don't get beta humor!&gt;they'd rather burn a problem to the ground than solve it with delicacy.

W.. what does this mean? And why do I find it kind of appealing?&gt;throwing the baby out with the bathwater

Oh my o_o

So um, how do INFJs handle day-to-day challenges then?Ash - ESFP

* http://funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com/post/124666532703/pokemon-ash-ketchum-esfp
* https://mbtifiction.com/2015/08/08/ash-ketchum-esfp/

Gary - ENTJ

* https://mbtifiction.com/2015/12/18/gary-oak-entj/

Misty - ENFJ

 * https://mbtifiction.com/2015/09/12/misty-pokemon-enfj/

Brock - ISFJ

* https://mbtifiction.com/2015/09/27/brock-pokemon-isfj/

Jessie &amp; James - Duals! as ENTJ and ISFP

* http://funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com/post/132023497395/pokemon-jessie-entj
* https://mbtifiction.com/2015/09/24/james-pokemon-isfp/

Been waiting for this one. 10/10 not disappointed, all very true.

"SJs and NPs are also *less likely to lather on make-up* or concern themselves with the latest fashion trends, opting for a less embellished, more “natural” appearance. - [PersonalityJunkie](http://personalityjunkie.com/05/ne-si-ni-se-myers-briggs-function-pairs/)Some ENFJs have a hard time listening to others because they prefer to talk. Also since they absorb emotions, having to listen to negative things over and over can really bring them down. This is especially true if you don't take action to improve your situation. Find the ones that have a more introverted, contemplative side because there are ENFJs that do like to counsel others like Helena Bonham Carter, a psychotherapist.

&gt;Was in a group with her and another friend and was talking to the other person about a suicide attempt I had when I was younger and she interjected to show the two of us a new Tinder match.

o_O Dang, your friend is shockingly rude and dismissive. That sucks, sorry. I think you should tell her what you tell us, like how you feel hurt by her behavior and would really like more support. Are you supportive of her when she's in trouble though? Friendships are a two person dance - if it's always about you then I could see why she'd be tired of it. If not and she's not willing to meet your needs, then I would drop it and move on to someone else who could offer a better listening ear.Well, IxFJs are Te PoLR so that means they will ignore facts and evidence in favor of their own subjective rationalizations.

Edit: http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/functions/Super-Ego

"A type with Te PoLR tends to reject facts given from a source which they are personally unfamiliar with, firmly believing they can make their own decisions that are solely based on their own perspective and reasoning about it. They will tend to become defensive when questioned about their rationale or efficiency, pointing out that there is no such thing as objective "fact". Also, these types experience a significant level of stress in tending to day-to-day must do's and responsibilities in life (like routine maintenance or working productively), manifesting itself as a general laziness or hyper-diligence."No comment on intuitives being more open but

yes, A LOT of people on here are actually sensors, especially SJ. The intuitive bias on here is awful.Intuitive bias meaning that anyone who is smart = intuitive. Stuff like that.

SPs are never in la la land thanks to Se high in the stack. You guys are the best at reading other people.How might this work out for ENFJ/ISTP dual?IxxJ&gt;I like guys who focus on themselves, who don't actively pursue every girl that they come across. In that same vein, I like guys who are individualistic, doing their own thing when everyone else might write it off as weird.

Dead on. Intelligent &amp; independent is the perfect combo.&gt;Fi doms (INFPs, ISFPs) at their worst have their own very special brand of drama aturally, other people are thinking all sorts of mean things, scheming evil, contriving plots, secret intrigues, etc. [...] Ms.-conflict-averse INFP will confront people over small issues. Mr.-uppity-pretentious ISFP gathers allies and influence for petty scheduling disagreements.

This whole paragraph made me cringe. I've seen people do this a lot though I'm not really sure what their type is.

Could you please do one for Fe-dominants? Sorry to bother you with requests but your posts are always so intriguing to me.&gt;I also did an Enneagram test and I got a 3, wing 6, it seems? It was stacked by social/sexual/self-preservation.

3w6 doesn't exist. 

* If you are a 3, then you're either 3w2 or 3w4. 
* If you're a 6, then you'll be either 6w5 or 6w7. 

Now, some people believe in balanced wings though. Others believe wings are BS and to just focus on the core number. If you really want to figure out your Enneagram type, then I suggest heading over to /r/Enneagram and writing a description about yourself, as you should not rely solely on your test scores.

PS. Love your username! Is it a play on witchcraft?Thank you! :)Hm.. What do you mean by "Fi vibes" though?ENFJ: xxTPs - love the banter and wicked sense of humor❤❤❤I know what type you are already but I also wanted to tell you how cute and fun you look :)Color grouping by quadra would be cool.I literally considered almost every single type. I talked to another ENFJ who did the same thing* and told me he couldn't figure it out until he looked into Socionics. ENFJs can easily blend and appear like some other type, which is why Socionics calls them "The Actor."

Some people feel really drawn to their inferior function. "Some Extraverted Feeling types mention becoming uncharacteristically logical and analytical, with a tendency to think before they speak, when they are in the grip of their inferior function." - [16types](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/135-MBTI-Form-of-the-Inferior-Functions) I don't think it's always in the grip or negative though, like some ExFJs major in engineering, computer science, etc.

Social anxiety in ENFJs is actually quite common. I think dominant Fe being the "most extroverted extroverts" may be a stereotype because if you look around on /r/enfj or even on here, there are plenty of ExFJs expressing how they actually do need alone time or that have a smaller circle of friends. Ignore the stereotypes. As long as the functions fit you, then you are the correct type :)

As for your Enneagram, 5w6 does seem a little odd.. I would maybe consider 7 (it has a line to 5); Jennifer Lawrence is an ENFJ 7w6. 6w5 also possible. However, if you're absolutely sure that you're a 5w6, then rare combinations pop up once in a while.&gt;purposefully adding a specific effect to a social atmosphere. Regardless of whether they are quiet or loud, they seem to try to dictate the tone of an interaction.

Yeah, that's true. Sorry, what I meant was that Fe is oriented toward other people and extraversion brings an additional external focus. So for ENFJs it can be hard to see ourselves clearly and figure out what type we really are. 

"They enjoy 'changing their masks' to rivet others' attention toward them and foil those that would like to 'put them in a box.' Many EIEs have so many different personas that they wonder [who they are](http://socionicsstudy.blogspot.com/2007/09/eie-actor.html) in reality."

 That's why it's easier for other people to type someone as ENFJ than for an ENFJ to type themselves.What do you think of the following then?

http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/65-ENFj-The-Mentor-profile-by-Gulenko, 2nd paragraph
&gt;Loves to spend time in solitude and ponder about the meaning of life, about the past and the future. Looks at problems from a global, generalized perspective.OP said
&gt;I know many INTP who appear to be ENTP but the evidence lies very clearly in their slow decline or last minute escape to solitude

Just because someone enjoys solitude does not mean they are an introvert. I used the ENFj Mentor profile to show that they can desire to spend some time alone contrary to the stereotype that they are the most extraverted extraverts. Enneagram 2 is considered to be the most social, which most EXFJs are, yes, however instinctual variants, other Enneagram types, and so many other factors could be at play. Additionally, how much solitude are we talking about here? I find solitude very beautiful. However, I could never go an entire day without talking to someone (unless I'm depressed or something), whereas an introvert could do it for a week or more.What about extraverts with social anxiety? They could appear more shy. What about extraverts who have had awful experiences with people in the past - wouldn't they be more cautious about who to trust and so be less open? How about introverts that force themselves to appear more friendly because we live in an extraverted society?

It's not always so easy to tell.

What makes someone an extravert is that they use either Fe, Ne, Se, or Te as their primary function. An external focus.

What makes someone an introvert is that they use either Fi, Ni, Si, or Ti as their primary function. An internal focus.

From what I've read, an EIE-ENFj will focus on how they can shape and impact the world. An IEI-INFp will focus on how the world affects them and how they fit into this world. They are more content to just observe and understand.Typical characteristics is fine. Yeah, you can definitely say that extroverts will usually seem more friendly and welcoming than introverts. However, we are trying to type people as accurately as possible here so this means throwing generalizations and stereotypes out the window. I'm not saying to be so open-minded that suddenly all 16 types blur together and an ENFJ no longer resembles their online description anymore. Nothing about social anxiety or liking some alone time prevents someone from being an ENFJ. 

&gt;as far as I have seen, they are often perceived as louder, more energetic, more social INFJs; in short, as the socially extraverted INFJ. The description isn’t completely wrong, but is it misleading and doesn’t grant the ENFJ a personality in its own right. As I’ve emphasized before, Jungian extraversion does not have to do with loudness or social skills; therefore, ENFJs are not necessarily any louder or more apparently outgoing than INFJs. In fact, an ENFJ I know very well often demonstrates great shyness in social situations. The distinguishing preferences of ENFJs run much deeper [\(Source\)](http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2014/10/pierce-presents-enfj/)

If I typed myself according to this post, then I would be INFJ. How is that possible if I am actually capable of occasionally living in the moment? I'm not a sensor. I am turned off by Si and Fi. I'm not SP. However, I am too assertive, aggressive, thrill-seeking, risk-taking and impulsive to be an INFJ. Tertiary Se, not inferior.It depends on the generalizations though. I have no problem with stereotypes if we're using them for fun or as a shortcut to describe one type out of 16. I agree with you that it is certainly possible to take reverse stereotyping too far. When I said that there are EXFJs that major in engineering or computer science for example, I didn't say that they would be better at Ti than someone who had it higher in the stack, no, of course not. However, they can be drawn to trying.

What OP is saying makes sense to me and he or she is not completely wrong. I feel happier when I use my extroverted functions and depressed when I use my introverted functions too much but I do enjoy a bit of alone time. There are ranges of introversion and extraversion. My coworker who scores 95% E will be different from another extravert that scores 65% E.

I have zero issues with describing extraverts as being more open, friendly, and willing to engage in social activities. This is normally correct. What I'm trying to say is that occasionally some extraverts think that they are introverts because they need alone time. (This happens quite often.) Everyone needs a bit, I think.

As for ENFPs that claim to hate people.. well, I don't know what experiences led to them feeling that way. Ne is focused on ideas, so why can't they be alone working on stories and drawing? I can see an Enneagram 4 ENFP looking like an INFP.

Overall, I'd just say there should be a balance in typology :pI like [this one](http://falconnl.github.io/TypeSquare/) :DImpressive list!100%!All the SPs but especially STPs.Why is ENFP psychology? I normally see the counselor/therapist role assigned to INFJs.Interesting! You know I've actually been chatting with an ISTP and we are exploring our subconscious, so perhaps the psychoanalytic route is more a Ni thing.Wouldn't this be many people/types though? which is why we're studying MBTI. I'm an ENFJ and I'm very interested in other people (Fe) and how their minds work (Ti). Psychology and literature was my favorite subjects in school.I am not sure why /u/HandsOfGrace thought that "INFJs have more of a Psychoanalyst vibe." I just thought it was interesting because currently I (ENFJ) am chatting with an ISTP and we are both delving into the realm of our subconscious.

&gt;Psychologist: Psychologists, unlike psychiatrists, are not MDs, and they tend to deal more with emotional issues than with clinical issues. For example, a person experiencing low self-esteem would visit a psychologist rather than a psychiatrist because they do not have anything physically wrong with them; they just need to talk things out. A person with schizophrenia would visit a psychiatrist because they would need medication to correct the chemical imbalance in their brain.

&gt;Psychoanalyst: Psychoanalysts follow Freud's theories that painful childhood memories contained in the subconscious are the cause of mental illness. Psychoanalysts are like psychologists in that they usually deal with emotional issues and do not prescribe medication. However, their approach is different from that of conventional psychologists. Psychoanalysis is a method of searching through a person's subconscious memories for the source of their current difficulties, rather than focusing on conscious memories. Psychoanalysts also tend to meet much more often with their clients. Rather than meeting only once a week (as is common with psychologists), they usually prefer to meet as often as three to five times a week.

Perhaps it is Ni liking that things are not what they appear to be.&gt;I think we have to 'discover' our inferior function/tertiary function to actually find any sort of comfort in duality

I really believe this is the key. 

I was quite serious, controlling, and bossy when I was younger :p, so I think getting along with SPs would've been challenging back then. In developing Se better, ENFJs can take on perceiving traits such as enjoying the moment, being fun-loving, more open-minded and flexible, so I click with SPs much better now :)ENFJ - Psychology

I tried to do accounting to make my parents happy but I really struggle with math and hard sciences. I admire those who do well in those subjects because of it.&gt;Too giving, accommodating

This is Fe more than Fi.I think the consensus is that Hillary is ESTJ. 

As for Bill, I usually see people typing him as ESFP (in MBTI) or EIE-ENFj (in Socionics).&gt;ENFJs - people of this type tend to doubt for a long time. Typically mistype into other extraverted types - ENTJ or ENTP if male and wanting to be more logical, more rarely ESxPs.

Yes! I started off as INFJ but was told I'm not. Everyone kept telling me that I was ENFJ but I thought NO WAY. So then I considered ENFP and ESFP. (I thought of ESTP, ENTP, and ENTJ too but nah.) Looking into Socionics confirmed it and this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hNsv9V4j8k) at the 4:00 minute mark was *incredibly* helpful! It was an ISTP that told me my type, too ;)I meant that I saw most people typing her as ESTJ. Could you please go into how you see introvert, or rather Si-dominant?It told me INTP :p I am ENFJ &gt;very selfless

ENFJs are Fe dominant *and* Fi ignoring, which means we very much put the needs of others ahead of our own. We are people-pleasers; known to be self-sacrificial for those we love and for the causes we believe in. Unhealthy types are another story.

In order to type anyone correctly, you must remove personal bias. Putting a greater emphasis on the functions instead of the dichotomies ("probably 99% J" when stubbornness can easily manifest in Fi, Si, etc.) would make it easier for you as well.Love you, ISTPs~ Keep being awesome badasses (ﾉ´ヮ´)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧If he is capable of living in the "here and now," strike out INxJ. It's a bit difficult for me to type him because there are so many contradictory traits. My gut feeling is ISFJ  :pI thought ISFJ because IxFJs have both strong Fe and Fi. The emphasis you've put on traditions and being very detail-oriented sounds Si. ISFJs can be artistic. If he's ISFJ, then you two should understand each other pretty well since ENTP/ISFJ use the same functions.. Someone else mentioned ISTJ. Could you see him as ISTJ? It would explain why you think you two don't understand each other.
I think you're misunderstanding Fe (/u/Kazejin0's post clarifies it perfectly) and also underestimating how attached to one person we can be. Yes, we like to socialize and meet all sorts of different people, but some are truly irreplaceable in our hearts and I'd always prefer socializing with them over anyone else. This is exactly how I feel about my ENFP friend.Oh no, I adore INFPs! It's just this one specific aspect I have a hard time dealing with. I appreciate your input!

&gt;OP, it sounds like you're doing everything right and more, and I bet that your friends really appreciate you for that.

This makes me happy. :')I'm 19 years old, you've given me hope that I will get more &amp; more comfortable with this. Thank you for commenting. :)&gt;NE is similar to shoving a ton of food in your mouth, FI is about chewing and digesting. On the other side of the coin its lonely and a little depressing being alone too much.

This is brilliant. Thank you for your reassurance. I will do my best to separate my thought-whispers from my friend's intentions. :)Thank you for this.Thank you for the reassurance. :)I understand.. I will do my best to accommodate my friend. I hope everything works out for you. :)I appreciate your response.

&gt;The action of not responding to your attempts to communicate is the cause, but why does that have the ability to affect you? What is it about the situation that is so hurtful?

I know that this is my problem &amp; I don't think I'm in the place to *blame* my friend for not accommodating me. It's just a side effect of anxiety and loneliness, I'd guess. Your comment &amp; others opened my eyes that it's something I need to work out on my own.

Thank you for your input. :)Thank you. :)This is golden advice for me.. Thank you sir!This is surprisingly VERY accurate.I really appreciate this! Thank you. :)I'm not sure why this was downvoted. Sounds accurate from my experience as an ENFJ.ENFJ here, I have a very hard time understanding an xxFP's (ENFP in the particular case that made me create this thread - presumably) periods of distance, and I end up feeling ignored and rejected. I've had close xNFP friends who go through a relatively long time without communication (this includes not responding to my attempts or doing so unenthusiastically) and eventually they'd come out and say 'they just needed a break.' &amp; as far as I can tell, they're honest! I try my best to tolerate their desire for space, but I'd be lying if I said that it didn't hurt me a bit inside. From my perspective it's just an extremely unpredictable switch from warmness to coldness and I always end up thinking about what I've done wrong.

How do I need to think?
ENFJ. I hang with my ISFP friend to eat ice cream and do nothingCould just be a joke?ENFJ. I use it to add a bit of flavor to my identity crises, but also to help me understand others, specifically those I am close to. I lose. So many. Things. 

WHERE ARE MY KEYSAw, that's good to hear! I worried you had left for good, u/lawdoodette/That's interesting. I feel like I'm happiest with a couple of hours each day.Do you mind elaborating on that?&gt; us EXXPs never need time alone

Thanks for your thoughtful answer! However, I've noticed that the ENFP's in my life are really bubbly around people, but have surprisingly rich inner lives. My ENFP friend always thought of herself as an introvert. Also, some ENTP responses below somewhat contrast your theory. 

I'm starting to think it's a an ESXP thing, if that's not too specific. 

**mumbles to self** Need more testimony from those guys...Yeah, I agree with you there. 

Another thing I'll add is that **different extraverts need different types of socialization**–I, too, prefer empathetic connections with a few close friends, versus a big party. Satisfies the Fe. :)

To u/peppermint-kiss/'s point - Idk. I know what it feels like to have that "extra energy" you wanna get rid of, but when I've had some alone time, socialization feels like a chore–even though once I'm there it's usually good. Could just be me. 

Thank you both for your interesting ideas! 
Yes, definitely. I'm just wondering which ones (if any) need it *less*, because I've noticed a (possible) pattern with EN's (possibly) wanting it more. I'm referring to the claims people of these types have made, as well as general type descriptions. 

If there's a pattern, it would be a function thing–I think something to do with dom or aux N, vs. S. I know what you mean. Reddit's convenient like that. 

Thanks for your response! Okay, good to know. This is consistent with what I've noticed in other ENFP's/ENXX's. I can't speak for all EXXJ's, and definitely not you, but is it possible we just feel pressure to fulfill external goals, and not "to empty [an] already-low tank"? That's kind of the nature of E-J, right? 

I often feel that when nothing is asked of me, and I'm not putting any work-related pressure on myself (a rare occurrence) I turn completely inward and am totally happy to stay there. Eventually I'll come up with new expectations, but it always takes a while to muster the energy to actually do something. **Glares at homework**

Lol I'm sluggish too.Huh. I mean, I can easily think of times in my life where that would have worked for me (I constantly overbook myself), but it sounds pretty gross right now lol. 

This is probably not a thing, but it could be that leading a socially demanding occupation leads to... a preference for the socially demanding. I used to come home from busy school days and not really know what to do with myself–as in, I grew to associate productivity with being surrounded by peers. Just a thought, though, and that could be more of an Fe thing. 

Just curious–how would you describe the overall inner health of your roommates? Are they happy being so busy? Would you say their aux functions are relatively engaged?

As for the watching TV thing, I think the ENFP's I know consider that to be relaxing. Both of them prefer those passive activities, and in general I would say it counts as "alone time."

Thanks for your thoughts! Good to know, thanks. I like how you think of it in days. I was thinking something along the same lines. 

That would indeed be an interesting juxtaposition. Me too. But yeah I quite like that idea. I actually think it could be a number of things, and I don't know if that really accounts for ExxJ's who prefer passive activities. I know I need a lot of that, as well as the whole "laying-in-bed-and-letting-mind-wander" stuff.  
Thanks for your responses! 

Sorry, I think I'm just a little slow to grasp your point here. I feel like what you're trying to say is that ExxJ's are motivated externally (and must motivate themselves internally to get into the "mindset") but don't get energy from social interactions–rather, we *spend* energy this way. 

Is that rightmaybe? I have a few thoughts, I just wanna make sure I'm feeling you. :)...Most insightful thing I've read this month.Yeah, dom Se seems to be the overall consensus. Thanks for your input!Whatever you say, daddy &lt;3 Hahaha you crazy kid.

You should move to Sydney. No fog around here ;)Te (Extroverted Thinking) (60%) 
your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods

Ti (Introverted Thinking) (55%) 
your valuation of / adherence to your own internally devised logic/rational

Ne (Extroverted Intuition) (80%) 
your valuation of / tendency towards free association and creating with external stimuli

Ni (Introverted Intuition) (90%) 
your valuation of / tendency towards internal/original free association and creativity

Se (Extroverted Sensing) (35%) 
your valuation of / tendency to fully experience the world unfiltered, in the moment

Si (Introverted Sensing) (45%) 
your valuation of / focus on internal sensations and reliving past moments

Fe (Extroverted Feeling) (85%) 
your valuation of / adherence to external morals, ethics, traditions, customs, groups

Fi (Introverted Feeling) (60%) 
your valuation of / adherence to the sanctity of your own feelings / ideals / sentiment

/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// 

**based on your results your type is likely - infj**If in a room with an ISTP, I think I would just do my best to respect their vibes and not do anything too "extroverty." Not sure how successful that'd be, but I think I'd be comfortable enough. I... I love you too? I completely understand this.

(Also, I think mine might be a cat. Is yours a cat?)Haha I literally call him that sometimesINTP thinks I stay up too late (even though there's stuff to do and a life to live and Gilmore Girls and a room to clean and food to eat AAAH!!!!)

...And I think he's just way too cute.Openly or inwardly?Inwardly, lots of types. Openly? INTJ is the only one I can come up with right now (ISTJ, as well), but other types might do that if unhealthy.Well I cried during FrozenI think I love *you*...I like the idea but I didn't understand this at all^ My essenceYeah but every ENXX type says they're the most introverted E type. There's no real way to prove it in the current state of MBTI.It seems like every extraverted type I'm familiar with (ENFJ's, ENFP's, ENTP's) considers themselves to be more... intro(?) than "other types"–or at least, more so than type descriptions imply. I thought of this when an ENTP commented here the other day that their type = "introverted extraverts." 

Which types can these tendencies be measured against? Which types avoid potential loneliness the most? Furthermore, is intro/extraversion a spectrum for every category?

One idea I have is that EN types, on average, prefer to spend more time alone than ES types, while ES types are just better at using alone time to do the stuff they wanna do (even if that includes binge-watching Netflix). EN types might get so caught up in our own minds that we can't focus on relaxing, completing a task, etc–and thus, alone time becomes its own sphere of being and doing... If that makes any sense. 

Just interested in the discussion. Thanks.
It means most likely that he doesn't understand how the functions work in order to take the test more accurately (keeping in mind that the tests are horrible anyway), and also that he doesn't understand his thinking well enough. 

It can also be very hard to type people with personality disorders, or mental illness (a person with depression may type themselves as more introverted because of their change in behaviour and thinking). You may find [this](http://www.infjs.com/forums/showthread.php?t=14436) interesting to read. 

Technically, you have an ENTP and ESFJ friend to be able to compare him to. I find that I can definitely see similarities between people who have the same personality type. ISFJ and INTJ also act quite differently. I think your friend is probably an ISFJ.ENFJ, INFJ, ENFJ, ESFJ?!, ENFJ

I can act introverted sometimes, so thought INFJ until I understood the functions. Then I questioned the N/S bias, but I'm def ENFJ so yeah... I didn't stray for very long.

&lt;3

I have a lot of respect for Fi types. They teach me to say no, and it's ok to be myself. Yes I may clash heads with you sometimes, but that's normal. Tbh, I find strong Ti types to be more self-absorbed, because their logic is the only logic and woe to others that have feelings.

My only gripe with Fi users is that I can unknowingly annoy them for seemingly confusing reasons. Unless I know the person well enough, they are impossible to predict, because they run on their own moral system rather than a universally understood one. 

Like everyone, we treat others the way we think is fair. However, we think we know our situation better, so through rationalising, we lower our standards when judging our own actions. I have strong opinions about caring for others, and what is "fair" in social situations (especially in the work environment), however I cannot take my own advice, and frequently give myself the short end of the stick. Similarly, Fi users seem to judge others according their own defined morals (which can seem like "my way or the high way"), however do not consistently apply the same rules to their own actions. This can make them appear to be hypocrites, as they give themselves leniencies. I'm not sure how, but Fi can also deal with conflict much better than I can, which I think has to do with the idea of individualism.

Anyway, don't worry about the bias. It is hard for people to understand minds that work differently to their own. Everyone is strict and judgemental in their own ways. I believe we mellow as we get older.Si types, and for different reasons. 

ESTJ follows the rules because things work better that way, plus they would be scared of getting caught and going to jail etc etc. 

ESFJ follow the rules because that is socially acceptable and they would not want to be excluded and seen to be "undesirable".LOL&gt;  he now monitors ALL my computer and internet activity because fuck privacy, right?

Lolol. Try growing up with an ESTJ father. I had this but worse, because I could only use my computer at certain times of the day (software would make it automatically shut down) and could only get an hour of internet a day. You have it very good :P Once you get past teenage years, it'll get easier, I promise.It sounds very unlikely that she is an ENFJ from your description.Lucky! I couldn't bypass mine :( He kept upgrading the software.The best way to tell I find is by listening to them talk. It's surprising how people will say things that fit perfectly into certain functions. Signs can be quite vague sometimes, and you will need to observe someone over a period of time to see distinctions. I'm describing function that sit mostly in dom/aux positions because they are the easiest to recognise, however be aware that some of the descriptions can apply to many types.

Ni: "I'm looking forward to..." - They know where they're going in life, or at least what they're doing for the holidays. They can tend to jump to conclusions that may leave you confused about how they got there. They like to talk about their plans (what they're going to do), or theories (broad and overarching, and you will see an almost glazed look in their eye when they do). Philosophy abounds!

Ne: They like to talk about philosophy too, but their ideas seems to jump all over the place. They talk short and quick and get very excited about ideas (rather than stuff). When they talk about plans, they tend to be possibilities of plans rather than something practical. You may think the plan is ridiculous but it's a fun idea.

Se: Tends to talk fast in small chunks at a time. They have a flair for the dramatic. They are aware of everything going on around them. Acts like thrill seekers and does things for the sake of the experience. Aesthetic appeal is important.

Si: Appreciate the long history behind tradition and beliefs, and see value in being a part of it - loyal to a cause or way of doing things. They tend to be quite patriotic, or fanatics of sports, games, books, tv shows etc. Get stuck in ruts and bad habits very easily. Ted to be observers, and when they talk, they'll tell you a story about their interaction with something that happened - "And then, and then, and then..." 

Fe: Stories tend to be about other people. Try to maintain peace and harmony. Want acceptance by others. They look through the other persons eyes and corresponding feelings are what they suspect the other person would feel (not always accurate). 

Fi: Stories tend to be about themselves. "My way is the right way" beliefs that may seem random to you. Don't mind (or seem aware) of rubbing people up the wrong way. They put themselves in others shoes, and corresponding feeling is linked to their own beliefs for that situation. Try to maintain individuality and their own personal flair. Fi types tend to "try on" different aesthetic styles depending on the people they spend time with, in their search for who they are.

Te: They like to "get things done". They like organising their external world (including people as pawns) efficiently. Enjoy the motion of cleaning. They judge people by their actions rather than accounting for personal factors.

Ti: They like things to make sense. Logical consistency. They create complex personal understandings of systems; finance, games, mbti, engineering etc. They are fans of trivia. They tend to not talk so much.. lol


I read a post ages ago that had a really good list of behaviours but I couldn't find it :(

ETA: Si worries about things that happened, Ni worries about things that will happen


&gt; ESFJs, as with ESTJs, also sometimes have what I like to call 'story of the week'. ... they will repeat this story to anyone and everyone they encounter for a week; it's the same every time and it's as if they never told you each time they tell it. 

&gt;ENFJs don't usually do this, though they do have stories to tell and it can be hard to get them to shut up once they get going

Yes. Yes. Yes. Hahahaha xDMe too. I'd counsel someone over getting them a cup of tea.

When ENFJs counsel, they like to mostly give advice, and go on rambling motivational speeches. INFJs counsel by letting the other person talk. I have so much trouble not sharing my opinions.The spaced out look is us trying to imagine what you must been feeling. I find ENFPs confusing to emotionally decode, because they react unpredictably to situations. We are definitely trying to connect with you, but don't know how, and so will hold ourselves back for fear of offending you/making ourselves look like an idiot by an "incorrect" reaction. Never fear, our brains are busy with trying to connect.

I will say that ENFPs tend to so asorbed in the constant rehashing of the "hard time they're having - situation", that they stop listening to my input. They are not looking for advice, they just seem to want to talk, so I feel useless in the conversation. I have nothing else to offer except advice and a listening ear, so yes I do somewhat switch off. I gave my true reaction in the first telling of the story. It looses effect when I hear it multiple times.&gt; because I reacted worse to dairy at this time... she kept me on a dairy-free diet until I was 10.

&gt;because she had "read on the internet"

These two points indicate xSFJ. 

ENFJs are less likely to let a single event from their past dictate their actions. They are also less likely to believe anything they read at face value from the internet, without comparing it to their own data from RL. Unless everyone your mum knew was soy/gluten free.

ENFJ are more willing to dress eccentrically, because they can intuitively understand which pieces go together. ESFJ are less likely to take risks with their clothing, because they find it harder to judge if something random looks good.

ESFJ finds it harder to read between the lines, and will take everyone's word literally. They find it hard to see a deeper meaning or connection, and can get unnecessarily upset. eg. Person A says to a group: "I hate having to give my friends lifts when I'm tired!!" ESFJ: *oh no, I feel bad because I've been asking for lifts late at night. Now I can't ask for any more* Whereas Person A was in a hastily passionate moment due to another ungrateful person in the group, and doesn't mind giving ESFJ a lift because they has a crush on them.

ENFJ can leap to conclusions about people or things from seemingly nowhere, which can take a very accusatory/dismissive tone. They think they can look through peoples eyes, and don't account for the fact that not everyone has the same priorities and vaules. They can be illusioned by others or long term situations, since they are too focused on looking forwards instead of remembering issues from the past. They can be disillusioned by situations if they are not what they expect. It's hard to describe your own type.

ESFJs feel much more practical compared with myself. They are interested in doing that stuff as well, organising their physical environment, whereas I enjoy engaging cognitively and have my head higher in the clouds. I therefore seem to "do" less, or have less to show.Interesting. I purposefully choose not to wear the lastest fashion trends. Or I tend to start wearing them as soon as they emerge, and get over it by the time the rest of the population jumps on the bandwagon.

I don't think I put on a lot of makeup, but I definitely wear more than most xSFJs and xNFPs I know... Never thought about that before.No worries! I hope it helps.Bravo! Haha! Can confirm the INTJ.Scary accurate! I think this is why we feel driven to keep moving into the future.You are so right. Thank you for sharing this wisdom. I think we worry too much :)Hahaha that is so perfect!!

[And this!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDttRueKfFU)I seem to turn into an ESTP. I have little filter for my thoughts and actions, and willingly share whatever is in my head in the present moment. I become more thrill-seeking, caring less about Ni consequences. Being around fun loving people echoes my own excitement. 

I don't drink very often. I have low tolerance and go over my limit too easily. On the go I'm fine, until I sit down and give myself a moment to collect my thoughts, and then wham! I realise how drunk and dizzy and sick I feel :(Compared to myself, yes. You probably see it as normal, but it feels too impulsive for me. 

I definitely use more in-the-moment spontaneity from Se, than I have unsavoury-consequences anxiety from Ni. I definitely verbalise more of my present feelings and beliefs before I've given myself time to considered how accurately it fits into the wider scheme of my ideas. I get too excited talking and watching people's reactions. I regret it later as I realise I don't agree with what I've said, but now people can't un-hear it.

Maybe ESTP is the wrong description, but Fe-Se-Ni-Ti doesn't make sense... I can definitely feel my Fe there, but it doesn't control me as much. I am aware of why people act the way they do, and how to navigate responses, but I don't care about maintaining harmony as much. I'm willing to push people into an uncomfortable place to see what happens. It's hard to explain.Welcome to the internet!FWIW, I have always been loud... lolReach out your arm and grab the closest thing to your hand. Describe your thoughts about that object.HAHAHA xD

So there you have it! Ne. Ne-Ti to be exact. Ne-Fi would be more personally related.I totally agree.Firstly,

OMGGG!!!!! :D :D *hyperventalates, arms flailing* ERMAGERDDDD!!!!!!

Yup, so, have read the backstory, and tested aaasssssss;

Pukwudgie!

They are meant to represent the heart and favour healers.

ETA: I normally test as Gryffindor, however now they've changed the Hogwarts sorting questions, I came out as Ravenclaw.&gt; JK Rowling identifies as both INFJ and Thunderbird

I did not know she identifies with Thunderbird. Very interesting!! Thanks.Muahaha ;) ywI would say that if types hold grudges, it'd be for different reasons. I rarely hold a grudge (it's an unhealthy feeling to cultivate), but if someone pissed me off that much, oh boy! I will do it to spite you.ESFP - How the hell do you have so much energy to get so many things done and enjoy it all?! What I wouldn't give to have a little bit of your drive.

Te/Fi is strong with this one lolTry reading [this](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/135-MBTI-Form-of-the-Inferior) (sorry, I know it's long). It basically reiterates what u/dartyus says, plus a few more points, including descriptions which I find useful. 

If you have IxFP friends, then I'm sure you've seen Te manifest in their stress-driven whirlwind of spontaneous actions, cleaning sprees, or snap judgements about things you have/have not done.&gt; the inferior is usually the root of stressful behaviour

I have understood it to act irrationally when the person is in a heightened emotional state; that can be stress, sadness, excitement, etc. Because it is the weakest function, in these situations, it is used with poor judgement as emotions are overriding clear, rational thought processes.The fact you rationalise against INFJ, to me, suggests that you have Ti in your function stack. Therefore, not Fi, which would not make you ISFP.

I cannot type you further without more information however. Si users also can enjoy running, being in nature and playing music.

To answer your question, INFJs are probably more quiet than ISFP. The latter enjoys talking (rapidly) about their inner world, and may find it hard to genuinely listen to other people without trying to input themselves into the scenario (and hence drawing the conversation back to themselves). I've noticed that ISFPs also find it hard to read me, and see my Fe as a mirror of themselves (ie my facial movements mimic theirs in conversation). INFJs are much more caught up in over-arching theories and opinions about world views.Technically, I'd say that any age (but maybe once the brain is fully developed) have no issues using all their functions. Using a function, and being *proficient* at using a function are two different things however. They are tools/skills, and like anything in life, we get better at using them as we get older. 

In order to develop our tertiary and inferior functions, we must become proficient enough in our dom/aux. This allows us more confidence to gain practice in our weaknesses without our stronger functions automatically jumping in to save the day. 

INTJs un-developed Fi results in harsh judgements about others. People either measure up or they don't. I want things done *my* way. Un-developed Fi also looks down on others because of things they have done which does not align with the INTJs own beliefs. As the INTJ gets older, and has more life experiences however, they start to realise that no one is perfect, and develop more compassion for the inadequacies in others (including themselves). It's definitely noticeable (my friends are now nearing 27yo), and so I can assure you, if you are indeed 15yo, that you will have some pleasant surprises waiting for you :)Dissociation - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dissociation_(psychology)

&gt;The major characteristic of all dissociative phenomena involves a detachment from reality, rather than a loss of reality as in psychosis... In mild cases, it can be regarded as a coping mechanism or defense mechanisms in seeking to master, minimize or tolerate stress – including boredom or conflict.&gt; What is that one thing that you can always rely on for stress relief that always makes you feel better?

I think this is the most reliable question. This, and the other variant; What do you like doing when you want to have fun?

For me, being tert Se (like you), I engage in sensory experiences; being a glutton (nom), exercise, dressing up, crafting, dancing, singing, watching tv/movies/youtube etc... Doing something which gets me outside of my own head, and exists purely in that moment is something I enjoy as it lowers my stress caused by overthinking.He sounds completely like an ISTJ from your description. I also find their stories boring/unoriginal (sorry). Although give them some slack... Ne (creativity) is their weakest function... lololSounds like my dream home! o.O lol Don't forget the windchimes tho ;)**tl;dr** Or just basically Hogwarts haha.

Sorry, I got carried away with image links!! You don't need to click them as your imagination will work just as well.

Female.

**Exterior**

On a large plot of [land](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/AUTKJx-cjVtQz7oO8X-Ly3VP54xiGtVc_f1t4oqGDKrOgHTgztw8mGg/) - space for an impressive sized lawn and a maze of [manicured](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/536983955553158722/) and overgrown "fairy" gardens and babbling brook - but not large enough to be considered a farm

A [large beech tree](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/423690277424238851/) next to the house to give shade/dappled green sunlight, with a [large wooden swing](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/404409241511533731/) hanging off one of the branches. This tree would be great to climb up.

Paths under [trellises](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/573223858803478135/) of blooming creepers.

[Stone façade](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/402087072963894527/) of building, partially covered in [ivy](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/531354456018222605/) or [wisteria](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/189432728056560533/)

Garden would generally have lots of colour all year round, and would attract birds and bees. [Lavender](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/341499584226705620/), jasmine, sweet pea and other lovely smelling flowers a must.

Victorian lanterns

Large ornate wrought-iron gate

In-ground trampoline (and potentially in hallways too haha)

Patio with fairy light canopy - large enough to be used as a dance floor

[Hammock](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/524387950344608779/)?


**Interior**

[High vaulted ceilings](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/433682639099441746/)

[Arched windows, french style](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/299419075208964441/)

[Exposed beams](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/316659417531553248/)

Many many rooms, maze-like - while there would be large studio style rooms; others can only be accessed by walking through a series of other smaller rooms

Secret passageways, bookcases, spiral stairs

LARGE WIR with bench seats in the middle and floor length mirrors

Long, empty, white-tiled room with an open shower at the end, spacious decking to stand on (with basin hidden underneath), and many tropical plants - sound system hidden into the walls, great echo, and potential of having karaoke lyrics projected onto the wall

Many skylights (mostly situated in the joining of wall to ceiling), and just [large windows](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/278941770649622997/) in general (but all double glazed to keep optimum temperature inside)

Mostly rich/rustic wooden floors, except for plush carpet in some bedrooms and lounge rooms

Reading room with wall-to-wall bookshelves and beanbags, hanging chairs/hammocks in the middle

Small work study situated on the highest level with a lighthouse lookout - [180 degree of windows](http://www.mundogump.com.br/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/e4a87e8b19808767d627e1a0f0b451c0.jpg) at bench height, and a [view of tree tops](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/34691859609736190/) as far as the eye can see (potential for twinkling streetlights)

Lounge room decorated like a [middle-eastern inspired tent](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/388224430360888328/) - curtains hanging from the middle of the ceiling, Moroccan lamps and fairy lights, low cushions/couches (like a big blanket fort xD )

A few indoor plants in every room (except bedrooms) - but not an overwhelming amount

Emphasis on comfort rather than minimalism, unique decor with history rather than modern, matchy-matchy contemporariness.

[Watercolour wallpaper](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/469429961141776465/)

[Ornate balustrade](http://americanbuildersquarterly.com/install/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Urban2-266x400.jpg)

Various rooms in either Bohemian, [British Indian](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/415879346822948366/), Scandinavian, country English, or hippie/rustic decor

[Attic](https://au.pinterest.com/pin/296041375488493385/)/loft spaceMy first guess is ESFP, however you may be an unhealthy ENxJ

ETA: Could also be an ESTP, ENTP, or ENFP, but they don't feel right. You would be channelling strong Se (with Fi undercurrents - hence preoccupation with people and chip on shoulder), which desires new and interesting stimuli, hence getting bored around the same people and enjoying burning bridges...I think it'd be easier for you to figure it out when looking at your tert function - Si or Ni. One looks backwards and the other looks forwards.

So, what do you do for fun, or to de-stress? 

Do you find you prefer cleaning/organising your space, reminiscing on things you've done and happy memories, and creating a cozy comfy vibe, or do you prefer gathering/organising things for your future, thinking about theories for improving how you do things, and finding symbols and meaning in things?

ISFP needs new stimuli to experience emotions, because they don't last long, but creates new ideas in their head. INFP needs new stimuli to create new ideas, however they can dip into their memories to relive emotions.ENFP confirmed :PI agree, however Ti rationalism looks very different to Fi rationalism. Ti only considers the facts, ie. being a rare type, it's unlikely that it would be me. Opposed to Fi, which is personalised, ie I feel different to a lot of people, so it makes sense that I am a rarer type. This is why you find so many INFPs in the INFJ sub lol.Mbti is not about what you do, but why you do it and how your brain thinks. Your answers are still fairly vague, but your response fits with INFP.

I personally dislike cleaning. It's not fun for me. I prefer being able to see everything anyway, so I only do it if people are coming round. Si is the function which values cleanliness, order, and sensory comfort. If you find cleaning a treat, and listen to asmr (which triggers an internal sensory feeling), then I'd say that you definitely use Si.Tbh, both of those scenarios sound like Fi... although the second could be Fe. If someone's late, my first thought is something happened (obviously), otherwise they'd be on time. 10 minutes isn't long so idc and don't get annoyed at all. I don't think they really distinguish between S or N...&gt; Actually I've had like quests to find the ultimate pen!

What is your criteria? 

INFP would want a pen that feels nice to write with, and makes them think of all these cool random ideas - ie the dark blue colour ink is like the night sky or a smudged blueberry stain. I think cherry ink would be nicer smelling, but it makes me think of blood and writing death pacts- But this feather on the end of the pen reminds me of birds, and it bobs when i write which is like my words taking flight... etc. I like this pen because I remember exactly when and where I bought it, and I really enjoyed that holiday.

ISFP would want a pen that looks unique, and has smooth flowing, pretty coloured ink. They would not care so much about the ideas connected to the pen - ie. I like this pen. Blue is my favourite colour for ink and I like how velvety it looks; I like watching it absorb into the paper. The feather is also big and fluffy, and represents me because I like birds. In certain angles the feather can look either purple or green which is cool, and when I write, I like watching it bob up and down - I can imagine I'm a medieval scribe.INFPENFJ: I will make you like me (or I don't have room for you in my life)Aww sorry, you didn't have to delete it! I think discussion and multiple opinions are good! :( I may not be right either; just my opinion from what I understand. 

You're doing a good job :) Keep participating! It took me months to get my head around the functions, and even now I'm not satisfied with my understanding - the theory has holes in it.[A Little Bit of Personality](http://www.alittlebitofpersonality.com/p/cognitive-orientation-guidebooks-cogs.html) has by far the best descriptions!! They actually explain about how the functions work and relate to each type. This is where I send friends when trying to convince them about all this "mbti" stuff lolI see her as ESFJ tbh. Friendiversaries??ENFJ - Lizzie McGuire or Sabrina, the Teenage Witch

ENFP - Lorelai Gilmore

ESFJ - Kitty Forman (that 70's show)

ESTP - Kelso (that 70's show)

ENTP - Barney Stinson

ENTJ - Salem Saberhagen

INTP - Sheldon Cooper

INFJ - Remus Lupin

ISTP - Arya Stark

Haha, thanks for typing that out!My first reaction upon hearing this a while ago was; No way!!! &gt;:( I don't cherry pick what I say! I like to think I am extremely factual in my recount of stories - Blame my inf Ti... So maybe that is what others have done.

However, over time, I have observed myself to do just this. When I tell a story, I share from my point of view, and I want others to understand where I'm coming from. For that to happen, I will highlight or emphasise certain elements, which comes across like cherry picking. It sounds negative, but that's how all good essays are constructed; only discussing the most relevant points.

And dramatic punch is right! When talking about numbers for eg, I will round up to make it sound nicer/more persuasive (ie. 5 instead of 3). I have, however, noticed other types (xNTP and ExFP) make gross exaggerations in story telling, which bothers me. I rationalise that I'm accounting for my own mathematical error, but I'm still trying to give you as accurate an image as possible!You have to remember that each type has biases and can manifest unhealthily, and the internet is dominated by some over others. This will show in descriptions that are written. 

ESFP in particular are usually only observed on the surface. They friendhop, and mix themselves with certain groups that provide what they desire - stimulation. They extrovert themselves by engaging in things that they value. Hence the party stereotype as this is what they most commonly advertise. I know 5, and it does seem to fit. Unfortunately, living for the moment is not a trait valued by society, and they can be destructive if their Fi is unhealthy. They fit well in fast paced environments where you have to make snap decisions, and is completely full of drama and chaos. One of my friends is a nurse, and is amazing (and passionate) about what he does! I hope he eventually goes for his doctorate. He excelled in ER, as you can imagine. I think it's important to note that Dom Se is not well represented online, and therefore undervalued.

ESFJ can be hit or miss from my experience. When they are unhealthy, it is more noticeable than an unhealthy ENFJ imo, who uses words rather than actions. An ESFJ lives in their Fe, which focuses on the social arena as controlled and defined by Si. Now imagine that an ESFJ has had a very turbulent or negative upbringing. This is going to manifest in their social beliefs and ideals, and how they need to act to get what they want. Without effective role models for Si, they can turn to manipulation and control as they struggle to adapt. I don't believe Ni would draw as much attention to itself. While it can be hindered by the past, it is less PTSD than Si/Ne.  

tl;dr - Both types appear obvious when they manifest unhealthily. Descriptions are written by biased people, and ESFPs and ESFJs are too busy living life to correct what has been written.LOLOLOL!! 

Well, firstly, no way is he an introvert. He's loving having an audience to speak/perform to, and barely engages with Ellen. 

I agree he's not an Si user. He talks about the future and how his actions will make it a better place, however his goal seems to revolve around the present, ie making clothes and entertaining people. 

I can see where you are confused, because of his passion for talking about creating a better future. "We are *here* for a blip," he says. He is more concerned about the present and what he can do now. An xNFJ would say "If we want humanity to be around for a long time to come, then we need to make sure we protect and improve what we are doing now." We inspire others to make change instead. Every type can want to help the world. It depends how they go about doing that. My ESTJ dad has a couple of life-memberships to not-for-profit community clubs for all the hard work he's put in, for example.

"I can make things better through my skill set," he says, which is through hands-on, practical skills and being an artist. He sees sounds and creates "paintings". xNFJs value ideas and our use of words more than our ability to take actions. My tert Se is not good enough to do this.

"I see value in everyone being able to experience a more valuable life" Se (experience), Fi (I see value)

"...Leo's talking about the environment, and I'm talking about clothes, and everyone looks at me like that's an not important issue... but I remember going to school and wanting to have a cool outfit. I called the head of PayLess... I want to take away bullying." I don't think designing clothes is the solution, but I appreciate the effort xD Big goals, but unrefined - Inf Ni. This stinks of Fi/Te tho. Headstrong.

"I'm sorry daytime television. I'm sorry for the realness. *End scene.*" xD Such an actor.

I think this is actually a really great video for how ESFPs talk when they are really passionate and knowledgeable on an issue.I agree :) 

Conversation and communication are quite nuanced, which is why it's so interesting.I think you would enjoy INTP rage. Takes you by complete surprise :PI know ENTP/ENFP siblings. I don't think they'd work romantically. Similar sense of humour, but mostly consists of ENTP poking, and ENFP getting offended.For sexuality, why did you use Straight? Shouldn't it be Heterosexual?Not at all. It's just a colloquial (informal) word, instead of scientific. In this context, I read it like; straight (normal), homosexual (abnormal). Language choice is important because our words have multi-layered meanings. You're doing well though! English is hard.I like your ideas :)&gt; Strangely, the lessons I learn at that time stick with me, even if I don't bother consciously recalling them.
&gt; 
&gt; So how do I recall memories? If all is going well, I don't.

This!I know ESFJs that loooove trivia. My friend was really good/quick, but played heaps of trivia style games on her phone all the time.

I'm not bad; I know lots of random useless facts, but I wouldn't outshine others (depending on the category). I'm better at visual questions.

I'd say INTP, but they would not be champions because even though they also love it, they cannot dominate all fields, and tend to be slower in recall...

ISTJ/ISFJ might do well, but I think it comes down to how often you participate/practice, and having a wide range of interests...I'm looking forward to the 'travelling through space' potential lololJ has nothing to do with it. It's your lack of Fe or Si if anything.I respectfully disagree.I know an INTP drama major. This does not always apply unfortunately... it is a stereotype.Wow, aren't you organised and hard hitting! How long did it take you to type and edit that post? :P

**My best advice is;**

MBTI is only a theory. It is not perfect, and so with your thinking, you will never be 100% sure of your type.

Having said that, the only real way to find your type is by **understanding** what each of the **functions** are about, and then leaving **time for self-reflection**. If you aren't aware of the patterns of your thoughts, the driving force for every action or inaction, then how are you going to determine which functions you use?? Using meta-cognition is a skill that needs to be developed.

Once you become aware of your thoughts and their direction, it will be easier to identify the functions you do/don't use.

Also, once you understand the functions, you'll be able to "catch yourself in the act" of thoughts which align with one or the other. Now, I am much more aware of *how* I think, and how it differs from others around me.

**FWIW**, my initial impression is xxFJ (over-reliance on Ti - perfectionist). Search for truth can imply N... and username indicates Ni... Look more into INFJ/ENFJ if you want a shortcut. I read your profile and still agree with those, although I'm leaning towards INFJ. 

Also note that if you are in a bad mental space atm, it will skew your thinking patterns. Your type will be consistent, but may not be as easy to spot.100% agree. Not sure why you were downvoted :(Have a look at ISFJ?

The desire to "belong" to a community indicates Fe and Si, neither of which are INTJ, and you're probably not ESTJ. 

Reddit is a circlejerk, so be careful about comparing yourself to the subreddits as a way of typing yourself. 

You are most likely [INTP](https://www.dropbox.com/s/ijy4q9b8rtr4ji6/INTP%20Alchemist.pdf?dl=0) tho.Haha! 

&gt;"I want to have a flair next to my name so I can talk in communities that also have that flair"...there are no feelings involved.

Well, that to me says *Inf Fe*! xD You're lying to yourself if you think you have no feelings involved. Just because you don't value them when making a decision, doesn't mean they aren't there. You want a flair for no other reason than wanting a flair, and so you can fit in with others that also have a flair - which is not a bad thing at all! Completely reasonable. I like my flair because it makes the most logical sense to others when reading my posts - but then again, that's my Fe-Ti dynamics at play.

ISTP sounds very plausible. They are awesome btw!! Much more practical and action-orientated than INTPs lolol. Would you consider yourself a prankster at all? Or do you like thinking/talking philosophy for fun/relaxation? Do you enjoy your work for being hands-on, rather than being too caught up in theoretics?&gt; Que sera, sera, I guess.

I have this song stuck in my head now! &gt;.&lt; 

*conducts with arms while dancing around the room*... *"WhatEVER will BE, will BEEEeeee..."*Niiice!!! Yup, I can confirm ISTP for you. 

You should find someone to share your ideas with tho btw. I have an ISTP friend, and we can get very deep about the frontier of science and space. Just pushng philosophical thought in general. I can't help delving into it, and he offers structure and grounding. He's studying engineering. It's a lot of fun and very rewarding for both of us :)It's hard to tell from what's been included (funny how the things people think define them can apply to so many types), but I think ENTJ is probably best bet at this stage. 

The only ESTJ thing I can see is; "I enjoy new situations every once in a while, but prefer my routine". I don't have a routine, and don't really value one, so that could point to Si-Ne... but yeah, it's not definitive.

Imo, Si and Ni are easiest to tell apart.&gt;I see no Te...

&gt;I'm a good leader, I always try to stay in control of a situation

I don't know any ISFPs who would say this :PAll of your comments are great, so thanks for adding those.

Thb, after reading them, I'm almost inclined to say that he's an INTP... draws energy from science and strategy more than people, processes things in his own mind, rarely makes an ideological case, no entourage, little joy in small talk....

HONY recently did an interview with Hilary Clinton, and she stated that she knows how much work Obama puts into being natural ([source](https://www.facebook.com/humansofnewyork/photos/pb.102099916530784.-2207520000.1474507423./1362236273850469/?type=3&amp;theater)). Obama is a bit older, and with work, I think his Fe would charm. There's a recent meme also doing the rounds of Obama walking in the rain, compared to Trump hogging the umbrella and letting his wife walk in the rain. It seems he's so deep in thought that he doesn't even notice the rain, which is such an INTP thing.

Also, if you've ever heard of The Choom Gang? hehe, well, my INTP SO takes great delight in it.

He could be INFJ but... until he confirms, I think everyone is going to be very divided. The biggest difference between the two is that INTJs are completely unable to read people. They will try to interpret others actions according to their own cynical views, but most of the time, they are at a loss. INFJs on the other hand have existential thoughts based off of "humanity", situations involving others, and how they relate to others.

It's not that INTJs are "coldest humans"; they just don't have energy or drive to cover up what they are feeling, which is usually judging/disapproving others according to their actions. RBF (resting bitch face) is common.

Sorry about the bad head space :( Have a look into Ni, because it can create a lot of faux theories which only perpetuates negative thinking...My ISTP friend said to me the other day, "When I tried talking to people, they just weren't getting what I was trying to say. I was trying to tell them my ideas, and they completely missed the point, so I just stopped trying. I don't talk to people about my ideas anymore."

He was implying that other people were kinda stupid and they weren't worth his effort (which to be fair is probably half true), however you can see Inf Fe in his lack of being able to appropriately choose words that others can understand. Tailoring what he says for others.

I told him this. He argued that it takes a lot of effort to understand how one person needs communicating, and it's hard, and then everyone else is different!!!! So UGH, it never ends! What's the point! He was completely exasperated... however is slowly starting to talk to people more now. 

They have a very rudimentary understanding of people. Reactions seem illogical and contradictory. They feel deeply and sharply about the few people they choose to invest time into and care about. 

My INTP SO hates a genre of music for a weird reason. We heard an upbeat and happy song on the radio played by a band that reminded me of musicals (I can't remember the exact type), however he wanted to change the channel. He hears it as depressing and fake, because it was played during a time in history when there was mass poverty and depression. The music is falsely happy in order to try and cheer people up. He sees beyond the music to feel what the public would have felt at the time. Such a bleeding heart. Music effects him quite deeply actually.Maui from Moana seems very ENTP to me. ESFP would not go to the same lengths for praise imo.

Good song for me, even tho I resent it :P I want something more romantic &lt;3ESTP - I just can't wait to be king, from Lion King
ISFJ - The Bare Necessities, from Jungle book
ESFJ - When will my life begin, from Tangled
ESFJ - I'm On My Way, from Brother Bear
ENTJ - Go The Distance, from Hercules
ENFJ - Look Through My Eyes, from Brother Bear
ISTJ - Steady as The Beating Drum, from Pocahontas
ENFP - Sunshine, Lollypops and Rainbows, apparently part of Disney?

Who would fit 'You've Got A Friend in Me'? The obvious choice is ENFJ, but it doesn't quite fit... Maybe ISFJ, INFJ?


Haha nope, not an exception, which is why I thought they don't bother with "you're welcome"s. It's 'enjoy what I'm doing, or suck it up' :P They please themselves, not others.Hahah fair enough! I did not think ESFP was motivated by praise :PYou sounds like INFJ. My friend is suuuuper organised. She finds comfort in it because it helps manage her anxiety.

ISFJs don't really think about implications for ideas. They are all about universal lessons. We can only build up on solid foundations, whereas INFJ moves forward before the present has even occurred :PLol I would say ISTJ. The link to tradition and stability... just the connection to Si sounds much more solid than Ni. Living in the country is a kind of comfort that INTJs would not implement because they are too busing wanting to enact their ideas. Their home life is an afterthought compared to work.Yup, that's Fe. Avoiding conflict and maintaining harmony. Not even room harmony, but her own internal harmony. And probably yours too. It'd be kinda embarrassing if you forgot ;)I'm the same as you. I have gotten a couple of typings (in the early days) wrong because my Ni jumps in to make an assumption about who people are, rather than my actual observations (Se) of them. It's bitten me in the butt a couple of times where I try to fit them to the type I expect them to be (and even try to convince them of it), until they tell me I'm wrong (except the INFJ lol) and I realise I've been an idiot. It's given me a greater appreciation for the variance within each type however. 

Now I type people by behavioural cues and things they say that highlight certain functions. (Functions all the way!) I will be more likely now to have someone typed as an ExFx, and wait for more data. Once I'm sure, I like to think I'm right. Observing/questioning those around me also helps me to understand functions better irl.

ENTP, ENTJ, ISTJ, ISFJ are the easiest for me to type

INFJ, INTJ, INTP (but I haven't met many), and kinda ISTP are the hardest for me to type.

I get confused sometimes between ENFP, INFP, ESFP, ISFP, ESTJ, ESFJ, and ENFJ... but usually are fairly easy to sort out. Going from the wording in the OP, and other comments made, pretty sure! I do the same thing and can recognise the feeling in myself. The type of situation is quite confronting and it's almost hard to know how to best handle. 

From what I've seen of Fi, I can imagine in that situation, you'd be much more aware of your inner feelings. They're be bubbling with contempt/disapproval. Firstly, how dare some stranger think they know you, and then just manhandle your child without asking! Outright rude! Whether you choose to say something is another matter tho.

OP is not sure why nothing was said... like she's not willing to rock the boat. Completely Fe to a flaw.

ETA: OP also pretended they were lifelong friends to others... hahaha yeah, def FeMy INTJ friend got herself a Diploma in German, so I would say it's at least an "aux Te" language haha.

I picked Latin for INFJ because of their love of literature and history, plus when I think of which types would bother learning a dead language, it's either them or INTP xD haha

What do you think of Native American for ISFP? I thought it would be too specific... but if you like special... :P Their language is polysynthetic. They can express the equivalent of an entire English sentence in a single word, as it is made up of parts which each have meaning.A little left of centre, but still a language that has *many* speakers. Native language of Brazil, which is known for its soccer, MMA, Rio Carnival, gangland slums, 60% of the Amazon Jungle (like holy fuck), Christ Redeemer statue, etc. The country is both glorious and corrupt, and I think Portuguese represents an exciting and dangerous mix that works well with ENTPs. Most people that speak it can usually understand a bit of Spanish too, so it is versatile.You nearly have the whole set! Wow!We can be silly, but jokes expend too much energy... imoI wish I could upvote this more. Ahahaha ... &lt;3Same hereIf I were to be direct to you, it would go down like;

"Sit down and shut up. No one cares about all the stuff you've done because it's not actually that impressive. You just sound like an arrogant arsehole."

Instead I smile and hold my tongue because my feelings do not help to get the job done. It's much easier to work with ppl when you don't rub them up the wrong way. 

Plus, people deserve a level of respect that seems to get thrown out the window by most Te users on a mission. It can be very lonely at the top, and then we laugh when you fall... ineffectual leaderships right thereEveryone thinks they are :P I've heard that about ENFP as well hahaUgh I hate (with a passion) those clapping hands. Wtf seriously?! I always assumed they were xNFPs on their moral high horse lolGuilty as charged. There's a bit more to the assessment than just hurting my feelings, but yeah. Person is labelled as "undesirable" and I steer clear. 10/10 would recommendNot so. Empathy feels, sympathy understands. It's a matter of what you yourself have experienced. Actually nothing to do with Fe/Fi (y)Aaah sorry, in my haste, I mixed them up. Yes, sympathy is compassion without experience. Empathy is feeling derived from similar experience.

You're right, however I think it's more complicated. I am very good at understanding people. I feel their immediate pain if I am there to perceive it, or in a retelling. I know how people think and feel in  certain conditions and can use that to make an accurate judgement. It may not always be correct however because people exist outside of the norm. I feel and reflect (what I believe to be) the appropriate response for the situation. 

Fi on the other hand (from what I've observed) tends to superimpose their own feelings onto others. They "understand" from their own perspective, not necessarily a universal one. I will say there is a difference between physical reactions tho. Fi is more likely to fight and die for their cause. Black/white, right/wrong, they are consumed with feelings of injustice. Fe feels pain but everything is in a suspended balance, cause and effect. I may know something is wrong, but at the same time, my awareness and understanding of everyone else involved produces a more measured response. 

I'm not sure if this makes sense. It's interesting to think about tho because I can never know how your brain truly works. And yet everyone's brains are so similar ;)

ETA: I think it also really depends on the supporting perceiving function. Si vs Ni for exampleNo, I do it too, but I don't *let* them hurt me... it just happens as part of the "fixing" process :( I expect a little bit of pain, and have no idea where to draw the line.😍Me too!When you say gravity, I get a mental concept image in my head of all the planets and stars held suspended together in space. 

I love your phrase of "raw notions".Sounds like me. Hence why I get anxiety going to new places, because I have no corresponding mental image yet. It's much more blurry and vague as I try to guess what it'll be like.

Thanks for a great thread. Very interesting. I will definitely have to ask my friends about this!Lots and lots of images. Usually in flashes and concepts. I am not good at hosting entire scenes in my head, otherwise the background detail fades away. I'm also incapable of picturing stuff I've never seen before.  Everything is an essence of something else, whether I remember or not.

My future images used to be more specific, but then lead to major letdown, so now I try to make them super vague.

You say apple, my mind will flash every concept for "apple" I can think of while trying to guess what you're talking about. As conversation progresses, the image can become more solid.Sounds like you're an ENFJ fwiw ;PHahaha! Wtf did you do?Not really. I become the people in the movie, rather than me irl becoming a part of the movie, if that makes sense. 

I remember, when I was young, becoming the main character (accent, mannerisms and life outlook) after watching a movie, for the rest of the day til it wore off. It was fun, unless it was a sad movie. Probably why I dislike watching movies with depressed/crazy/petty/mundane ppl in them, now I think about it. It's not for my benefit that I want you to feel a certain way. It's for the benefit of the group (and that include you). Wouldn't it be better if you were happy?

I have gotten (and probably would again if I fell for the trap) frustrated with Fi users who "refuse" to cheer up. 

Firstly, wtf, who does that?? It makes me feel like I'm dealing with idiots - the "being sad is a part of my identity :'(" ppl. You make everyone else sad too! And I'm not talking abt ppl with depression, which tends to be quiet and lethal - I'm talking about the "woe is me! Feel my pain" type of ppl.

Secondly, I'm trying to help. Of course sad people make me feel sad. I'm not heartless! Everything anyone does ever is personally fuelled. Fi users are the biggest culprit of that. Other people always come first for me, but our actions are driven by the need to fix the sadness we feel from you. Again, it's not me that's sad. If I didn't care, I would only feel pity, and then I'd walk away and get over it. If I invest time into helping (rather than walking off and leaving), and then the person completely ignores my advice, well it's just rude. I am intuitive of your whole situation, and as a third person, I probably have a clearer view. It makes me feel like the person is so self-absorbed when my words bounce off them, they are too busy with their ego to consider me at all. I have been especially frustrated when I give advice on a situation, and the person goes against what I recommend and fucks up more and comes back crying to me! Like, I can't keep listening to your sob stories if you won't even fix it! I'm obviously completely useless to you, except as someone you want to complain to. I get angry when I feel used and abused. You need to see a therapist who gets paid to listen! Or find an ISFJ lol

But yeah, I grew up and realised that I don't have to attach my feelings to others, nor try to fix them when they're upset. Usually people will fix their own problems with space and time, and if escalates, then It was just part of their path to recovering. I'm happy supporting now, and don't try to "fix" people, but tbh I don't have that many Fi friends because I can only entertain bullshit for so long before I feel fake for not being honest.

Just my perspective. You're right that empathy has its pros and cons tho.As an ESTJ, you want to engage your Ne in order to relax and de-stress. I'm not really any help in that regard (Ne-ppl please reply), however here are my suggestions.

Read autobiographies or other "productive" genres that interest you. Learning about other people/things is a very worthwhile cause as it will strengthen your Si and improve the way you undertake tasks, especially when it comes to management.

Watch documentaries. You can learn so much, and there's heaps out there (Netflix?) on a vast array of topics. Again strengthens your Si.

Take up some sort of active hobby - a group sport of some kind, or hands-on craft if you like being creative. Exercise has been proven to decrease stress, and you get to socialise as well. There is no downside to it. Using creativity (Ne central!) will also keep your mind flexible, and will support future problem solving.

My Dad (ETSJ) also volunteers his time in the community a lot as well, which he finds very rewarding.

ESTJs I know hate sitting around doing nothing - they have to be busy doing something all the time. But just remember that the *something* doesn't always have to be job related. If you enjoy it, then it can be both productive and relaxing.  Very true.

As an INTP, cleaning and organising fits well with your tert Si. You should also try cooking. Great end result and I'm sure you'd also enjoy perfecting that process too :) it's a great partner skill and cheaper than buying out all the time.Yes, it's the worst. Makes my life hell.I know a wide variety of addicts with different dom functions, and their reason is different for all of them. There may be types who are more likely to experiment, but addiction is very personal.*Sigh*, yes I did get PukwudgieI actually lol'd. Sad but true.I would say it sounds like Ni gone awry. Having one theory and trying to find info to fit it rather than exploring multiple options.Everyone is both a teacher and a student. Totally agree for mine.My thoughts exactly. 

If it was ok to take, I'd morally have to give some to charity regardless.INTP hands down

You give a very good description! Very perceptive :)Socionics is mostly interchangeable. You say you tested INTj, which means that your first function is judging (Ti-Ne-Si-Fe), unlike mbti where INTP means your perceiving function is extroverted. You exhibit many traits of logic and system analysis, as well as inferior Fe. You do whatever your mum says, because you don't really have strong values either way and don't care (but you also don't want conflict).

Check out the r/INTP subreddit and see what you think.

There's no point going through everything because you wrote a lot!! But you seem fairly consistent fwiw.You "secretly listen in" to ppls conversations. An ENTP wouldn't hesitate to jump in and add his 2c. I've seen INTPs pretend they aren't really paying attention when they're really absorbing everything like a sponge to learn from. There are many other things which suggest you have a preference for Ti. 

Can't seem to pick clothes that match suggests you have weaker Fe. A lot of your comments also suggest weaker Fe. You are very hesitant around others. ENTPs tend to have more bold brash confidence and will just wing conversations. They don't think before they leap because it's part of the fun.I find myself, in a motherly way, reminding friends to drink water, eat something, ease up, set boundaries... subconsciously triggered by my own need to do those things. I've passed around a bottle of water at an outing before, offering to everyone.  Only when my mouth gets dry, do I realise that I forgot to offer any to myself, which has made me feel kinda stupid! Duh! Who forgets to drink water they technically first got for themselves?

I have two close friends, who have been best friends for longer than they have known me. They've since had a falling out tho. The ESFP has been too intense and impatient, and ISFJs way of dealing with conflict is to hide under a rock, which only makes things worse. ISFJ also doesn't have enough energy needed to get back into ESFPs good books. But I think they need to at least be on good terms! Their riff is being sustained by pride imo. I'm trying to talk to them each slowly, to help support them to be close friends again. I helped create the situation where they're now friends on Facebook again, which makes me so happy. I'm almost like the messenger/mediator between them, because they both thjnk I'm being silly and nothing will change, but I'm just being optimistic. I think eventually they'll be friends again, if ISFJ gets rid of his abusive gf, so I'm gotta play the long con. It's for their own good really! A friendship of 10 years shouldn't be thrown away over miscommunication...I can win against ENTPs, however it gets nasty. I do real damage to their self-esteem, and they in turn start to make up insults and will use any trick to upset me. ENTP style is more general bashing with a mallet vs a knife to the heartAndy has too much Se to be ENFJ. He's ESTP. I have a couple friend who are similarly goofy.ENFJ and ESTP have the same functions in extroverted positions, just swapped around. Which means we're both fairly similar in our understanding of the world. Fe-Ni Se-Ti vs Se-Ti Fe-Ni

Because our Ni is stronger than our Se, we tend to be more aware of consequences and long term outcomes. It's harder for us to act completely spontaneously, as a natural way of living life. I have to remind myself to live in the moment. While I seek new experiences, there is a limit to the amount of sensory information I can receive before it's overload. I will need quiet time to recharge.

Andy leaps before he thinks (I'm thinking of a scene where he throws a briefcase to turn off a light switch. As seen in the bloopers, he ends up knocking a computer monitor off the desk and smashing it... they joke about the props department). He's all about doing crazy, silly, goofy things in the moment (to make people laugh), no long term plan, just living each day as it comes. Andy acts with almost reckless abandonment. He cares very deeply about people but has limited understanding of their inner workings, which is a strength that we have.

As people develop their functions, it may become harder to tell the difference between the two, so looking for strong/leading functions is useful.

Hope that makes sense.Hmmm you're probably right. He likes the ideas of things more than the thing...I had the same thoughts as you but 

&gt;The only thing guaranteed to drain me is boredom.

Makes me think ENTJ...Fi is not an emotional function btw. Having it in a inferior place means you're less able to use it accurately, so you are very strict with how you do use it to counteract error. It's the "my way or the highway" approach, because your values are better (more logical in your mind) than others. When stressed, this function almost completely falters, and so you lash out because you loose your ability to get what you want diplomatically. The emotions have nothing to do with the function being Fi. I am more of a sub, although it really depends on the person; I can find enjoyment in switching.

I have a tolerance limit for pain and discomfort. It takes me out of the mindset, rather than expanding it. I will play for the experience but not preferred.

I really love being over-stimulated tho. Clothes, music, dirty talking, role playing, restrained, hair pulling, choking, body rubbed, all holes stimulated, etc. I like the feeling of my brain having so many inputs that I forget when and where I am, and there's no space for other off-topic thoughts.

My weirdest kink would be showering... public showers especially.Could also indicate that you're xNTx (my gut says INTJ with such high Ni) and just don't understand each function. Eg, Si there is described as internal sensations and reliving past moments. Ni can feel like it relives past moments too tho. Do some more research into what functions actually do; it will give more clarity on your own direction of thoughts.Considerate visionary. Fits well.&gt;I can't tell if I use Ti or not, that's really the core of my problem that I just discovered in the middle of typing this sentence.

Do you find yourself cleaning the house when stressed, going out more often, doing silly things you may regret later(or not if you're badass lol)? Or do you withdraw into your head and try to make sense of the world?

How easy is it for you to say no if something may be crossing a boundary?Yeah, sounds ENFP. Drill sergeant would be the Te-Si (ESTJ). You exert yourself to try and proactively fix a problem. ISFJs try to solve problems internally (think INTP) when super stressed, which also means avoiding them haha.

Sounds like you also developed morals that align with your Fi. Saying no is just a part of your being, but ISFJ have a *very* hard time letting people down and standing out from the crowd. They want to please, so tend to go along even when they deep down don't want to.Haha you're welcome! 😛Living in the real world shouldn't be under valued. N types just hate being grounded when they want to fly. Someone has to hold our rope tho!She sounds like an ESFJ. I also find these two hard to distinguish, and get them wrong all the time, which is annoying given I should know better (being one of the types lol).

Things that make me think this;

- goofy humour (Humour is not my forte, but usually comes out as sarcasm or dramatisations)

- always very up on current events (I like knowing what's going on, so I can have a general opinion, but I don't like talking about politics if I can help it, unless someone breaks it down in tldr ideas - I talk consequences)

- same religious and political affiliations, but progressive (difference with me is that I am progressive first, and more likely to construct my own ideals for a spiritual belief and political party - or even whole new political system! ESFJs are very open minded, but still like to work within some established structured system)

- very involved with the community (I notice this seems to be an Si thing. I am involved as well, however I don't seem to have the same energy and drive!!! Wtf, how is it possible to do so much? ESFJs are much better, and seem to get less overwhelmed, at staying in touch with everyone. They love the small interactions and directly involve themselves in people's lives. I work much better theoretically and long term. I would help design policies rather than manage campaigns, I would teach mindfulness and good values rather than Sunday school, and I would host youth groups only to know the students so I can mentor them as they move through high school, where I can support them becoming themselves.)

I hope these distinctions make sense. ESFJs are wonderful people and I admire them a lot. They may not be good at reading between the lines, but that's not really what counts in life. They keep me grounded.

Other differences I've noticed;

&gt; Si vs Ni

- They have an interest in numbers, data, spreadsheets, seemingly "mundane" tasks, listening to stories of others experiences... they don't seem to have a direction in life (besides family and security), so tend to "fall into" jobs or positions through a step-by-step process. Because I am future focused, I have dreams and fantasies of what my whole future could be like. I strive towards making them happen, which for an ESFJ feels like an unhelpful fairytale. I like hearing people's stories, but I use them to try to better decode the person's mental processes (x action was caused by q beliefs due to f, g and h events vs ESFJ who think more like f event had x action, g event had x action, and h event had x action, therefore x action is the common pattern). Marketing works really well on Si types I've noticed too, or at least trends of things. I dabble in trends, but for a fun experience of feeling like the masses. Si prefer blending in than standing out, prefer minimalism as they can feel internally overwhelmed, compared to me who loves visual/tactile stimulus. I like lots to look at and absorb. Minimalism feels boring to me, although I can appreciate it's calming affect. Balances as good 👍

&gt; Ne vs Se

- so I touched on this a little in the other paragraph... but Ne is goofy, silly, quirky. Ne loves funhouse mirrors and photo filters. It loves badges or pins. It loves irony and absurdity because of the clash of ideas (eg needlepointing swear words). ESFJ can feel abnormal at times. Se is more dramatic and aesthetic. Visual irony does not impress me greatly. I ask myself "but what does it *mean*?" I enjoy having experiences, and doing things to collect stories. I view my experiences and internally organise them into ideas. Si-Ne plays with ideas externally and organises the data internally.

I hope this makes sense and helps somewhat. Feel free to ask questions!Those with dom Se. When they enter a room, they'd probably be highly offended if no one noticed them hahaHaha you're one of *those* people!Not Fe Dom. I'm way too scared about being judged.ENFJ: When you understand why the rule exists, then you understand whether you need to comply with it. Rules are only there for the idiots of society who fuck it up for everyone else.Fwiw, I have an ISTP and an ISFJ friend who fit these criteria. Need more data.

How hands on is he? Has he built or made stuff, play instruments?Does he like the game aspect of warhammer more than the lore/backstory? 

I think your best bet is to try to use Si/Se to help identify... 

I can sympathise with your confusion, because I'm finding it hard to explain how my friends are different. ISTP feels more square (structured, systematic) in the way they talk, whereas ISFJs are more fluid and organic. They adapt much easier and quicker to the flow of conversation. 

Maybe try asking your friend a personal question, eg What's your favourite season? You'll find ISFJ should be able to answer much quicker, need less introverted thinking time, and not stumble as much. If I ask my ISTP friends, the conversation almost seems to halt while they come up with an acceptable answer.Sounds like he's an ISTP then. They can be good with people. It's just draining for them (like you), and they have trouble trying to express their ideas.ENFJ - pleasant/polite. I get asked for directions a lot. I'm hoping for laugh lines instead of frowning ones.ENFJs don't care about the law *that* much... it's pretty stupid and pointless most of the time And then you start second guessing every action in case you're unconsciously being manipulative 😬If you became our type, it's not easy controlling ppl. Fe-Ni means you can see the consequences to your actions, and others people's pain becomes yours. Tert Fe gives you an emotional barrier which is nice.Interesting! I guess this answers everyone's question of where to find us 😂

I am yet to meet another ENFJ I think. Everyone I suspect turns out to be an S...Hey hey!

Just from this post, I think you're an INFJ.

Here are my reasons;

In all the inferior functions you highlighted, you felt most strongest about Se. I wasn't surprised. If Se is in 4th place, that means Ni is in first place. All the other parts you highlighted point to Ni, which is future orientated. It's about "finding a path", and "making meaning" from the world around us. 

INFJs have high correlations with depression. Dom Ni (in a healthy person) has been described as a swirling vortex of chaos. It makes it easier to loose touch with reality. I also see Ni in other posts you've made in this thread. You seem very sure which functions you have/don't have, which is not usually the case for Ne types. They may not be convinced, but they aren't convinced about anything. To me, it sounds like you've already made your mind up. I can do this too... but then you get stuck in confirmation bias.

Also, just wanted to point out, hoping that knowing your mbti will help fix everything is "magical thinking" , a cognitive dissonance. Be careful, because knowledge is useful, but... you still have to do work.

Fwiw, with an INFJ type, if you're serious about getting better (I've known an INFJ who let depression become part of his identity), it's the easiest type to do meta programming. Have a look into that 👌 

Yeah, feel free to ask questions. There was more but I'm too busy/got bored typing out a whole essay lolTesting with people's inputs is an Fe thing. Extroverted Feeling means that assessments are made against external values from humanity. I'm not sure how to explain it, but having Fe in the auxiliary place is more about humanity than individual people in particular. This also extends into the animal or plant kingdom (life), where you find many ISFJs working with as vets or in plant nurseries. They have auxiliary Fe too, like INFJs, and seem to focus more of beliefs of society and culture. Compared to me who has Dom Fe, I tend to focus more on the individual landscapes. My goal is to change the lives of people, vs changing the lives of societies on large (Dom Fe vs Aux Fe). Does this make sense?

You want to hear other people's opinions, so you can compare it and test the validity of your own. I do this too. Compare this to Fi, who test their judgements against their own internalised morale system. This is why INTJs, who have it in the weaker stressor/relaxation tertiary position, and INFP/ISFPs (Dom Fi) can come across as very stubborn, selfish, resting bitchface, black or white thinking etc.

You have to remember that Hilter was an INFJ... having Fe doesn't mean you like people haha!

I was actually talking to another INFJ today, and he said when he was younger, due to depression, he found it easier to cope by blocking his emotions. It was safer to think uber logically, and not let himself feel anything about situations and people. He was not in touch with his emotions. I think there must be some type of loop in play, but it reminds me of you. The same friend btw is an engineer whose dream is to project manage the design/build of medical grade equipment.

You say "going to draw a road"... this is very Ni, which is all about finding the "universal truth". Si learns about "universal lessons". Ne (as seen in INFP) doesn't like being limited to one road. That'd be suffocating, and they would regret all the missed opportunities. Ni likes knowing where it's going, so plans can be made accordingly. INFJs are master planners. Similar to INTJ, but in regards to meaning in life. Plus, INTJ don't care about others input to their ideas. They come across arrogant because of this. INFJs are more "humble". 

INFJs are interested by humanity, more than logical efficiency. That's the real different between F and T. Efficiency is improving business outcome, at the expense of the people. Labour becomes a number than a face. Remember that Te is paired with Fi, which is why xxTJs seem to lack empathy. Ti is paired as Fe, which comparatively makes xxTPs more socially appeasing, hormonising, and charismatic.

Let me know if you have thoughts/questions.

Q. What sort of inventions do you like making? What are their purpose?Ughhhhmy I lost my whole response.

Long story story. You have Ni-Se. Not caring abt people doesn't automatically make you a T. Some of your responses could point to either INFJ in a rut, or INTJ. Your depression is skewing the answers.

You also sound like a 3 enneagram; http://enneagramsubtypes.weebly.com/3.html
This doesn't help your type, but adds to it, although 3s generally are extroverted...

You said when you were younger, you wanted to be an inventor. Why? What did you dream of making? And what was its propose?

ETA: if you're good at/enjoy leading, that would suggest that you are ENTJ... INxJs don't prefer leading if they can help it.https://yourbias.is/

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_distortion

Your life won't be better or greatly different when you know your type.Seems like your motivation is ego centred. You want to find new things for your own curiosity and recognition.  Founds more Fi than Fe. Which would make you an INTJ.If anything, you probably would have been more like an ISFP. You both have the same function combinations, but in the opposite order. 

INTJ: Ni-Te Fi-Se

ISFP: Fi-Se Ni-Te

If you look at how mbti describes falling into a rut, basically we stop using our strongest functions when they stop being able to solve the problem, and lash out more using our lower/weaker functions. I suspect this is why everyone is seeing your Fi so strongly.

I think turning cold/distant is what a lot of unhealthy IxTx types do as a defence mechanism. I've seen it happen many times. Tertiary or Inferior F types don't open up as easily to others, and would rather ignore their feelings than deal with being vulnerable...It's hard to explain without stereotyping. They generally struggle more to understand their own feeling. They can be cynical and judgemental about other people, but not feel a need to communicate that until things cause conflict/drama, in which they are forced to be blunt and harsh. Blinded by love, just like the rest of us tho. They tend to not get along with many people at all, and will find a rare few who just "click" and seem to get them. They like venting and expressing their Fi in conversation. They struggle to read people's motivations, so I translate a lot for them.I would say ESTP. 

I mean, I may be wrong, but musical instruments, planning makes you anxious (inferior Ni?), fan of sports that thrill (imo an ENTP would only enjoy cycling to try to prove some efficiency point, coz otherwise I think it would bore them), don't like debates unless prepared (big indicator that you're not ENTP)...

Superstitious or hypochondriac could be inferior Si, but would be Ni (seeing incorrect patterns in things and drawings the wrong conclusion).

Do you find people somewhat easy to read? If you are ESTP, the Ni, even though weak, will give you a boost in that regard compared to the ENTPs Si. Like ESFJs, they find it hard to know what people truly mean, because Ne suggests other possibilities. An ESTP acts more like a weaker version of me in regards to people - more aware of social consequences (even though it doesn't matter to you as much which is why you're able to poke people for reactions and not get as stressed out by it).

My ESTP friends love travel and adventure and will just go off and do life. ENTPs love travel but it feels more like soul searching for them, and they can easily get stuck in a rut and need a huge catalyst to break them out of their life cycle. The only problems the ESTP meets is usually due to not planning ahead enough to organise their career and money 😂  but then again, where there's a will, there's a way!How does an ESTP with low confidence and self esteem portray then? Interesting :( doesn't sound fun at all. I hope you're doing better now. Guess we'll have to wait and see what OP thinks...Omg hahaha you're such an ESTP!  I imagine them like dogs that stick their head out of a car window with their tongue lolling in the breeze... 😋esfj - 28.2%

enfp - 16.5%

isfj - 16.3%

esfp - 14.7%

enfj - 12.4%

Hmmmm... did I get so many SFs because I said I'm a good dancer and I sometimes do schedules and to do lists?
I'm surprised there wasn't questions about family or community or something...Very Nice! :) My only comment is that the cube doesn't make it obvious which functions are paired together. How do you visualise that?I think his character is very similar to his public persona. I've always seen him as an INFP.  Quick witted  comedian, and openly gay and millennial advocate. May be wrong tho.ENFP is my guessINTPMy reaction is either, "Oh well, I knew this was going to happen anyway", "O.M.G! So much shame! I can never let anyone know or I risk being seen as stupid/a failure", or "Hey peeps! What a shitty test! How did you do? Yeah I failed lolol. Look how stupid these questions were! What did you get???" HahaTough, competitive and logical, paired with spontaneous, flexible and conceptual, as well as a mix of sociable and observing - to me this all says ENTPI can, but not from start to finish... a large majority tho maybe. I find the compromise is that I can't jump around within the song. It must be played in order so I know what comes next.Hero: Moana, Belle, Wendy, Mary Poppins!, Merida's mum, Alice, March Hare, JaneWe have two Hungarian Vizlas. One is ISTP - approaches everyone but quick to roll over and submit, becomes fixated on birds or rodents, has caught her fair share, not outwardly affectionate but wants to be in the same room, no regard for personal safety, wants to climb in your lap when anxious, mostly ignores other dogs. Other one is ESFJ - overly outgoing and affectionate, clingy for pats, super anxious overthinker who will jump/bark at shadows, scared of strangers but doesn't want to leave the room, remembers "trauma" for a long time (ie something made a loud noise so will avoid at all costs), goofy, too fearful to assert dominance, People everywhere

I see their energies flow

Broken but the same.

~

Breathe and just relax...

Things will happen in their time;

You will be OK.INFP 😂👌I love your art style! Beautiful 🌿Some of these I am more confident about that others, but I am fascinated with linguistics. The more I learn, the more I realise how different the thoughts and emotions are behind the construction of words. Let me know what you think ;)

~~~~~~~

INTJ - German

INTP - Chinese

ENFJ - French

ENFP - Spanish

INFP - Italian

ISFJ - Hebrew

ISFP - Greek

ISTP - Japanese

ENTP - Portuguese

ESFP - Russian

INFJ - Latin

ISTJ - Hindi

ENTJ - English

ESTJ - Arabic

ESTP - Irish/Welsh

ESFJ - Danish/SwedishThis quote is by Juan Maldacena, a world famous theoretical physicist. 

https://www.symmetrymagazine.org/article/taking-a-risk-on-theoretical-physics

I think this definitely relates to personality theory, and is a great analogy. 

No one thinks MBTI is perfect atm, but the goal is to end up with something functioning as best as possible.I love pondering this topic as well. I'm also very curious about how it changes me and mbti. I think that for me, i become more like an INFJ. My NI is strengthened and my thoughts become more tangible. 

Consequently, my SE becomes weaker. This means that I become less tuned in to my environment, but more to my thoughts and body. 

I can get swept away in thoughts, and lose track of time. It is also when I do my best brainstorming, planning, designing etc. I find that I become more productive, because I let thoughts carry me, and don't allow time to overthink. I find myself motivated to do things while I'm thinking of them.

I think I find it harder to read people on an extroverted level, however I can intuitively trust my gut and it is usually accurate. It does make me a little bit anxious to not be able to respond as quickly to social cues. I have to almost care less about what people think of me, because I'm just not as able to meet their social needs (and realistically, I don't want to, because my ideas are more interesting, and their feedback is just for fuel). It's weird because I'm still me, but with different abilities. I can imagine that a real INFJ actually does care a little less than I do about others reactions and opinions.ISTP confirmed Haha!I've always thought of ESTPs as racing car drivers of the mind. Their thoughts move so quickly, and weed slows them down enough so they don't crash. I've heard others say they even out too... It tames hyperactivity.

I find it fascinating! We have the same top functions and my Ni also gets stronger, but because the positions are swapped, we have different results...Makes sense! I do that too...

This is why new situations are really stressful for me, because I'm not able to be as perceptive of everything with my low Se. Instead, I have to also be aware of danger in an Ni sense of awareness. I can't switch off being observant, however I guess my focus is less on things and more on people?ISTPs (and ESTPs) are the only types I know that can be high all the time and still function like a relatively normal person. 

ENTPs give them a run for their money, but I think Ne makes you less able to blend into the real world when high. &gt;Psycho Enlightened Mode - now I can tell people exactly what they want to hear!

Haha! This is so accurate that I literally burst out laughing.They can try to be normal when high all the time, but they don't function as well... I think it's the Se-Ni vs Ne-Si difference...Tbh, while that was also my first sarcastic thought, the strong desire for a yes/no answer makes me more inclined to say INTJ (Ni desires truth, whereas Ne enjoys entertaining possibilities)

OP, just look at the difference between Fi and Fe. I think that's one of the most notable differences between the two. INTP are easily affected by other people's opinions. Their inferior Fe means that they enjoy belonging to a group but struggle to know how. They have no idea how they feel most of the time, and tend to make decisions based on (not just logic) by also mutually accepted values. INTJs in contrast find other not only hard to read, but also completely irrelevant to themselves. They have stronger values and know what they feel about different issues and topics. They will have much stronger moral reasoning. They have much more aesthetic style and enjoy looking good, based on their own value. I would never see an INTJ wear a slogan or icon t-shirt as daily wear for example. It seems to be more likely casual business wear.

I hope this helps you...

Eta: Also, look at the first point!! Haha. INTJ just "wants to know", and INTP wants to find it out.You are 100% INTJ. Descriptions are flawed. You need to take time and notice your own cognitive patterns and compared them to the functions.Even though you are an ISFP, which is not as rare, your type embraces individuality so strongly that there is actually a wider difference between each person of your type than those of other types (I'm looking at you SJs and TPs). 

Yes, ISFPs may all like dancing, have an appreciation for beauty and art, and an admirable confidence in your own unique beauty (way more than the overly humble INFJ!), but fear not. You only think similarly to others and so can understand where more people are coming from, but you are still your own unique brand of interests and desires!Tempests and Slaughter book by Tamora Pierce - main character Arram is a powerful INTP mage in training.

Scroll down to [Personality and traits](http://tamorapierce.wikia.com/wiki/Numair_Salmalín)Nah, I would put ENFP above us any day. You got that Te son! Getting shit done because you can!  

Te is literally our last function. Along with Si, I can't make myself do anything just for the sake of doing it. It's pretty shit. Making friends is great but the real world is build up of corporate hierarchy, which I detest with a passion. I can't play nice and keep my head down becaise it destroys my soul.I subscribe to the shadow function model, where we use all 8 functions. Took me a while to start learning about it, but when i did, everything made a lot more sense!

Ti is my 4th function. I can use that reasonably well. Te is my 8th function. Not quite PoLR, but I value it so little in favour of Fe. This is why xNFJs are known for the door slam. We don't know how to be blunt (Te) without making it personal and without it making us highly stressed at the disturbance in harmony and being liked (Fe). Instead of a bitchslap like xNFPs, we get rid of people all together.

This is why you struggle to create personal boundaries and morals. Fi is your 8th function. You reject it in favour of Ti. It just does not seem like a good way to live for you.

I think it's John Beebe. To build on this thread, u/tomjazzy you made my point. 8th function place is also referred to as the "demon" function. It's what you demonise other people for. With me, I dislike Te doms because I see them as money hungry corporates. "The man". They are so busy "doing the things that make them the best", that they step on heaps of toes and generally don't make the world a better place for anyone except themselves. You are merely a pawn in their game. They feel proud.

You hate Fi doms because they seem self-serving. Every function can be used poorly, but because you so strongly reject Fi in favour of Ti.... you focus on the negatives. I have seen many selfish Fi users (unhealthy), but the benefits of Fi is that they are aware of how they feel and what they want to do. They can be decisive and make decisions about what they value and what will make them feel good. Fi also makes them highly sensitive to the emotions of others, to the point where they will confuse them as their own. This gives them a great depth of empathy. When an Fi user takes from others (energy drains which I'm sure you've encountered), they misguidedly are trying to fill a hole inside. Their logic says that if you have had enough, you'd tell them to stop, because they would expect you to have clear boundaries like them. You would be surprised at how easy it is : "Sorry, I'm feeling tired today. Would you mind giving me some space?" And they will completely understand and respect that, no hard feelings. It's something INTPs need their hand held in.

As u/jackred1 said... the way Ti works here to create morals (and it's similar to how I use it), is that it searches for the universal truth. It reasons that if we know the truth, then we can find fairness in the correct way something should be done. Unfortunately, because people are not systematic, that means xNTPs are not aware or able to discern in what way it's fair for others to treat them, and when they should be standing up for themselves. It's healthy to set boundaries and say to people "you know what, I don't like what you did/said because it didn't make me feel good and you weren't being fair to me". In this case, Ti can't help because you are a subjective person. Hence why us Fe users can get walked over sometimes. We all have different strengths for different purposes. If you understand why they reject Ti due to function stacking, then you can understand that it is merely by circumstance that they are born a particular type, as you were born an INTP. I would hope that this will encourage you to show some patience towards them as they learn to see the benefits of Ti. It's not that they don't want to find truth, but that they don't know how. Truth is not always comfortable. If you are open-minded, you can both learn a lot from each other.ENFJ: It's easier to help others than helping myselfI think this is due to your tertiary SiPoLR Se strikes again 😂Photoshop me in with a straight jacket please 😅Yup, I can confirm that it looks like this. It's what makes them both so adorable! 😍"Here is my truth and I don't care enough to censor myself."

I feel almost drunk and although I keep the peace, it's a lot easier to open up and share with people. I find it hard to stop talking and connecting in order to sleep. Responses feel almost autopilot."Are you doing anything for your birthday?"

"...Should I?"

Then I start thinking about all the people I may possibly invite that would be interested in doing something, and what those people might enjoy doing.

I personally just want cake and maybe secretly enjoy having people recognise my day to show that I mean something to them.Well, off for me at least... being centre of attention is weird because I feel responsible for everyone to have a good time... I'd rather organise something for someone else and watch from "behind the scenes".I've been thinking about this recently and want to share [Longest Time - Billy Joel](https://youtu.be/rd4_d9_5iwE) for my type. Harmonies and lyrics are spot on From personal experience;

ExFJ are inbetween/kinky switch (leaning towards sub), 

ISFJ are definitely sub but more kinky than you realise, 

INTP are inbetween dom (leaning towards vanilla), 

xNFP are inbetween sub (they like to imagine that they are kinkier haha), 

ENTP are inbetween switch (whatever their partner wants although fantasize about subbing), 

ESFP are super kinky (although seem to lean towards sub),

ISTP are definitely kinky doms,

and INFJ are inbetween doms.Did we expect any different tho? HahaI love musicals... :D highly depends on the storyline tho. And preferably involving some talking.

I take it that you don't sing...I'm guessing ENFP. Ne-Fi-Te-Si. I doubt someone with Ti would pick Fi.I see fireworks for ESFP.

For ENTP, I see sparkly dark purple/blue smoke. There's always a hint of mystery and magic about them.ESTP - r/holdmybeer or r/woahdude

ISFJ - r/crafts or r/photoshopbattles

INFP- r/cozyplaces or r/imaginaryinteriors

ESFJ - r/animalsbeingbros or r/penmanshipporn

ISTP - r/urbanexploration or r/gaming

ENTP- r/changemyview or r/showerthoughts

INFJ - r/worldbuilding or r/askreddit and straight to comments section

INTP - r/educationalgifs or r/outside

ESTJ - r/legaladvice or r/personalfinance

ISTJ - r/oldschoolcool or r/eatcheapandhealthy

ISFP - r/rupaulsdragrace or r/3dprinting

ESFP - r/fancyfollicles or r/tifu

ENFP - r/listentothis or r/psychonaut

ENFJ - r/upliftingnews or r/psychology

INTJ - r/futurology or r/nottheonion

ENTJ - r/moraldilemmas or r/(different cities and countries around the world)I still don't get why there was an INFP mod to begin with...4chan would be most accurate.Don't forget that your tertiary function is the child-like joy and stress relieving spot. That function will bring you a lot more light hearted laughter than any of the others.As a Aux Ni user, I do this as well but not to the same extreme. It's like I unfocus from the world around me and instead see my minds eye projected onto my reality. It's on my minds eye slate that my ideas get displayed and shuffled around. During this phase, I can get distracted by external stuff, hence why I find it easier to select thoughts when looking away from someone and staring off into an empty place.You're definitely not Ni hahaha!Even though we share two functions in the same spot, this is why I struggle around ENTJs. That Te really clashes with my Fe. Objective accomplishment over beauty and aesthetic?? (must be a Se/Fx thing). It's *subjective* accomplishment because you place value on it, and surround yourself with like minded people. I see many ENTJ act in the same way - experiences are gained mostly to brag about them later. "Let me tell you about this thing I did and how it made me a more special person! How good am I for doing this thing!" That's inf Fi for you btw. You enjoy feeling unique.

You're going to have to eventually work on your Fi and figure out which Te accomplishments are worth having. It's easy to *do* lots of things, but not all of them are worthy and actually make life better. Don't forget that you're part of a people system too so your actions affect those around you, which in turn affect you back.This is such an INTJ thing to do too 😂I like to try and challenge the label tho... We are more than just stereotypesInternal and external sensory perceptions. Isn't that exactly what Si and Se stand for? They are perceiving functions based on sensory data. 

Thanks for the discussion. Fwiw, I think proprioception and interoception are facets of Se and Si. It obviously doesn't encapsulate the whole of it, however based on my RL observations, it seems fairly accurate. And yes I would say that the other 5 senses would fit here too. Eg. Se uses sight to observe the current situation (proprioception after all is awareness of space). Ne uses sight to project possibilities onto. Si uses sight gathered by Se to form a subjective impression to store away in memory banks.

I am hyposensitive to proprioception, however I am must less aware of interoception which this seems to function more subconsciously. Eg. If I touch an object, my mind will recreate the shape of the object, rather than focus on how it makes my body/skin feel.

Eg. ESFP is great at parallel parking. I'm ok at it. Takes me careful observation. ENFP has to turn the radio off and limit Se input (no talking) so they can concentrate.

The problem I find with discussing these functions in these forums is that most people haven't actually taken the time to reflect and gather real world data to understand them. Words on a screen is limited knowledge when you could in fact delve into yourself and observe and discuss how other people perceive their world.Yes, you get along very wellI love listening to ISTPs! You don't talk enoughCompared to me, nope! I love it.ENFJ without schemes? ...um...It is hard to write them short like this because even the descriptions above are not totally accurate. 

Functions are the brain's cognition and perception, and so although functions can be described, it takes a long time to comprehend how to it looks/feels from inside someone else's head. 

Fe and Fi are less about feeling and more about morals and ethics. They're judging functions, so how ppl make decisions. Feelings are data which may help make a decision, but it's not what the function does.Wow, this is a concerning number of people who don't understand the functions 🤦‍♀️ Considering that the letters are merely code to work out your function order, and are almost useless on their own.Embracing and strengthening our shadow functions also helps us become a stronger and more balanced human as well.No. I am ENFJ with inattentive ADHD and I have never typed as an FP. Just because I struggle to find motivation and finish tasks, doesn't change the way my brain gathers and processes information. I lead with extroverted feeling.

The difference between J vs P is J types prefer using an extroverted judging function, and P types prefer an extroverted perceiving function. IxxP can typically mistype as a J, because their first function is judging (eg ISFP uses Fi-Se-Ni-Te). They perceive themselves as making lots of decisions - problem is that it's an introverted judging function (pairs with the extroverted perceiving one in 2nd place), and so from the outside, others are only seeing that person engage as a perceiver.


J types have an extroverted judging function, so they like to make decisions quickly and then adjust if needed. (E.g. INTJ use Ni-Te-Fi-Se. At the end of the day, even though people see them as decisive, they are lead by a perceiving function, and are not driven by a need to see their ideas in reality).

P types dislike making decisions quickly because new information might have them change their mind. They might seem indecisive, but their priority is on externally percieving (gathering information). J types seem decisive because they are seen to externally make decisions.Ignore Fi says the person with that function in their blind spot haha!! Ironic. 

Fi is your own personal moral system. What do you value? How do you judge what is right or wrong without others telling you? What do you stand up for? How do you create boundaries to look after yourself? What you want matters.Cognition is how our brain thinks. Metacognition is thinking about our thinking.  Cognitive is talking about the process - think like code for a computer. A cognitive process is the process our brain takes to do stuff.Check out [A little bit of personality](https://www.alittlebitofpersonality.com/). I like their resources.HAHAHA

Me: *Finds an artwork that speaks to me. Looks around for security guard. Whips out camera for a photo*

Security guard: *materialises out of nowhere*. You can't take photos of these. *points to sign*

Me: Oh, I'm so sorry, I didn't realise. *slinks off to find other artworks to photo*I was being facetious. I know what you meant. 

I think it's actually more helpful to view Fi when paired with it's perceiving function, because I think they color things - one can't work without the other. NFP and STJ vs SFP and NTJ.

Looking at different groups gives different impressions. I agree that looking at any type with the function as their dominant or auxiliary helps see patterns clearer perhaps.It is somewhat as meaningless as an incomplete sentence... it's like having the verb without the noun. It's not that it can't work and doesn't hold it's own meaning, but there's a shift in how behavior and motivation manifest itself. 

Understanding function axis (Fi-Te vs Fe-Ti) and function teams (e.g. Fi-Ne) will not only improve your understanding, but also typing.

E.g. Fi-Ne vs Fi-Se - introverted feeling may be harder to identify in the first pair, as Ne is an abstract ideas function. While a person may be working towards a value they believe is important, it may not be noticeable what exactly that is and can therefore exhibit itself in various random behaviors - journalling is commonly described because it's something tangible we can see. As opposed to an Fi-Se user which engages in tangible things they value. Aesthetic, art, music, movement, craft, trade, etc. It's easier to see Fi displayed with an ISFP user as opposed to an INFP user.  
Also note that functions will vary slightly if it's Pe-Fi.

Knowing the difference between these pairs helps when looking at combinations. 

xNFP and xSTJ use the same function pairs in different orders - (Fi Ne) (Si Te) 

xSFP and xNTJ use the same functions - (Fi Se) (Ni Te)

You will find that, as you get older and your functions develop more, you notice behaviour similar to those who use your end pair functions in the first spot. E.g. an INFP can look like an ISTJ when more mature as they ground themselves through Si-Te activities. If you know what these two functions act like together, then it gives you deeper insight.

Also, you will see an ISTJ use Fi-Ne together... but poorly lol. Especially when stressed. But when they become healthier, they will tap into these as well and perhaps appear more at flow like an INFP.  If you only restrict yourself at looking at xxFPs for Fi, then you miss seeing it in other places that (imo) are relevant. 

I hope this makes sense.I did all the functions!

Ni: 🔭📈 🌌

Ne: 📡🔮🎆

Si: 🔬🗃️🍿

Se: 📸 👩‍🦯🎢


Ti: 🔎⚙️🧩

Te: ⏱️📰🤺

Fi: 🧭💃☄

Fe: ⚖️👨‍👩‍👧‍👦🌱Watch videos on YouTube instead. Hearing it from someone will help you. It triggers Fe instead of Si/Ni functions when reading, which you are stronger with.Where are the ISTJ and ESTJs? I'm pretty sure Karen never thinks she's wrong...Haha it's true! I'm usually the last to finish because of thisI thought it was a nose!Mods, come on. This should be on r/shittymbtixSTP loves philosophical and theoretical discussion. Just not all the time hahaWell, you're interested in mbti enough to post in a forum! You're only interested in theories that you can use to problem solve stuff. You learn something, it makes "sense", and you move on.

If you are an ISTP, you have Ni in your child function place. Just like a 10 year old, theories are shiny and fun to play with, but only if your Ti driver thinks they're useful. You're not as good at using them to predict things, although you would foresee differently than your NTJ.Theories are just ideas you subscribe to. Going from your username, if I asked you,  "what is the best way to get fit?", you would be able to explain your favorite theories in depth. They have purpose. 

Makes sense that impractical theories lose your attention.Your mind maybe. Not everyone has functions in the same order as you, so analysing and innovating aren't their priorities.Yes, understanding the complexity of the universe and existence is easier than real life matter.Not necessarily. Look at the Australian aboriginal culture. They never invented writing, even though they are the oldest living culture on Earth. They share information through verbal story telling, art and dance. Some of their stories detail geological events that happened 10,000+ years ago. 

Books can be burned and lost. Writings can be manipulated for false narratives. It's not fool proof. Ask any historian. 

Inventing language and writing does not imply that everyone innovates.

An individual may not store all information, but each person has a special interest. Sharing these contributes to the collective knowledge.Imagine having demon Te in a world where you have to make money *cries in poor*tl;dr- Humans love to judge and criticise each otherDemonising the use of Te. 

In my head, it says: "It's bad to use this function. You should not do things just to achieve personal success. Corporations are corrupt. Capitalism and heartless structure is ruining people's happiness."

Money is a by product of lucky Fe use and specialisation. It's not the goal.Just profiling based on your type. 

You have Dom Fi, so you require a feeling of value and emotional connection to your work and life. 

You are critical of Ti. Ti people may appear unemotional in their decisions and potentially pursue things that don't have good moral value. They are not in tune with themselves and what they feel. Using an objective and calculated framework for understanding the world seems useless and inhumane. You may also perceive them not acting on their logic in the way you expect, which is super frustrating. 
You prefer making decisions which consider the human element, including your feelings, in the equation. You know your experience is really important.ALL the timeOh, that's true actually! I dislike reading specialised books. That seems like a really inefficient way to me to learn. I'd rather skim over what multiple people are saying rather than reading each book in depth.

Personally explored info would be Si, and as my Trickster, I had never considered this either...Demon Si would be very anti tradition. "We should not be looking at the past. We should be looking towards improving the future. Just because it's always been done this way, probably means it's time to change it." You probably also don't trust your memory very much. Also neglect of body sensations : "The way my body feels is unimportant because I can still function."From the opposite side, Ti demonizes you because they think you're too emotionally biased in your decision making, selfish, and that you don't act with enough "truth". They don't think their personal experience should matter if tying to make the most rational objective decision.I also like history. It's important for looking at trends. And also just seems a bit like a story. How they used to live is fascinating. Not so interested in political structure tho. 

I also lean into discomfort! I can mentally detach from physical pain, discrediting severity and push too far. I'm going to consider this more because I realise that it does affect my life, but it also seems boring and tedious. 

I dislike talking about my own achievements actually. It feels like bragging. 

 You're welcome! Have a good day!Self-driven even :)Yeah, I understand what you mean, so it is the same thing. 
The actual word driven (or guided) has more positive connotations than self-centred, which is closer in meaning to selfish and ego-centred. Fi is not a black hole, but a self-directed motor. This is my Ti thinking that the "correct" use of words is important. 

When unhealthy,  IxFPs are prone to negatively impacting others. They feel that they must satisfy themselves first in order to be happy, and hence neglect to consider others. This neglect usually steps on toes or acts blind to/against interests of others. This self guided behavior doesn't make sense to Ti, so they have no other way of comprehending, except distain.Sounds like you need some Ni for that existential crisisHehehe yeah pretty much. Maybe it's an Ni-Fe combo, but answering the complexity of consciousness is something we are compelled to doNot just a P thing. This is totally me tooTbh i think it's adult adhd haha. Structure is super hard to create and maintain because it's boring and time consuming, but I keep hoping I'll change one dayGreat referenceI love it. Super fun to imagine all the different dynamics between pplIt's not controversial to INFJ tho, because it's literally how they see the world (Ni) and what makes logical sense to them (Ti). 

INFPs have Si which allows them to understand the dynamic of society's structure better and Fi works within those confines.You're right. You know when something is not the popular opinion.

JKR is saying something she knows is controversial because that is genuinely the way she sees the world. She thinks she's doing the courageous thing by sticking to her truth, because that's her world. She thinks her truth is the best way forward. 

Ni can be really stubborn. I've experienced it before. I think the world/people work a certain way, and I can be in denial for a while before everything shatters and I'm disillusioned and lost. 
I have seen INFJ friends get stuck in the dark which shapes their view the world and social interactions and expectations.  They mirror it out and misinterpret society in a fundamentally misaligned way. People who have lower Ni tend to make more small conclusion errors. Finding far fetched connections between things in their life.  But when INFJs do,  it's something that is at their core of being and self. A root structural design component.Have definitely heard these words out of an ESFPs mouth, and I also LMFAO
Road Eternal probably. That ability to go on forever sounds really great, but with the option to end it if I want. You can meet so many cool people on the Road Eternal.

Nakama seems really really nice, but there's no possibility for more. It just ends.I learned on Reddit that you're never the only one who does anything. There's always someone who has the same/super similar experience.
Me: ENFJ

Brother: INFP

Sister: ESTP

Youngest Brother: ESFP

Dad: ENTP

Mum: ISFP


I get along pretty well with my brothers. The first one and I always talk about kind of abstract things, never run out of stuff to talk about. Since we're both Feeling Doms I feel like he just gets me better than the rest of my family. 
My sister and I fight quite a bit. I usually get annoyed because I feel like everything she does is for selfish reasons and doesn't really care about the rest of the family, just getting her own needs taken care of. My dad and I also have some interesting intellectual discussions and debates, but sometimes he gets too into them and I don't know how to end them. I'd say out of my whole family, my brother and mother get along most hahaMother: ESFJ
Father: ENTP

Me: ENFJ
Brother: ENFP
Sister: ESTP
Other brother: ESFP

We are all mixtures of our parents different traits. We're also all a family of extroverts, which I think nurture definitely played a part in.I made a Vampire Diaries themed MBTI type indicator chart. Check it out

http://wmirza.deviantart.com/art/The-Vampire-Diaries-MBTI-Chart-626798863?ga_submit_new=10%253A1470637878&amp;ga_type=edit&amp;ga_changes=1&amp;ga_recent=1
INTPs. Leading Ti is so sexy to me. Probably because it's my weak point.

I also really love my INFJs and the happy bubbly types like ESFPs.

ISTx types impress me, but I admire from a distance. :)She sounds like an ESFJ with well-developed Ne to me.

ESFJ function stack: Fe, Si, Ne, Ti

ENFJ function stack: Fe, Ni, Se, Ti

As you can see the differences happen in the middle. Everything you described about an ENFJ could easily also apply to an ESFJ. The main thing that makes me think your gal is an ESFJ is "sense of details and facts", and "relies on past experience". That is very heavily Si and as an ENFJ, I can tell you that Si is one of the absolute hardest things for me to use. It's incredibly difficult and awkward for me, not natural at all. When I try to look into some "vault of past experiences" it's like... blank. I have no real points of reference.

Ni is the second function of an ENFJ and it causes a lot of our mental processing to be done in the subconscious. Our brains are just like a bunch of post-it notes stuck up all over the place, so when we consciously try to look inwards (Si) everything feels incredibly disorganized and confusing and it's not very helpful to us.ENFJ. 

I went through a huge emotional/social trauma 2 years ago that has made me over-think my interactions with people (dominant function) way too much. Alcohol right now definitely dulls that so I just become way more friendly and happy and all about everybody having a good time without any worry that it's coming across as annoying or shallow.

Before the trauma I actually hardly ever drank because I felt like I had just as much, or more fun, not being drunk.

I like to take care of my drunk friends and also be present enough to notice and be amused by all the funny things they do.I'll give an amen for the ENFJ one. I've always been attracted to the quiet person in the corner who seems like they've got a rich inner world and a thousand ideas buzzing around. I lust over Elon Musk and feel absolutely nothing towards Channing Tatum.I don't think any one question can get to it, but some ideas for getting people to self-evaluate out loud...

"What are your strengths?"

"What characteristics does the ideal job for you have?" 

"How would you solve {this} problem?"

"What do you like to do in your free time?"

"What do you do when you disagree with a co-worker on your team about how to solve a problem?"I think there's validity to it, but theory does not directly translate into reality because of outside complexities.

For instance, my dual is an ISTP. However I tend to feel deeply unsatisfied with S-types because of a pre-existing hurt where my Ni was constantly misunderstood, challenged, or completely missed by my ISTx father. Relating on the intuition axis is very important to me personally because I have the experience of feeling alone in the world.

So while I believe that duals can be great "partners", I think romantic love is much more complex than that. There are many more ways we feel incomplete and un-whole than just "Boy I am really bad at finances, I sure wish I was with someone organized", and a lot of times I think we want those voids filled MORE desperately.Have you read the profile descriptions? INTPs are a totally different breed than INFPs.

When evaluating something INTPs will consider "What is true?" and an INFP will consider "Does this matter?". INTPs are objective. They look for empirical truth. INFPs are subjective. They look for meaning. 

I'm dating an INTP, who I also work with. Having Ti in the dominant position makes you very noticeably different from other people. The first thing I noticed about him is how whenever he learns something, he has to understand it very thoroughly and to the absolute depths. We're software developers and he learns a new language by literally reading the definition of every single class/method. Most people I know don't have that kind of focus and interest in being extremely precise, especially when it comes to things/systems. He also has thought about the best and most efficient way to do... everything... Whether it's organizing the refrigerator or building a computer. Analyzing things is like breathing to him.

The other thing very noticeable about INTPs is their complete straight face. They generally struggle early and often with relating to people, especially emotional people. If they're older or more mature they can start to build analytical ideas around emotional subjects that help them fit in better. I.e. "I can tell by observation that they are sad. Sometimes telling a joke makes people not sad. I will tell them a joke." They are very good natured in that they want to help you solve your problem of being sad, but they don't feel your sadness and they will struggle to intuitively "understand" why you are sad. 

Emotions are a bias that clouds reasoning in the minds of someone with dominant Ti and so they de-value their own feelings about things completely. Many times they make a decision based on something logically ("This person understands me and I enjoy their company.") and then the feelings kind of follow in the background ("I love them").

If you don't really struggle with truly empathizing or relating to emotions then you are definitely an INFP.

Us feelings types like to consider ourselves to be very reasonable (and we think that equates to logical), but if you spend any time around a truly logic-dominant person, it's incredibly obvious that we are not the same.Good points! I definitely meant the opposite of empirical.

I wasn't trying to explain the functions themselves as either subjective/objective, but rather the kinds of mental benchmarks they choose to use to evaluate data. F- "What is the value of this?", T- "Is this true?"

But I get that Ti is focused inward, therefore based in self, and not on the outside measurable world. So strictly speaking, not objective.I'd love a second opinion on my type, yay!

1. Good will or intentions. Considering the "universal wisdom" of their actions. Passion. Honesty. Creativity. Intelligence. Knowing and being confident about what they are or their mission.

2. Arrogance, complete selfishness, inability to consider outside perspectives, dishonesty, harming others intentionally.

3.  When it comes to people I remember a lot of random very specific things about them- like that they hate peas and love rainbow socks. If I have an hour long conversation with a friend, I can easily tell my boyfriend every subject we talked about when I see him the next day. Meanwhile, if you ask me what color the house is that I've lived in for 10 years... I have no idea. I mean I'm pretty sure it's not fuchsia, cuz I would have noticed that... probably. But is it tan or gray or white? No clue. If I drive somewhere with a friend, it's totally embarrassing when I come out of the store with them and have no idea which car is theirs even though I was just inside of it. I never pay attention to where I park my car, and can conjure up no specific memory of it, yet I somehow can "sense" the direction it's in. I tend to remember impressions much better. If I want to remember something specific, I'll try to pull around at different associations until I can find it. "Crap, where's my purse? Did I leave it somewhere? What did we do for dinner last night... Oh yeah, that restaurant. Did I take my purse?... The lighting was dark, there was that couple there having a super intense conversation... Oh yeah, I had my purse on the floor because now I remember the feeling of the strap getting tangled around my leg. The idea of picking it up when we left doesn't feel familiar at all, it must still be there."

4. Between those three I would say the future. When I'm alone I'll try and organize and plan in my mind the events going on in my life. "We're going camping next weekend with our friends and their 8 year old son... I should bring a coloring book and a frisbee in case he gets bored. Oh and I should get that stout my friend really likes so we can drink it around the campfire." A good amount of my mental energy goes towards thinking about how to make time spent with other people The Most Fun Possible, especially if I'm the organizer of the event. I also spend a lot of time thinking about things bigger than me- if there's God, the universe, how to make my life meaningful, the state of humanity. The things I see as "big problems" I tend to generate theories "what if...?" and then test them against other impressions I have or things that I know. This can easily turn negative for me though. When I daydream I have random "Ah-ha!" moments as my mind lazily wanders and drifts from connection to connection without specifically looking at any one point.

5. This is a really hard choice for me. I am incredibly interested in doing A (cuz I already know what I know... and I like knowing new things!) but I think B is a pretty critical thing for me to do too. I think I enjoy both equally. 

6. Assessments of people's motivations and feelings (i.e. "I get the feeling your sister is just mainly concerned about what your family will think if they get back together.") and ideas about the universe/the unknown/psychology/science/everything.

7. Not likely at all. Asking them questions to try to get them to the same conclusion I'm at or emotionally appealing to them like "I know you are really hurt and you have every right to be. I'm just concerned that..." I am much more likely to speak up if the action is NOT based in my own discomfort/hurt but rather affects someone else I care about or if I think they are seriously hurting themselves. I do also tailor my methods to what I know about the person. My INTP boyfriend hates emotional reasoning because it feels like a guilt trip. So with him I'm more likely to be like "My concern is x because y." If it's a stranger hurting someone I love then I am incredibly assertive and can possibly get aggressive. (I tried to fight a guy at a bar once because he was harassing my friend.)

8. Super interested, though I'm much more likely to do it with someone else. I really love seeing people be passionate about things, so even though I don't personally necessarily feel comfortable with the idea of sky diving, if my boyfriend really wanted to do it I would definitely do it with him and probably love that time because I will feel all the excitement he feels. (But I probably wouldn't do it again on my own, haha.)

9. I hear the phrases "easy to talk to", "articulate", and "adorable" a lot. (I know that last one is really weird, but I think it's because I can be kind of silly and easily excitable.) People assume that I am very in touch with emotions but more like... I understand them... than that I feel them intensely. I recently was told I was "an empath, but one that is really grounded and knows which energy doesn't belong to them" (I don't actually agree with that, but it was nice/surprising that they had an impression of me as being a stable person). I am quiet, but not shy. If I have something to say that I think is interesting and relevant, I can tell the story animated and loudly, but I don't talk just to talk. If I'm communicating it's because I'm asking questions, throwing in a random joke about something, think the person will find something really interesting, explaining knowledge of something, or relating to an experience. Definitely am a stream of consciousness speaker and can jump from sentence to sentence. (Sometimes subjects but not usually. More tangential than subject changing.) In a one-on-one conversation I can get excited and interrupt, but I mostly try not to do this and if I do do it I always remember to say "Sorry, but you were saying that you...?" and remind them what they were saying and give the conversation back to them. I don't generally care if I'm interrupted. If someone goes on a tangent, I might be more interested in that. If I felt the need to tell my story, once they were done, I would just be like "So yeah, I was saying..." I can be fidgety, mostly it happens if I have an anxious unresolved thought in my subconscious. When I have a lot of my own happy or excited emotions inside of me I also will get dance-y and fidgety. Getting out of bed is SUPER hard for me, especially if I had an interesting dream.

10. The only thing I can think of is when I feel my motivations are misunderstood or like they are misunderstanding someone else's motivations. 

11. It takes a long time for me to end a relationship or do something really serious. I would say I'm aware that I'm unhappy, but I try for a long time to rationalize or make it work. I am likely to communicate with someone about it if I think it will help create a solution, but not as likely to just "vent" to someone. I discuss it if it seems absolutely necessary and like I can't deal with it on my own. I am not likely at all to change my mind after coming to a Very Big conclusion. If I break up with someone, that's it. I decided to leave my parent's and best friend's religion 2 years ago, knowing it would mean that they wouldn't be allowed to talk to me at all, and my best friend's husband tried to console her like "Oh she's just talking about it, she's not really going to do it." and my best friend was like "No. I know her. She wouldn't say this out loud unless her mind was completely made up. This is happening for sure." Usually changes are not that difficult to adapt to for me. Losing my family and my best friend took me a super long time to be okay with, mostly because of the guilt of hurting them/leaving them. Absent of guilt, I move on pretty fast. I generally don't make big changes unless I'm doing it with someone I love or because I feel completely suffocated and terrible in the situation I'm in. Generally it's a circumstance that makes me change, but obviously it's my own feelings/viewpoint of the circumstance that make it really unpleasant so... not sure how to answer that.

12. 27, Female, USReally? I've seen lots of flaws mentioned- perfectionistic, overly sensitive/not good at criticism, indecisive, insecure, manipulative, judgmental/closed minded of values that conflict with their own, people-needy/bad at being alone... 

Definitely the most mentioned is "Too Selfless". I wonder if the simple idea of "Too Selfless" as a flaw just really kind of irritates you in and of itself?

When I started dating my INTP at some point he had this bizarre conversation with me about how all the nice things I did for him made him feel really shitty and like he had to just accept that he could never "be the nice one" with me. He was the first person I ever had a relationship with that felt insecure about my "niceness". 

So perhaps this is your inferior Fe discounting the notion that it is even possible to be "Too Selfless" as just ridiculous and so uppity sounding?

If it helps at all, I want to scream when my boyfriend tells me I'm "not being logical" and it's ridiculous the number of times my inferior Ti has attempted to go up against his dominant Ti, only later to be like... "Yeah... You were right. YOU WERE SO RIGHT!" I am infinitely jealous/humbled while being so attracted to that magnificent dom Ti.I got 32/36.

I noticed I had immediate emotional responses to the faces without cognitively being aware of what the face was feeling and made my decisions based off of that. If I felt internally worried that was a clue to me that they felt sad, if I felt defensive that was a clue that they felt accusing, etc. I think this is also why I got some wrong. I struggle to not mistake concerned/serious for something with more negative connotations in every day life."I spend more time fantasizing about how potential solutions or projects I'm working on might be used than work on the project itself."

This reminds me a ton of my boyfriend who is definitely an INTP. We work together professionally as software developers and he is waaaayyyyyyyy more meticulous and focused on innovation and theory than anyone else who works with us (including myself).I'm an ENFP that got shoved into a project management role 8 months ago. I improvised and failed catastrophically for a month or so and probably took 3 years off my life with the stress of that experience, but then I eventually started finding ways to manage my shit and slowly got better. (Te/Si).

Here is what has worked for me.

- Having a sincere, burning desire to change (Fi). I mean, yeah, I want to be 10 pounds slimmer than I am right now but I also don't feel all that negatively about how I look now so whenever I'm presented with a chance to do something that would further my -10 goal (salad vs. cheeseburger), I just go with the cheeseburger because I'm more or less already satisfied with where I am. Really disliking where you currently are is a great starting point for change. If I told myself "If you keep eating cheeseburgers all the time then there's an actual high probability that you're going to get heart disease or colon cancer and die sooner than you should" vs. "You could lose weight but meh" then I will more likely eat the salad. So you need to identify what the consequences are of you not changing and make sure they are very real to you and that you fully believe that x WILL lead to y.

- This is sort of a strange one but it really helped me to stop mentally devaluing Te/Si. I spent time focusing on the positives and how much they could change my life if I implemented them. I realized that Te/Si is EXACTLY what I need to balance out my Ne/Fi and actually be successful and do the things I want to do in life.

- Most of my internal resistance about doing tasks comes from Fi. It helps me to label it when it happens. My internal thoughts will be like this, "Why have I not done anything on my list yet?" "Because I don't feel like doing it." "Okay Fi. You're being whiney right now but you're always kind of whiney, so I'm just going to let Te take over." There is a thing I can do where I pretend that the Fi person is not me and me is actually The Commander Who Knows Exactly What To Do and then I just start bossing "me" around. I pretend I am a computer and I mentally tell myself the command "Get to work." Sometimes that helps. Every time Fi speaks up "I don't want to!" and you hear it, you have to ignore it like it's some other voice that's not you and is trying to stop you from achieving your mission.

- I pretty much always use Ne to procrastinate. Ne is very identifiable. That is the thing where I go falling down the rabbit hole or get distracted by an endless array of side points. I can trick myself into thinking that Ne is productive because I'm learning. I had to fully mentally embrace that when I am working, Ne is not productive or useful to me at all. I approach this kind of the same way I approach Fi resistance. I realize that I am suddenly researching places to eat in Portland when I should be working and I go "Okay Ne. You're just procrastinating and trying to distract me. That's enough now."

- I am a person that needs a "light at the end of the tunnel". So when I feel absolutely no motivation to work I use tomato timers. That means at the end of 25 minutes I get to take a 5 minute break (yay! something to look forward to!). I often get in the zone and skip my 5 minute breaks. But when I'm at the 17 minute mark and I'm super frustrated with something and usually would let Ne take the wheel and distract me, I see that I have 8 minutes left and I'm like "Okay you can keep trying to figure this out for these 8 minutes and then you'll get a break."

- Whenever I do Te things successfully I really go crazy on the internal praise for myself. This makes my Fi feel good, and over time Fi has become better and better at helping my Te (Little guilt feelings that pop up when I am Ne-ing) instead of whining about it.

- I really fully believe that Te is helping me kick ass and achieve my dreams and making me a better person and I really love that. I am addicted to self-growth. That's my intrinsic motivation to keep going.

- I understand and have experienced that the more frequently you do something that your brain/mind resists, the easier it becomes. So I expect and anticipate that I am going to have a lot of internal resistance when I am doing something outside of my normal routine/comfort zone/habits, and somehow that helps. Also knowing that the more I work through the resistance the less and less it will happen helps.
Thats such a great story! I love how deeper understanding of ourselves can help us enjoy work and life so much more!Good point. Yea I think we both found what we love to do. I left my previous position which was a dream job for me and then found this which turned out to be a dream job that I didn't even know existed!
ENFJ? Really? 
Hmmm, I hate people most of the time!You can deliberately develop yourself to be any type you like.

The MBTI is a scale of preference, you're typed based on introspective questions, not based on hard cognitive fact. 

There's a tendency in this subreddit to treat the test as gospel. 
It isn't.
It's a self report questionnaire.
I typed as INTP in high school. I loved being one for ages, then I got bored of the situations I was surrounded by. 

I picked a different type and became it, I type as ENFJ.
I've gone from absolutely abhorring social interaction, from depending on hard logic to hard emotion, from being distant, to being incredibly warm to people. It's nothing more than a preference, a way of thinking.

In psychology there's an offhand term called a mental script, the sub-conscious routine your brain has programmed into itself, it's why people have panic attacks, and anxiety attacks, and social anxiety, and trust issues, and nymphomania, and every single thing you can think of. Psychologists, therapists, counselors, all work to help you bring that unconscious script to your conscious mind, and then to alter it.

Telling someone that the only way you can be 'untyped' or 'ambiguosly typed' is via brain damage, is, to be polite, unfathomably stupid.

It's a self-report introspective questionnaire. 
The reason it 'knows you' so well is because you told it all the answers.Decide to rely on them.

Instead of making decisions based on logic, let emotions take the sway. Instead of feeling emotions, &amp; not conveying them, exit your comfort zone &amp; express them. So on and so forth.

You can decide how you react to things, that's all the MBTI measures.Is rationalization &amp; perception not a form of a reaction? 

And if rationalizations &amp; perceptions differ per type, being a form of reaction, would they not give a selected view of the world based on type, &amp; therefore can it not be said that the way you perceive &amp; rationalize things would alter your motivations? 

Such as liberal, or conservative? 
Big government or small? 
Can you sway people on those sides to the other, more than you can sway types from one to another? 
Is it not the same? If not, why? 
Perspective is easily movable, reactions are trainable. 

You're trying to argue semantics without knowing the words you're using. Yeah no that's completely fair... Look up neuroplasticity.
Have your mind blown.

Our minds are not analog, they're not digital, they're biological.My point exactly. 

The neural connections it makes can be forced based on conscious decisions, you **can** rewire your brain.I never said you could see it in an average person.

I think you're trying to hard to be satisfied with who and where you are in life.No no no, you're thinking of it all wrong.

You know the way people change? Grow up? Become different over the years? I'm saying that you can deliberate direct that with enough focus and conscious effort. It doesn't have to be random.

You can decide to be any kind of person you want to be, no matter how far removed that kind of persons is from who you are.

I don't walk around doubting myself, I walk around with an intense passion to experience every aspect of life possible. 
Irritable. Overthink. Judgmental. When it comes to work, hypermode on - neglecting basic needs like eating and sleeping.

Knowing all of the above... I try to 'alleviate' them by scheduling my work, talk to someone I trust so that they can also keep me 'in check' and exercise regularly.I guess I'm pretty good at wordplay... I mean puns. People think I'm lame (which is true and they don't always make sense) but yah I don't care. If I can't make others laugh, I'd entertain myself (lol sed lyfe). It's how I alleviate boredom from reading textbooks and long ass judgments.My ISTP friend sure is ironic.One is ISFJ whom I've known for 7 years. We met in high school and yeah technically grew up together as teens. She's very understanding and supportive of what I do. Best part of our friendship is that we can be silly and open with each other without feeling judged lol. And talk for hours and hours (um actually I do most of the talking lmao). I miss her, we're currently in different continents due to studies. In spite of the distance, we still get each other... I'd say it's pretty awesome.

Another is INTJ. She was this new kid that I approached in church. I don't remember giving her my number but she started asking questions about Christianity and I started explaining to her. That's how we started talking... from religion to everything under the sun. I was her mentor for a period of time. I've only known her for a year but we've gotten very close since then. We both like to analyse and discuss about things. I think we complement each other, in a sense that she helps me to be more efficient and logical, whilst I encourage her to be more expressive and understanding of other's emotions. We've had a few arguments due to our differences but we both got out of it, understanding and respecting each other's differences better.

Also met another INTJ during my summer internship and we've been keeping in contact since. She's way more introverted than I am (so she thinks I'm an extrovert). I think she has a more developed Fi compared to the one above, so the dynamic is pretty different. She's more in touch with her own feelings and doesn't mind sharing it. She's hella funny too. We've only known each other for 5 months but we're already talking about deep stuff so... hahaha. The power of Ni :P 

The bunch of friends I hang out with on a daily basis, are mostly Sensors (in which ISFJs make up the majority). There are ENFPs (that I 'picked up' along the way) but nothing much? Maybe the ones I know are slightly more reserved or shy (or bc I'm scary).hahahahahaha oopsWhy not? 

Personal experience: My ENFP friend takes up several part time jobs to support himself while he does his full time study. Both my INTP, ISTP friends are genius pants who work hard for their grades. I have other examples... but I shall stop here, heh.I hang around Sensors most of the time and I definitely appreciate you guys a lot :) I agree with what you said about Se-users. I was just thinking about how much fun I have with two of my ESFP friends each time we meet up. Their spontaneity/living-in-the-present-mode isn't just confined to partying or doing stupid shit (at times they do and I always get pulled along haha) but it extends to their work as well, where they are so capable of addressing sudden issues/problems. Besides we do talk about deep stuff, defo not in the N sense but y'know, they bring me to the ground and help me see the world in a concrete manner. At least that's what I've observed from the both of them and I really admire them for that :)

Thanks for the post btw!the cat tho lmaoHmm. It's difficult to class the type of people I surround myself with because they're kinda mixed heh. They're the people I meet in college, student group or church. But I think I usually end up establishing friendship with the ones who finds it comfortable talking about deeper stuff lol. Also those who share the same interests (politics, human rights, law) as me. 

Best friends: ISFJ, 2 INTJs

People I hang out with: ISFJs (omg a lot), ENFPs, ISTP, ISTJs, ESFPs, INTPs. Damn a lot of sensors tbh -- where are dem NFs? T_TWhat you're going through is just a part of life, I don't think it should be attributed to your type lol.

Anyway, just curious: Since you've been friends with them for years, did you, in any way, try to sort out the mess? 
I dunno, personally I try to 'mend' it because I *think* it is worth it but if it doesn't work then I'll leave. I left, the last time I tried, because they don't value me the same way I valued them.I worked at a human rights organisation over the summer. However, I'm still sticking around for projects... so yeah I'm still there I guess. I like it a lot, feels great to actually do something about what I feel strongly for - justice. Oh yeah, I'm full time law student. Love what I study, detest the stress, dunno if I wanna practice for life but I think I'm giving it a try after I'm done studying.You should define who you are. I think personality are just a compilation of words (limited in every way) to describe a person. It cannot tell you who that person really is but merely tells you what and how the person is like. It's descriptive. You come first before words could be attached to you, no?

So what kind of person do you want to be? I think you're right to say that perfect balance isn't possible. But I don't think it's always an either/or kinda thing. I know people who are both disciplined and sensitive, I also know the kind of people you've just described. I think we should take into consideration other factors. I mean we can pick and choose who we want to be, but life is constantly changing and we get molded by it whether we like it or not. Some people are hardened not because they wanna be hardened but because they've been hurt and it's easier to get through life that way. *Am I making sense?!* So a lot of factors, really. We can talk about this until the cows come home and not come up with an answer. 

Anyway, in the end of the day it's up to you to call the shots. Take it easy okay. You don't have to make a choice right away. Take your time to discover who you really want to be and what you value in your life. Don't be afraid to make mistakes lol.1. I don't have to be friends with everybody.
2. Breathe. It's okay to slack and have some time for myself. Pls say no when I can't do it.
3. Be here. Be present.

Merry Christmas to you too :)
Yes! 

This is my top answer anytime someone asks a similar question in /r/ENFJ. We take care of people all the time and are therefore attracted to extremely self-sufficient people who can take care of us instead.

OP, you're an ENTJ? I'm an ENFJ/f with my ENTJ/m, we've been together 4 years. You can ask anything :)ENFJ girls can be pretty domineering. 

Personally, I find myself drawn to characters that are even more domineering than I am...characters who have sort of a "hold" over me. Men who are aggressive to just the right degree, self-aware, confident, and endlessly logical. I have somehow ended up dating an ENTJ, an INTJ, and my current long term ENTJ boyfriend. The attraction is instant and magnetic!

To me, such qualities work with me because:

* **They will know how to take charge.** I can get so tired of taking care of everyone all the time. When I'm with my SO, I just want to be babied. Additionally, I am only my most vulnerable when I'm with him, so I really appreciate it when he steps up and be my leader when I'm burnt out.

* **They have ambition.** Push me to be better how I try to push my loved ones to be better.

* **They challenge me and put me in my place.** I am an intense person and I feel everything deeply. It is wonderful to have someone kick my ass when I'm being emotional and irrational. However, it would be better if I am babied before being told the cold hard truth, LOL I am soft.

* **The relationship becomes very dynamic.** The result of dating another intense character (functional disparities aside) like myself is that the relationship entails explosive bliss, in the beginning fights, and SEX. It hurts sometimes but it is so worth it to me.Thank you _bubblegum_! &lt;3 YES! Even if being put in my place can hurt like a mofo 😂

Ps. Thank you again my love, I really appreciate it! However, I can't simply tolerate anyone talking about my loved ones like they know them; neither do I want to engage with that behaviour, so I'd rather avoid it altogether.&gt; Suggests Fe:
I like to please people 
I don't like when someone is mad at me
I have to be liked 

My ENFP friends identify with these too though. I vote ENFP :) Strong Ne you have there.WOW! I'm so intrigued; what's your family dynamic like?(Absent) Father: INFJ/P (former is more likely)
Mother: ISFJ
Older Sister: ENTJ
Me: ENFJ
Boyfriend: ENTJ

Sister and I seem to be too vocal/ pushy for our parents, especially my mother. Sister and mother are prone to having huge misunderstandings that I'll have to mediate.Very interesting! Sounds like a wonderfully fun family :)I really agree. I wish people saw beyond just the cognitive functions prescribed by the MBTI and recognise that nothing is so perfectly perfect, absolute, or simple. We are the sum of all of our experiences and we ought to appreciate what makes us different and special ;)Hate is such a strong word/ emotion. I mostly feel annoyed, then angry, then something snaps and it turns into pity.

I can hate ISIS for doing cruel shit but it's not a sustainable emotion - too draining. I pity them for being nut heads, being forever remembered as the religious idiots who tried but failed to destroy the earth. I pity them for living an unconventional life where compassion and love will never see the light of day.

I have a deadbeat dad who was terrible to my sister and mother; there's an annoying imbecile going about my faculty screwing up relationships just for fun...but I don't hate them. I pity them for their insecurities, for projecting it onto people whose light and happiness intimidate them.Congratulations OP!! I have also dated another ENFJ. It was and still is a never-ending loop of love, fun, support, and appropriate kicks to each other's asses when necessary.Do you think he was really more invested, or was it just that he demonstrated his love more often? Also, in what ways was he controlling?It's not really about insecurities. I think it's more about high expectations, in general. FJs have high Fe; couple that with the tendency to idealise our partners, we may sometimes expect them to "rise to the occasion". 

Quick example - when my SO first met my parents, I planned different scenarios out in my head to make sure that *everything would go smoothly*. I told him about my parents' quirks and to not broach Taboo Issues 1, 2, and 3. I expected my partner to be competent in giving my parents the ease of mind - something I expected of myself when I met his parents too.

I was anxious that he may unintentionally say the wrong thing to my parents (as anyone who has first introduced their SOs would be), but definitely not insecure about my relationship with him or anything.

Anyway, that's just a brief example of being "controlling".Interesting and pretty accurate, thank you! I actually find my ISFJ friends and INFJ friends so incredibly different that I wouldn't even say they are similar at all.Haha, please share! I'm sure it'll be very welcomed :) Are these from your own observations of the people around you?

Also - hello fellow MUA 😁Everyone is different so it's hard to say, but as long as you communicate well everything will be fine. 

You know how sometimes we hide in our shell when things aren't going well? Being too afraid to express our sadness because it may be burdensome for our partners? When you have two ENFJs both in their shells, it's a missed opportunity to connect, and built trust and rapport. Instead, both parties might perpetuate whatever bad conclusions that they have each internalised.

Whatever you're feeling, open up, communicate! It will be the best, most validating, sharing session you'll ever live to experience :) It's why I really enjoy being with and meeting other ENFJs.Pretty inaccurate. My biggest stressor would be any kind of social conflict, though to be honest, it comes all the time because I attract people who want to confide in or depend on me. The older I grow, the better I get at managing problems I can tackle and problems I don't want to.

&gt; This personality type loves to always have a challenge. In fact they are stressed until they find the next one!

No way. I live by a set routine and rules, I don't like surprise challenges! That would be a nightmare for someone with anxiety, like me. I like rigorous work but I prefer to have the time to plan to execute it properly.

&gt; ENFJs highly value relationships. Any sense of disloyalty, whether it is personal or professional, is stressful until it is resolved.

Anyone would be stressed by this. Just conflict in general is very stressful, whether it is happening to me or to someone who is confiding in me.

&gt; ENFJs have a tendency to be moody and frequently feel they are not being acknowledged for the things they do thus creating an uneasy feeling.

I feel quite appreciated most of the time... This is more about the people around me than me.My cousin and my best friend's sister are both 19 year old ISFPs, and exhibit the same pattern of behaviour that you have described. Both girls are genuinely sweet, non-judgmental, and very kind-hearted people, but my oh my, their lackadaisical attitude towards anything in life can be so frustrating for our families. That said - I'm sure not all ISFPs are like that. I have 2 ISFP male friends who are incredibly grounded and dedicated to their work.

You seem to already know what you want, which is to get out of the relationship. Now you only have to execute it - it will not be easy for either party, so it's pointless looking for a foolproof way to do it. INTJs are notoriously patient and will sacrifice your own needs to avoid hurting other people. 

Realise that parting ways cleanly will be good for both you and her (assuming you want it to happen). Realise that there is someone out there who would love her attitude towards life. Realise that there is someone out there whose worldview will be completely aligned with yours.

I'm sorry if you're looking for "How to break up with an ISFP", I can't offer anything in this department. I find them to be pretty emotionally private people, yet their feelings are sometimes quite transparent - they are often reflected in their actions. Generally, I would say you should mentally prepare yourself and her for the break up. It's not going to be easy, good luck mate :)It honestly sounds like your ESFJ friend is just busy.

I am an ENFJ, not ESFJ, but have several ESFJ friends whom I find relatable :) Personally, I try to reply people ASAP if the matter at hand can be resolved immediately - what's for dinner tonight, what time can we meet tomorrow, etc. However, if it's an ongoing conversation that is not urgent, I usually reply whenever I am free to, and my friends will reply whenever they are free to.

However, I do have another theory. I've had friends who got too dependent on me. When my own life gets busy, I sometimes *really* put a hold on replying them because 
a) I feel overwhelmed and want time to myself and 
b) I am realising that they are too dependent and want to pull back from them a bit. 

Do you think this might be the case?Was it something urgent? If not, can I be honest for a bit? If my platonic friend expected me to reply every text on time, especially if they are not urgent, I would back off a bit. 

There's no reason why he is obliged to reply you instantaneously, unless you have something planned, or if you and him are so specially connected that there is a common understanding to keep each other updated as much as possible. He has a life and other people too, and so do you. 

It seems to me that you are pretty hurt by his lack of attention. You're right; extroverts are so social and outgoing sometimes that we don't necessarily fixate on a single friend at any given time. I hope it makes you feel better to know that he probably doesn't mean it, just busy. If you're unconvinced, maybe you can ask him? :) I find ESFJs to be very sweet people who will try their best to never hurt their close ones, I don't think you have anything to lose by clarifying your doubts with him.Huh, I'm confused. I remember you as INFP, but you just posted in /r/ENFJ asking if you're the only ENFJ who dislikes INFJs. So are you an INFP or ENFJ? 

You seem to suggest that Fi-doms exhibit this behaviour, and that finding your "core values" has helped you overcome it. Could you elaborate?

Edit: Looking at your post history, you claimed to be INFP, INFJ, and ENFJ within a month. What??The only person I've seen exhibit such an attitude was a very unhealthy INFP. She has BPD too. Otherwise, I actually think neither INFJs nor INFPs would say such a thing. Y'all are too self-assured and "meh" about deliberately standing out from others to have to prove it to anyone. But that's just my experience :)Why are you getting so offended? Is everyone expected to know that? No need for ad hominem.You described my annoyance towards this pretentious attitude to a T! I couldn't have worded it more perfectly.Not weird at all, so do I! OP has posted on /r/ENFJ before and posts to /r/MBTI pretty often.Not harsh at all! :) You were expressing a very valid viewpoint with honesty. One which I can really relate to based on personal experience. Funnily, when considered together, these are the girls who actually become the "other girls" in "I'm not like other girls!" Personally, unfriending and blocking him seems a bit extreme... Why did you feel the need to do that?

In psychology, it's called "push pull behaviour" - you think he hates you so you push him away in hopes that such an action would pull him back. It will push him away even further. And you're right, if you bugged him further, he will be pushed away further too. I thought the best way to manage it would be to *give him space and let him sort his life out.*

Yes, I agree that it seems like you got too attached. Friendships aren't all or nothing - you cant just ditch someone just because they are not as attached as you are. Wouldn't it be better to learn to establish boundaries so you don't get too attached? This way, the friendship can be a fulfilling one where you each have personal space :)

I don't think it's an introvert thing though, some of the most independent and happily-alone people I've met are introverts. And I'll have to disagree - whether or not someone cares has nothing to do with extraversion. I care a lot about all my friends but I will not cross their boundaries or allow them to cross mine. You can too, it's not the end. I wish you well :)Just as feelers can be logical, rationals can be very emotive and expressive too!

I have always dated NTJs, and not on purpose. The ENTJs in particular were/are good with showing physical and verbal affection. I love yous, complimenting me when I dress up, *showing* me how much he likes me - hugs, kisses, touching all the time :) My INTJ ex too, but minus the consistent verbal affection. However, when he actually says something like "I really appreciate everything you have done for me", I know exactly how much he means it.I love this. My ex and current boyfriends are ENTJs and they are some of the bravest, most generous, and most *honest* lovers I know. 

ENTJs wear their hearts on their fucking sleeves when they are in love and they fight to death for their loved ones. It annoys and frustrates me when people make baseless generalisations about any type being heartless/stupid.INTJ?I'm right there with you.

Adding on to that, it makes me uncomfortable when people correlate every single thought process or behaviour with functions. "You're way more sociable because Fe" "INFPs are too Fi to recognise reality" "unemotional INTJs? Must be the low Fi". No, we are more than just our types and functions. We are complex human beings with different motivations and dilemmas and idiosyncrasies!22F ENFJ, I enjoy being around and knowing new people, but I too love a quiet night in with my family and close friends. I dread going to a large party, but when I'm there I actually have so much fun. For some reason, most of the ENFJs I know are like me too! You're not alone :)

Edit: I was never fond of the partying lifestyle even from the beginning. My instinct says it's more about preference than age or extraversion and introversion.I do love my INFJ friends! However, I think unhealthy INFJs can be very abrasive, seeming like they have a chip on their shoulder. 

At first blush, they seem cold, a little bit awkward, very private. Overall, I find them to be very disciplined, warmly empathetic, intensely emotional, private, generally passive, carefully decisive and therefore pretty stubborn. 

**Edit:** as to what I mean by "abrasive"... I've noticed that my INFJ friends have what seems like an inner porcupine. When they are hurt or offended, their inner porcupine comes out. They get defensive, angry, temperamental, prickling anyone who gets near; I find that deep inside they really are just sad and hurt, and need some time and TLC. When an unhealthy INFJ takes everything personally, they are like an abrasive porcupine all the time.Hey it's nothing to be ashamed of, I have one too :) What matters is we own up to and make amends for what we did or said when we were being defensive, isn't it?

I think it is wonderful how capable human beings are at learning patterns, reading between the lines, and realising that there is more than meets the eye when someone's inner porcupine comes out!Neither can you impose your so called FI VALUES on your brother, who was trying to be a morally and logically consistent person. This isn't about disloyalty. You **perceive** it to be disloyalty.Exactly. You think it is disloyalty and your brother doesn't think it is. This has nothing to do with type.You want honesty? I won't sugar coat.

What's going on is you're being unreasonable. What do you want? For your brother to *ignore his own morality and rationality* just so he can *prove his supposed loyalty to you*? No normal healthy human being with thoughts and feelings and opinions will do that.

What you should do from now? Stop forcing him to agree with you to prove that he is loyal. That is manipulative as hell. Agree to disagree with him. Or perhaps, be a good older brother and try to understand his point of view.

If my words are hard to swallow, then I would think you're so insistent on your own views that it's impossible to talk sense into you.Spot on! Fi-doms really get a bad rep that is truly undeserved.The answer is no.

Firstly, relationships are not all or nothing. You expect him to **bow down absolutely or else**. If he even dares disagree with you, you are going to abandon him. That is toxic and unhealthy.

Secondly, feelers does not equal to blind lovers. Wherever you got that theory from is where you need to put it right back and forget about it.

Thirdly, believe it or not, you are the instigator of conflict.

Fourth, I don't think anything I say will change your thinking so... Take it or leave it. If you're here to find people who will agree with you, honestly, you're not gonna find it.You make 0 sense, to be honest. But you'll at least agree with me on this, since you confessed to throwing logic out the window to prioritise your feelings. Wish you luck mate.Yes to rational clever guys! I'm a sucker for xNTJs and ISxJs.Yo ENFJs love you too :)ENFJ - family/ criminal lawyer. Lucky enough to be living my dream :)I think ISFJs don't get enough love on here. You make some of the most patient and giving teachers.Before I answer your questions, I have two points to make. 

Firstly, thank you for recognising that this does not apply to all ENxJs across the board. We are all different people, some healthy some not. We have different value systems too.

Secondly, I hope you realise that ENxJs use our time very carefully. We can have little tolerance for what we perceive to be incompetency, and therefore will not waste our breath on people we don't care about. I will try to phrase this nicely - **what is it about you that your ENxJs complain about? Have you considered the possibility that it is truly something about *you* that irks them too?**

I will explain to you how we think. I am an ENFJ and my boyfriend is an ENTJ.

&gt; But as you get to know them better, they turn out to be very controlling - some even manipulative, intellectually dishonest, and so assured of themselves that they fail to respect other views. 

I can see how I would be perceived this way. Honest to god, **I will not interfere with the lives of people unless 1) they wanted my help 2) I care about them enough to want them to improve.**

If you are a close friend whose life is in absolute shambles but you keep doing all the wrong things despite your friends' advice, I will give a last shot at righting what I perceive to be wrong. I can be very domineering and impatient. If you show resistance, we won't be friends anymore because I can't stand toxic people who won't help themselves.

&gt; Additionally, they tended to assert themselves as the "leaders" or "mothers", even though they're not actually any more talented or responsible than anyone else (Also, kind of demeaning to treat a bunch of adults like children)

Not a fair statement. I understand that ENxJs can be very dominant (tert-Se), but this has not been my experience with other ENFJs and ENTJs. 

I enjoy being with them because they "have it together" and **are not worrisome people**, so to speak. I respect them and more often than not find that I have a lot to learn from them (as with other types). But this might just be because I am also an ExxJ.

Fundamentally, the less I think you need direction, the less I'm going to mother you.

&gt; Are these traits commonly found in ENxJs or have I just run in to the wrong types of people? 

It's either the latter, or you may really just rub ENxJs the wrong way. ENxJs won't sugarcoat if we know you well enough.

&gt; If they are common traits, why do you think your values or ideas are objectively right? 

I think they are common traits.

I would say, ENxJs are good at postulating the long term consequences of their every action. It irks me to death when someone is reckless and doesn't think of the consequences, and I'm gonna articulate it if I care enough about you.

&gt; And finally, what would make you delegate control, or at least respect your peers as equals?

I respect people who have a good and strong sense of self. I respect people who are strong, yet gentle, driven, empathetic. I respect people who respect me. 

My peers are equals to me because I don't surround myself with people who willingly and constantly fuck up. Harsh, I know, but that's just the way it is.I think you hit the nail on the head when it comes to empathy being a distinguishing feature. I would also speculate that this would apply to xxTJs.

My ENTJ sister had an identical upbringing as your mother. She is so successful and gets things done, but let's just say she's not very well liked by people who don't really know her.

The other ENTJs around me who grew up in a very balanced and affectionate environment are some of the most "Fe" ENTJs I've met. They take their social commitments so very seriously, and in a good way.All immature/ unhealthy types are annoying to deal with!Can confirm, both comments are spot on.

Funnily, what rejuvenates me the most if I am able to provide for the needs of the people around me.

The cycle goes like this:

Feels happy providing for the needs of others &gt;&gt; Neglects own needs &gt;&gt; Not reminded of own needs &gt;&gt; Explodes &gt;&gt; Needs time alone &gt;&gt; **Recharges by providing for the needs of others**Morally based? **Everyone** in this world will try to achieve adherence towards their own sense of morality. If you criticised someone's sense of morality and they simply accept your argument, that person either has no backbone or hasn't thought about their brand of morality yet. 

Fi users have a more **individualistic** (than conventional) sense of morality, healthy Fi can recognise that every individual can have their own ideas of morality. 

FJs convey their moral viewpoints with more **finality** and conviction. They may consider alternative viewpoints, but not unless these viewpoints are equally convincing/ compelling as their own.:/ First, I didn't downvote you, and second, I was trying to explain how FJs and Fi may seem similar but it coming from a different "source". Wasn't that your question?

As an FJ, I can easily suss out another FJ because how we navigate the world feels...similar. I can also suss out a Fi user because they don't exactly feel similar. Those are the "vibes" you were talking about, and I was trying to explain why it might be different based on my own understanding.

Edit: I think you might be downvoted for characterising Fi as morally based/ strong willed. That can be true but I think Fi is more than that...they really tend to get a bad rep, which is kinda undeserved.^okbutdon'tshoutthoitsscaryI understand :)

Since FJs are Fe, I am guessing you're saying that Fe and Fi types can come off as similar but you don't know why. Who knows, maybe the answer is as simple as us being feeler types and therefore navigating our world with morality.http://m.imgur.com/zzpxFC5

Hallo!

http://imgur.com/wpoi1P5

Asian twist ✌🏻️ENFJ :)Ding ding, you're right!Thanks peppermint ❤️When I open my mouth, you'll change your mind!ENFJ :)You are beautiful. You look warm and approachable, just as I expected ❤️I'm sx/so.

You forgot a few things:

1) Out of tons of photos I picked from my photo library, I picked the warmest and most inviting ones.

http://imgur.com/ZofJL0b

http://imgur.com/zt4xBw6

2) Ethnicity. Are my eyes piercing? In camera, hell naw. I'm Asian bruh, our eyes seem all the same colour in photos. In person, I'm used to being told that I "look through" people and I understand that, I think eye contact with me feels very intrusive. Additionally, my features are more rounded.

http://imgur.com/CXxl3tK (Me vs ESFJ friend) 

3) Something I learnt over the few weeks: typing over the internet doesn't make sense. From all the comments I've read of yours, you're the most un-INFJ INFJ I've ever met. Not just because you're trolling as an ESTP. But I believe that if I met you in person, I'll definitely conclude differently.

If you see me in person, I won't be as enthusiastic and over the top excitable as I used to be. The older I grow, the more I've taken the step back to observe a person before extending myself. My humour is not light hearted and fun - it is more...teasing right at the border of what is acceptable. You'll sense that I have a hardiness and reservedness about me that SFJs don't usually have.&gt;  I'm merely feeding my own curiosity about correlations between pics and mbti/enneagram type/instincts.

I have my own theory about correlations between personality types and their physicality :P

&gt; Depends on what you expect from an INFJ. If you expect general warmth and friendliness then nah, I don't express warmth or friendliness very often.

No way! INFJ males are some of the most careful/ reserved people I've met. Those who are not comfortable in their own skin tend to be easily misunderstood by other males.ENFJ

Kanye West, Son Lux, Bon Iver, Death Cab For Cutie, The Paper Kites, Fink, The Staves, Ella FitzgeraldVatimus, I could've written this EXACT passage about my INFJ girl friend. I think it has a lot to do with a lack of self-love, actually. She doesn't think she "deserves better", so to speak.I ain't even mad because you speak truth 😂

Edit: can someone explain this in the context of how Se works please?I always think of us ENFJs as the most extraverted extroverts but **only in the moment**.

If not for my anxiety (GAD), I would be going out WAY more. I love people, I love socialising, I want to connect with more and more!

Right now though, I only "turn it on" when I need to, at large social gatherings for example...but I much rather just exert all my energy on a small close group of friends, and that's what I do constantly. 

And then, even if that is so, I need a day or two per week just for myself, since I tend to neglect my own needs.I see you've responded to my comment in another thread. While I understand the premise of your argument, you forgot two things:

1) **Preferences are not absolute.**

By your argument, you are saying that Extroverts are not supposed to feel tired out by social interaction. Extroverts are not supposed to want so much time to themselves.

But we WILL feel tired, we WILL want time alone to ponder. We are human, not mindless machines who can socialise all day and everyday. We will feel fatigue. We will want to rest. Besides, some of us are more Extraverted than others.

Following that, is the determinative factor *how much time* one spends socialising, or *whether you enjoy socialising*, or *how many people you prefer socialising with*?

What about Introverts who like socialising, or can spend a long time doing so? Are they just Extroverts pretending to be introverted?

2) **Functions are not everything.**

What about depression, anxiety, agoraphobia? What about being selective of the people to hang around with?

What if I, despite being anxious, can appear to be and enjoy being the life of the party 4 times a week? What if my exhaustion is simply a physical one and not an emotional or psychological one - even so, does it matter?

What if, despite preferring just my small close group of friends, I am always wanting to connect with them, taking care of them, wanting to meet them and have fun?

-----------------------------------------

I know a few INTJs - lawyers - who have to "switch it on" to entertain their clients, and they do it so darn well. But the ease at which they do so cannot hold a candle to a "Super Extraverted Extrovert". 

Even when the INTJs are in this mode, they aren't the ones saying "Let's go for another round at the next bar down! Let's take the stage when the comedian is done!" They aren't the ones baring their heart and soul to the client, or volunteering personal information about themselves.

To me, whether it is a sociable introvert or an introverted extrovert, the distinction is kind of clear if you dig a little deeper, or simply ask. We are all complex human beings and no one is absolutely this or another, but ultimately, nobody else knows better than we do about our preferences.

**Edit**: It is precisely because I can't switch off my Fe that I would feel exhausted after awhile. Additionally, the Je/Pe functions do not directly correlate with whether someone is sociable or not, as put eloquently by 2 other users.Agreed. 

I could say the same about Fe. I can subconsciously excel at navigating people's emotional responses and make decisions based on them, or be helpful and supportive to other people emotionally, **but it does not mean that I have to want to do so to as many people as possible** - in fact, because this is the one thing I can control, I will want to limit who I interact with to make sure I'm spending my time and efforts wisely. 

**Precisely because Fe is exercised unconsciously, Fe-doms can neglect ourselves and feel exhausted and out of balance after a reasonable period of time.**

I speculate that a similar argument can even apply to Ne and Se.What makes one an introvert if one really enjoys large family gatherings on Christmas Day? 

It's not so black and white.I get what you mean, but ultimately, **social introversion and extraversion mean different things from what introversion and extraversion mean according to Jung.**

Trying to correlate the two brings confusion. 

**Imagine this:**

How does one define "sometimes prefer it" and "typically do prefer"? It is so circumstantial. **How can it be determinative of whether someone is a social introvert or extrovert?**

Big reunion social gathering or spending time alone? I choose the former. Small social gathering or spending quiet time with boyfriend in the same space? I choose the latter. Boyfriend's family gathering or spending time alone? I choose the latter.

None of that above can clearly indicate to you whether I'm a social introvert or extrovert, because **there are so many variants**.

Going one step further - needless to say, the above doesn't tell you whether I'm Fe-Ni, or Ni-Fe. The definitions of introversion and extraversion are simply different in MBTI and common usage.&gt; These are Jung’s attitudes of Extraversion and Introversion:

&gt; Extraversion – Our energy moves toward the outer world of people, places and things; the world outside of us
&gt; Introversion – Our energy moves toward the inner world of thoughts and ideas; the world inside of us

This is what introversion and extraversion mean in the context of cognitive functions. He refers to them as energies sometimes, saying that our mental processes ebb and flow throughout our daily lives. It's different from his characterisation of what a stereotypical introvert and extrovert is like, which was the definition you gave.

**Edit:** You are right that he considered attitude-type very prominently. 

So I am undeniably a Fe-dom, but I tend to be selective about what social events I attend, despite thoroughly enjoying myself each time. I also love spending time alone. Does that mean I should question whether my use of Fe is actually in the dominant position? No, Fe does not dictate my level of desiring socialising. It simply says that I am always assessing the emotions of people around me and checking whether they are okay. Does that mean I must question whether I'm actually an extrovert? No. Attitude-types exist on a spectrum too. These are questions only a person himself can answer.Read the original comment again - nowhere did it say that ENFJs "prefer" pondering in solitude over large social gatherings.

So if I enjoy it, I'm an extrovert. If I PREFER it for whatever reason - big transition happening in life, death of a family member, just ended a 6 day camp - does that make me not an extrovert anymore? Again, it is so circumstantial. 

Enjoying pondering life doesn't mean my attitude-type shifts immediately to introversion, because no one is absolutely one or another.Hahaha I'm not evading your question - I just thought about it, and decided hey I actually agree that someone who prefers pondering life in solitude over everything else would be an introvert.

I had initially thought that your argument was that extroverts simply would not sit and ponder life and therefore any extroverts who do should reevaluate their attitude type, which didn't make sense to me.HAHA, more like a sudden realisation of "WAIT though is his question even directly related to that ENFJ description??" Now I feel slightly dumb, and very sleepy. Nice talking to ya.Uh what?? Rushed empathy??

Just because I'm an extrovert/ have an extraverted dominant function doesn't mean I won't or can't understand someone in-depth, or am not eloquent.

Edit: oh, you're the infamous NFJ hater 🙄 It's a troll, move alongI think any types can have fulfilling relationships :)

Source: Fe-dom dating a Te-dom for yearsWhat do you mean Se users vs Intuitives? ENTJ INTJ ENFJ INFJs all have Se. You were downvoted because the connection between functions and your theories about them are strenuous - even incredulous.

I'm an Intuitive as well as have Se in my stack. But I absolutely suck at math. So Aristotle, being an ENTJ, has Se and is a great philosopher. Your theory therefore does not make any sense. What do?NF. Law student. Tons of my intuitive friends suck at math and tons of my sensor friends are in engineering...I get what you're saying but it REALLY isn't simply about functions.Fucking pissed me off. I have no tolerance for entitled animals like her who think they are above people like him who do what he does for a living. Bitch needs to STFU and GTFO.

Her video has 11k thumbs down and a mere 1k thumbs up, probably from fellow narcissists like herself.Pretty accurate! 

Like OP, I share high Fe and Ni, which may be another reason why I can relate to his/her writing and observations. I also have a hard time "reading" high Ti users.SmotheringVery accurate. Every single thing about me is something that can still be improved, I am self-deprecating as one can be. I just try really hard not to dwell on the negativity.You can't ever stop her worrying, but you can be the one to let her know that she's been living her life right. Our SOs opinion of us is the most important opinion there is!

If her love language is words of affirmation, which is what most ENFJs have as our love language, shower her with it while she does her thing. 

Tell her you are impressed at how much she can care about people around her, that if not for her your world would be a less loving place, that she is beautiful and you think that every time you see her again. Good thing about words of affirmations is that you don't have to spend a single cent doing it!It doesn't matter if you're not eloquent, but I'm sure you know that already. It's the fact that you try that is so wonderful :)Tons of reading and writing. Before law school, our education system split us into "humanities students" and "science students" in our pre-university junior colleges. 

Law is such a different creature of study that I actually think neither humanities students nor science students can be said to have an "advantage" in excelling in it.You need to love the law and everything that comes with it - logic and reasoning is a good place to start. 

You have to be ready for the tendency for there to be subpoints, subsubpoints, subsubsubpoints, rules that may not make sense, exceptions that do, the morality and human aspect behind these rules and exceptions, the reading, the writing, the being criticised harshly for your work, the way you speak, your opinions.

I have friends who came to law school because their parents wanted them to, or because they did well enough to do so. Law school is doubly hard for them. It is a very intense course and it is easy to become jaded...however, when you always have something to ground you, you'll regain your motivation easily :)

Edit: oh, you asked for a description of the degree. Intense, dynamic, content-heavy, powerful.Seconding /u/peppermint-kiss! I find it exciting to see another ENFJ anywhere, really 😂I've noticed your ever changing flair every step of the way. Don't get me wrong, it is somewhat fascinating! I'm curious though - where do you think this confusion comes from, for you?Me too, I've never had any doubt about my type. Same with my ENFP girl friends, and ENTJ boyfriend. I have never considered them to be other types too.

Why do you think some people have been typed right from the very beginning? Maybe this is a dumb question - I personally met more correctly typed people than mistypes though.:) :)

I love how everyone thinks on a singular wavelength, disagreements are substantiated and tactfully brought across, and I love how anyone is welcomed to ask an ENFJ anything on there!

Super con: A little dead........I understand now! So the unstable sense of self criteria is what messes with your typing journey. Have you ever considered the possibility that you might never truly identify with one of the 16 types?

Also, it is interesting to me that most pwBPD are typed as INFP! I read it on a thread awhile back but can't locate it now - I also mentioned it on a recent thread on this sub, about the correlation between MBTI and BPD.

Edit: found it!!

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4l6kpz/anyone_here_know_anything_more_about_borderline/This is not really about MBTI to be honest... You know, I've seen both your behaviour and her behaviour in both INFPs and ENFPs in general. Too giving, accommodating, creative, sensitive, flakey. You should talk to her about it....no. Does not work this way.

I have an ENFP friend who does the same thing - sees an event, decides to go, before she picks her company. She actually *picks her company*. There is no default one person she would go with, it's not a careless decision like "oh anyone will do" just because she's an extrovert.Cool, I'm an ENFJ who got ENTJ, my ENTJ SO got ENFJ!I'm sorry :( You will heal and find someone new :) Come to /r/ENFJ, we will shower you with love.xNTJ. Over and over again.

(Thanks for the Fe luv we luv u too for real)Yes, ENFJ. Domineering by day, submissive by night...always bashful when talking about it lololHello! I think you simply need to trust that they love you but need their time alone :)

I don't think it's characteristic of Fi, I think everyone just needs some time to themselves every now and again. 

ENFJs have a tendency to want to be able to be there for our loved ones every step of the way in their lives. Now that I'm older, I find that exhausting! My friends and I disappear on each other every few days, and when we speak again it is like no break even happened.

Source: ENFJ who is best friends with ENFP, ENFP, INFJ girls.See /u/adventuresininfpland 's great comment above, on the Fi Te (INFP) and Ti Fe (INTP) divide on this issue. As a Fe Ti type, I tend to agree with the INTPs here. 

It doesn't matter what OP intended (Fi assessment) as long as it wasn't what the girl wanted to participate in (Fe evaluation).LMAO hilarious 😂 I had to Google half of them. 

I used to be a visual arts student and the colours he/she used sounds more like something from some periodic table that I don't know of, than a Faber Castle palette.High-Fi types because they can be highly individualistic, but not all of them.

Don't get me wrong, I especially love my ENFPs and INFPs, ISFPs too - they all have an endearing quirkiness to them. 

However, I've also met a couple who were too quirky and too removed from real life. It is as if they are living in another dimension! But what do I know, maybe other high-Fi types may not find it too quirky at all.&gt; what's ironic about this is that I tend to believe Fi doms actually value individual relationships way more than Fe users.

Your false assertions are seriously astounding.So how would you evaluate an ENFP? Fi user, but very extraverted and enjoys getting to know all sorts of people. ENTJ? Fi user but extremely independent.

Independent + sociable =/= does not value relationships. 

&gt; They are not false. That is actually how it is. It is what I know to be true.

I don't know how you can say these things with such finality, like your black and white thinking is the end all and be all and other different views are just wrong.

*Everyone* values their individual relationships.I have examples for both cute quirky and scarily odd quirky. Not the best examples out there but they stood out against my other memories.

1) ENFP girl friend is anaemic. 

I told her to take her iron pills regularly. She said: "Lawdudette, I am lazy I don't want to take my iron pills. But you know what I also can't go back to the doctors anymore because he will judge me for not taking my iron pills."

Next day, she was telling me that she hates how her hair is frizzy because of her lack of iron. "Omg Lawdudette I think I can tell who is anaemic from the state of their hair."

Fi-Te can sometimes lead to really funny and absurd conclusions. In this scenario I found it really endearing and quirky but at the same time I was frustrated that I couldn't get her to take care of herself.

2) INFP friend lost his father years ago. His relationship with his favourite older brother suffered tremendously. He told me "Lawdudette, my brother did not cry at the funeral. Now he thinks he is the man of the house. I told him I wanted the coffin in our house but he declined. I think he's been waiting for my father to die all along."

This I was shocked by. When he described what happened, all I saw was a brother who had to man up to take charge for a weeping family. My friend was simply far too removed from reality and his unhealthy belief was tearing his family apart. I couldn't convince him to talk to his brother, which is a really sad thing for me.You're right. It really is heartbreaking huh. All I could do was be there for him and support him while asking him to try to learn to remember the good things about his family members. And it's alright, I love blabbering, haha! When people blabber their words are the most authentic.&gt; But I honestly just wanna hear what you guys think about this.

He is giving you what you asked for. Granted, it's a dose of tough love but he is exactly right, I would've said the same thing. 

Stop whining about it if you have no real desire to change.Type BPD with NPD traits. I'm not sure if it is possible to accurately type people with personality disorders, what do you think?Ooo girl check out that INFP he. Is. FiNe!!!!!I know ENTJs are not usually known as Te NiSe guys but I would totally date one./u/peppermint-kiss wrote this great comment on the functions of an ENFJ:

http://www.reddit.com/r/enfj/comments/4jbw6t/can_anyone_give_real_life_examples_of_how_our/d36c61r

I wrote this comment on the differences that I've observed between ENFJs and INFJs:

http://www.reddit.com/r/enfj/comments/4k5bp1/am_i_infj_or_just_a_socially_shut_in_enfj/d3ccj4pAccurate 😂 LMAO the comic sans font is just the cherry on top.You seem pretty INFP to me - you remind me of my favourite little cousin :)

I'll explain why, by process of eliminating the NFs.

**First, I think you display Fi and Ne pretty strongly**: you wear your heart on your sleeve without reservation, you aren't afraid to express your thoughts and feelings as long as you know you will stand by it, and even the way you show concern to someone is self-focused (not in a bad way).

Ne too, in that you bounce of the comments of other people and your responses seem like quick spurts of enthusiasm.

This is in contrast to Fe Ni. A Fe user would not be as readily expressive as you are, especially not on the Internet - we tend to always ask ourselves "is my comment a suitable or valuable response for this audience?" If the answer is no, we usually will write them out then delete them anyway. Sometimes it is not our place to say something, so we will avoid it altogether.

If you see posts by ENFJs/ INFJs, they have a tendency to be long, pensive, rhetorical. This is to me how Ni manifests in writing.

Therefore, I eliminate ENFJ and INFJ.

**Second, ENFP or INFP?** I tend to go with INFP, because you don't seem to have as strong of the exciting "dive first, think later" approach towards life like a lot of bubbly ENFPs do. You are more pensive, and live out a lot of happy scenarios in your head. Pardon me if this is brief - I don't know too much about INFP vs ENFP except based on the INFPs and ENFPs I know.

What do you think?

**Edit:** To me personally, the "vibes" that Ne and Ni give off are very apparent. High-Ni users (INFJ INTJ ENFJ ENTJ) tend to have a broodiness about us - we are constantly evaluating our environment and how it will fit in our little brain libraries. Ni humour can also be pretty dark, sarcastic and poking fun at others, going as far as we can before the line of no return.

Ne however is "childlike", bubbly - I see this in my INFP, ENFP, and even ESFJ and ISFJ loved ones. Ne is adorable, jumpy, reactive. Ne humour is "benign", funny just because it is - not necessarily "provoking" a reaction like Ni humour does.

Oh! Also, what is your enneagram type?You're being very helpful :) Might I just add on, I think that "subjective logic" can also be very present when a user is Fi-Te, rather than Te-Fi? Meaning to say that high-Fi (with aux/inf Te) can seem Ti-like.

What do you think? Just a note: I personally think OP is an INFP.As an ENFJ, I personally can't see Ni in OP; not Fe either. 

OP's writing style is very reminiscent of the sweet INFPs who post regularly on /r/ENFJ, rather than us ENFJs. I've noticed that xNFJs tend to speak with a sense of finality, with a dash of cynicism at times. There is a carefree idealism (though shared by all NFs) about her that is more Ne than Ni.

But that's just my opinion, I guess we'll see what she eventually decides on :)I still think it's not possible to accurately type someone with a personality disorder. 

If you've interacted with anyone with BPD or NPD, you will realise that a lot of them seem to emulate a certain set of behaviours, since they share the same few symptoms. Like another user said, in real life, the disorders "interrupt" its sufferers' cognitive processes, blurring the line between "this is who I am" and "this is my disorder speaking".

Interestingly, many persons with BPD are typed INFP (check out the /r/BPD thread on MBTI), and people with NPD are often typed ENTJ. However, I do not think both types truly encapsulate the disordered personalities.

Let's try anyway. You are right - strong Ni is very apparent - also in her manner of speaking, and in her writing. That leaves us with xNTJ and xNFJ.

As /u/Vatimus said, she is in no way, shape or form an extrovert. I tend to agree, because again my impression of her was overwhelmingly Ni-dom - even in her best, non-personality disorder moments. Her pokerface is a great example, she's not as facially emotive as an extrovert. That leaves INFJ INTJ.

So INFJ or INTJ? Your argument for Fe, while correct, leaves me with a quandary - while a Fe user can manipulate, how far can a high-Fe user actually really go before it eats away at its user? A really really unhealthy one with a personality disorder? Maybe. Remember that high-Fe users are "other-focused" and not "self-focused" - if they know that the validation given to them is insincere and borne out of fear, it eats away at their conscience and happiness. Overall, INFJ is possible.

A Fi user can also manipulate for his own agenda - although admittedly, it is done so poorly if Fi is low in the stack. How Amy "manipulated" Neil Patrick Harris was very insincere, yet just enough to sway him (he is probably NPD as well - she knew all it takes would be a few strokes of his ego). However, low Fi can indicate a tendency to prioritise rationality over empathy. She has the brutality - does so comfortably - and perhaps selfishness that is evident in high-Te, low-Fi users. So INTJ is possible too.

All that said; I think you can make an argument for INFJ INTJ ENFJ ENTJ - all of them. **If you take all of their dominant and auxiliary functions and exaggerate them to be as unhealthily used as possible, you get Amy.** You picked Ni and Fe in particular, but I don't know why you chose ENFJ over INFJ other than because ENFJ apparently fits the "cult leader" stereotype. If I really had to pick, I would choose a Ni-dom, yet I still can't see any of the 16 types fully encapsulating her personality fully.Hello, ENFJ checking in. 

I would honestly explain Ni the same way he did, except my Ni is a tad more subdued. It is sad honestly - I do find it near impossible to "let go" and have fun - I am addicted to the future as well... I can be at a family party that I so meticulously planned, I can be entertaining all my loved ones and therefore be in my happy element, but at the back of my head is always the thought of "ah shit when this party is done I have x x x to do." I think my inability to let go has far more harmful consequences than those I have realised - one of it being generalised anxiety disorder. It makes me honestly sad ☹️😢

Anyway. I have a great example from recently. My ENTJ boyfriend and I went to the trampoline park. After jumping about for an hour, we were both talking about how we can't "let go" and "just jump", just fall, just attempt whatever stunt we think of, because in our minds, envisioning a stunt means envisioning its consequences. Because we are afraid of the consequence, that impetus to "just jump" is gone.

I'd like to think of Ni as my little library of theories to live by. So I collect all this information from my life and they converge to a single point in my head. One such theory in my Ni library, with reference to my trampolining experience, would be "if you go too hard you are bound to get hurt. Even if you haven't been hurt before, others have!" This little library is in the background supporting everything I do and every decision I make.Thank you for the feedback! 😊Yo thanks for your detailed response! :)

For the record I definitely am convinced by your arguments! I can really see why they make sense. For instance, my ENTJ boyfriend and I are examples of being extroverts who enjoy living inside our own heads, heh. I also agree that Affleck's character is ENTJ.

I just find it hard to grapple with typing the personality disordered; that to me would require separating the personality disorder from the person's "core personality", but this is simply impossible. My sister is NPD ENTJ (as well as my bestfriend's stepmom), yet almost every day her narcissistic traits shine in a way that is in no way reminiscent of the ENTJ type - not even when they are at their most unhealthy.Completely different - you should read up on the cognitive functions of the types.

ENFP has Ne Fi Te Si.

ENFJ has Fe Ni Se Ti.

In general, ENFPs and ENFJs are similar in that both types are empathetic, sociable, usually bubbly. Both types, while being very extraverted, also value their own personal time a lot. However, beneath the surface, they work very differently.

ENFPs have a more carefree "vibe" to them, can be very talkative, are funny just because they are and without having to try to be (Ne humour). ENFJs, despite seeming present and sociable, can have a broody mood about them, and are often sarcastic, poking fun at others (Ni humour).

You can ask me anything :)

Source: ENFJ with 2 ENFP best friends.You are normal, don't worry :) 2 points:

1) **Relativism.** 

You are emotional relative to him. Next to me, you might be seen as pretty stoic.

2) **Relationships ARE about feelings.** 

I don't believe he is as unemotional as he presents himself to you. Is he with you because he is intellectually stimulated or emotionally stimulated? Likely both, right?

Not everyone can "will" their feelings away with rational thought. No one should tell their partner to not feel a certain way because they are not them. When my ENTJ boyfriend says, "You're not supposed to feel hurt by my behaviour and therefore you are wrong." I'll tell him "Unlike you, I love with my heart and not with my brain."ENFJ.

As opposed to INFJ, because your friend seems very emotionally reactive and expressive. INFJs are Ni-doms, and are in general more patient and slow to make judgments. Your friend also seems more active in terms of wanting to take care of people, while INFJs are usually more passive.

I can see how she might think she is an introvert if she has social anxiety and depression - on my worst days with anxiety, I feel like an introvert. She's like me in that while we avoid certain social scenarios, we are still always ready to socialise and connect with other (even new!) people.

I can also relate to the whole "wears her heart on her sleeve yet no one really truly knows all her struggles" thing. You can read my posts on "Things No One Tells You About ENFJs", and let me know if they sound like her :)Haha, yes, that too :) 

What type are you? If I know your type, I can try telling you what my experience/ dynamic with your type is like, which can further confirm if your friend is ENFJ or not.Fear of letting my loved ones downENFJ, my mirror match is INFP.

We work really well together, from experience. As much as the INFPs often depend on me as a "mentor", I often find that they are very capable of stepping up to be wonderful, stable supporters, when I'm the one in distress instead. And they would know to do so - I don't have to say it. 

There is definitely a natural affinity between the types. It is as though we navigate our journeys through the same vehicle, but we complement each other's shortcomings or narrowmindedness (Fe Ni Se Ti vs Fi Ne Si Te). My favourite little cousin is an INFP and I generally adore my INFP friends and family members. I would not exchange the love and support I have with them for anything else in the world.

However, I am not sure if I would **date** an INFP, but **I think it has a lot to do with gender.** Meaning to say, I am ENFJ, straight female, and I generally gravitate towards men who "have a hold" over me - they tend to be the ruthlessly logical guys who are evermore domineering than I am. An ENFJ male might say otherwise.

Generally, certainty and assertiveness are very important in a romantic relationship to me. I am in law school, and I NEED routine, structure, and long-term planning. In a relationship, I would prefer a partner who is naturally predisposed to do these things. I would sacrifice the happy bubbly feely validation that I can experience with an INFP (these things aren't necessarily absent in the other types, and INFPs can possess the qualities I like as well). Therefore, my ideal partner is an ENTJ. My current boyfriend of 4 years is one, and my exes were ENTJ and INTJ too.In my experience, xSFJ men tend to be genuinely nice guys. Like fatherly figures. 

ESTPs tend to be assholes, but they know it and do it intentionally. They are hilarious though.She sounds kind of BPD/NPD/both, but I am not confident of being definitive about it. Read up on comorbidity. 

If my hypothesis is right, I don't think you can accurately type someone with a personality disorder - they all have a certain set of learned behaviour that cannot really be attributed to a type.This is super cute! I can definitely identify with the first one - knowing to phrase anything in a precise matter to get my intentions across accurately and sometimes achieve the reaction I want.I see this often in my INTJ friends!I might need you to define that for me ;)

-Basic™ FeelerI share the same observations! I'm so intrigued and baffled.

- So only the INFs? So strange that it's not seen in the ENFJs and ENFPs.

- INFJ and INFP don't even share cognitive functions!Yeah, I thought so too! However, /r/INFP often discusses depression instead of HSP, whereas /r/INFJ talks a lot about being overly sensitive (at least emotionally). Not just TJs, FJs too. They can try to charm me (and they are cute and hilarious), but I can't unsee their baby Fe.I love this, it is wonderful advice. You are one enlightened INTJ!Se-doms...? Based on my experience that ESFPs can be quite the impulsive lover.

Ni-doms are most likely to stay with someone who has betrayed their trust. Until a certain point, they will try TOO hard to restore the relationship. Based on my experience of an INFJ and INTJ friend, female and male respectively, who know their SOs are bad for them but still want to give them the benefit of doubt...sigh.Hi fellow ENFJ! I do that too! :)

I dated my childhood sweetheart - INTJ - and he could leave me alone for up to 3 months! No text, no call, nothing. Immersing himself in work and shutting himself out to the world. Learning about his type has helped me understand why. 

It is important for us ENFJs to learn about other types because we tend to believe there is an objective right way of managing social relationships - "Be consistent in communicating to your partner", "Be accountable to your partner".

However, I think it is up to us to draw the line between "this is who he is as a person" and "this is what needs to be done for my needs to be met and for this relationship to continue". In my relationship with INTJ - although I knew it was "simply him" to shut the world out and focus on work, I also recognised that he completed neglected me and was clearly not ready for a relationship. For that he apologised to me 3 years later.Hi, I didn't downvote you, but you basically said "Fi is selfish" without explaining why. If you have a case to support your statement, we would definitely like to hear.&gt;  An Fe person might look at how it is painful for the homeless person or how society is benefited by helping others. Fi instead does it because it feels right to do. It is that you have your own values and they tell you to help the person.

I agree with this and understand where you are coming from, but would like to slightly rephrase it. Your phrasing implies that Fe users do not have their own moral systems, and that it is malleable and shifts according to the scenario in question, which is kinda wrong.

This is how I see it:

Both Fe and Fi users have very strong and individual moral systems. However, **how the values in the moral systems are selected** is different. For Fe users, the values selected are focused on how they impact *others*, while for Fi users, the values selected are focused on how they make sense to the users personally - as in, how they impact *the self*.

Therefore:

* Fe users, in comparison to other Fe users, are likely to have very similar value systems.

* Fi users, in comparison to other Fi users, are more likely to experience a variance in value systems.

* Fi users, in comparison to other Fe users, are also likely to experience a variance in value systems.

* However, Fe users and Fi users can often also share very similar value systems, if the values adopted by the Fi user happen to be very "other-focused" as well - for example, "Violating the privacy of another person is wrong".

Otherwise, good post, thanks you for your explanation :) I like this •ᴗ•I really agree with both! 

I particularly hate the manipulative stereotype. Traditionally, to manipulate means to:

&gt; handle or control (a tool, mechanism, information, etc.) in a skilful manner.

People have used the word "manipulate" in such a derogatory manner that it is now an insult than a neutral verb. 

So, when ENFJs think it is our duty to, say, convince someone to see that they should love themselves and exit their abusive relationship, this is how the "manipulation" occurs (actual conversation with INFJ girlfriend who has been cheated on, lied to, and physically hurt by her shitty boyfriend):

&gt;Friend: I know he treats me badly, but I love him.
&gt;
&gt;ENFJ: I know you love him. But can you really stand the abuse forever?
&gt;
&gt;Friend: Yes, because I know he loves me too. He is just a little damaged right now. I believe he will change for me.
&gt;
&gt;ENFJ: There is a universe out there, where you can find someone who you will love, and will love you back in kind, and will not abuse you. Why won't you allow yourself that love and happiness? The sooner you leave, the less broken you will be, the less time you will need to heal, and the sooner you will find your true happiness. Whereas the now is... :(

Probably not the best example, but I tried 😅 Of course, this skill can be and have been used in unfavourable manners - to play the blame game, especially - otherwise, I tend to want to believe that the average ENFJ will not manipulate someone into seeing the desired way if it truly isn't good/ suitable for them 😕 The scenario above is an example.No, don't say that!

In my closest group of girlfriends, we are ENFJ (me), ENFP, ENFP, and INFJ. I ADORE my ENFP girlfriends! They are creative, bubbly, empathetic (one of the most empathetic Fi users, I would say). I also have a male ENFP friend in law school - when he and I are together, what was supposed to be a tense and stressful atmosphere in school completely disappears!

I do see indecisiveness and a lack of self esteem/ confidence with them sometimes, but there's absolutely no reason for that. Most of the time, their gut instincts are exactly right. The ENFPs are one of the most naturally creative/ funny people that I know, you should capitalise on that :)

Or...surround yourself with sum ENFJs to luv u long tymYes! /u/throwaway07006 - maybe Fe and Te doms are conventionally known to have less inertia to *go out and do things*, but it doesn't mean that you as an ENFP can never accomplish anything. You can and you will if you want to.One of my best buds in school is an ISTJ male! What's your studying style and humour like?🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄 I need more eyes to roll.All the other comments in this thread are insults and come from the Intuitives though 😅 I don't find him funny at all, he is not a troll, probably a real life douche head.Fe, too. TJs and FJs both! Both groups seem to value order pretty highly.I've known people who have Narcissistic Personality Disorder, Borderline Personality Disorder, Histrionic Personality Disorder, Antisocial Personality Disorder, as well as a person who was simply a **pathological liar**. All of the above can do gas lighting. Don't ascribe it to a type.a* HSP, not an

I see many INFJs identifying as HSPs...any other types? I am looking to see if there is a simple correlation - I know it's tenuous to argue that they have a causal link.

Can you tell me how you reached that conclusion, and how life is like for you?

**Edit: Thank you all for your wonderful replies!**Not sure if this is even worth exploring, but I am curious nonetheless. I want to type people better.

For example, how ENTJs make decisions are so different from hmmm, say, INFPs.

If you would like to compare Fe-Ti and Ti-Fe too, I'd be very happy to hear it! :)
Come on over to /r/ENFJ love, we have soft love and tough love both :)ENFJ with ENTJ boyfriend, I think you're right. 

He and I are so organised - all our things are arranged nicely and have their own place, **but** we end up losing them anyway. I panic every single time I reach into my bag and the first thing I touch isn't my phone (although 95% of the time I will find it after rummaging around for a little) because I can never for the life of me remember where I saw it last. 

For the most part, I feel like every single day of mine is similar in some way and they all blur into one. I remember sentimental things about people from way back, little phrases said by Judges in law cases, but I'm so scatterbrained otherwise. It can be pretty bothersome.

Why do you think that is, in terms of functions?Thank you for that! It certainly makes sense :)Great post, and IME, pretty accurate.

Especially this part on Ne:

&gt; ...very pure and child-like. Ne can make it more randomly and excitedly outspoken, and also more awkward and less grounded.

This is, to me, why it is easy to spot Ne users. It's endearing and cutesy, silly fun humour - I see this even in the "stoic types", in ISTJ, vs INTJ.Sorry - IME means in my experience :)

It's me! Thank you, luv. I'm so surprised that people read/ lurk the ENFJ subreddit! Come hang out more!Hmm, interesting. I like almost every ENFP I meet and we become fast, close friends - unless they have absolutely quirky/ unreasonable Fi. Being that I share the same functions as you, I wonder why it might be that I don't encounter that awkwardness that you speak of. I generally have the same experience with INFPs, except they usually seem to be a mix of guarded yet active in trying to engage me.

By extension, do you feel more comfortable with INFPs? &gt; This type of dynamic between two people has the strangest aggression but positivity

Can confirm with INFPs.

When I meet an INFP for the first time, they almost always seem to be sussing me out, and it doesn't escape me. I described them in another comment as being guarded, yet active in trying to engage me.

It almost takes one person to be genuinely vulnerable first, before the ice can truly be broken. It's usually always me, HAHA. From then, it's that therapeutic shitstorm you speak of. I enjoy the dynamic. However, if the INFP is unstable, they will tend to over-rely on me.&gt; Heidi Priebe

*brain switches off*You only live once — live it ethically, fully, happily, and without hesitation!

I like "ethical hedonism". I haven't met anyone who would resist that motto, even though plenty of people are very hesitant about going for what they really want in life.&gt; With our powers combined, we create a socially awkward, chronically late, pedantic shut-in couple. :D Yay low Fe

I don't know about you but this is bloody cute.&gt; interesting life choices

How so?

You know what, I was going to say, "I'm pretty standard/ conventional", but I realised that being poly, I'm probably not. Otherwise, I think I'm pretty conventional. HAHA.Come to /r/ENFJ ;)&gt; nodding and commenting at students at the same time; we kept jinxing each other and even our movements and facial expressions were mirroring...we had smiles that kept growing progressively larger until my face started to hurt

BAHAHA! This is cute as hell. And you described it so well, I feel exactly this with my ENFJ girlfriend.&gt; Their only problem comes when they try and be ESTPs, like they try and be more aggressive and bro-like than they actually are. It's usually really obvious and kinda cringey. Some ESFJ guys do it too. I mean, look at all of the Drake memes out there about Drake being such an emotional softy even though he tries to be hard. Most people don't even know about MBTI and they pick up on it.

Too true! Applies to ISFJ and INFJ men too - they probably have it even worse. When I see it happening I just think, GODDAMMIT JUST BE YOUR LOVING CUDDLY SELVESYes bebe how you doin :) Hello! Great question! I can't speak for every ENFJ, but I can think of reasons why many ENFJs might be, or might not be.

Why ENFJs might be:

* Immeasurable love for people

* Certainty of life choices because of long-term foresight

* Comfortable with exploring our own feelings

* Wise about setting personal boundaries

* (As an extension of the previous point) High likelihood of managing social circles in a way that only attracts "healthy" like-minded people

* Tendency to question rules by social institutions

* Tendency to indulge ourselves, "jump in and try", instead of hesitating

* Adept at managing social ethics

* Comfortable with complete transparency in communication

* Good at "compartmentalising"

* Affectionate and expressive (partners would not feel lesser)

I can't explain WHY I'm poly, because I just am. I love people the same, and I find it artificial to separate them into different categories like - familial, friendly, romantic... Anyone I love becomes family anyway.

However, I can explain why poly works for me. I'm agnostic. My ENTJ boyfriend is as social, people-loving, and open-minded as I am. He's agnostic. We started out monogamous, and we knew we would be together for the long haul — therefore, we always knew that we wanted to live life together, and experience everything to the fullest extent. 

We don't hide anything from each other — we are the kind of impulsive people who spit it out and address it instead of allowing any bad feelings to ruminate. We've never had trust issues or jealousy issues, because we love each other too much to let those things affect us.

ENFJs who are staunchly religious will have the same traits, except it will operate in a monogamous fashion, I would imagine. The same reasons that make it easy for me to be poly, will make it easy for another ENFJ to be happily monogamous, you know what I mean? :)

But yes, I do think that it would be easier for ENFJs to navigate polyamory, over the other types. A lot of it must have to do with our extraversion, being expressive, and taking the initiative. So it might seem that a lot of us are poly, haha :PINFP is my guess.You described the ESTJ and the ENFJ in the same way: friendly, assertive, efficient! Cool! :) 

What are some notable differences, seeing as the two types have no functions in common?

(ENFJ who generally adores the STJs)**WE ARE THE SHEEPLE**BAHAHA. Congratulations on your engagement! :)

I would say though, that I wish I could turn it off. I can read my boyfriend so well that I think:

1) he knows he can never hide from me, which must be quite annoying for him

2) I can get affected by his moods. 

Sometimes I might say something silly, and I can sense his irritation with me, no matter how small - I can either apologise for it (which will annoy him because he doesn't like me to make a big deal out of a trivial thing) or let it be (which makes me feel shakey until he snaps out of his irritation).TBH, I can't really relate to this one... I haven't met any ENFJs who have difficulties fitting in too. Fe-dom =/= sheeple.LOL! Yes, this is a great lesson for NFJs. I learnt that at 18 and never look back.That sounds horrible. My loved ones/ social circle are the most crucial element to my life and I can't imagine compromising/ settling on that 😢 

(One little thing to note — I'm not saying being around SFJs is horrible, haha :) I find them really different from me but generally I like them enough)Yeah, I have nothing against SFJs - in fact,  I really like them; it's the conforming and settling (by uncomfortable ENFJs) that is horrible.

I have to disagree with your assessment of ENFJs, as it reads like a complete misgeneralisation. It might be true of the sample size of ENFJs in your life, but I believe you're talking about a brand of **people** in general, and not type. Someone who has grown up as a misfit their whole lives may encounter dilemmas like these, but not all of them will.

Case in point: if I were so concerned with harmony and conformity, I would simply agree with you and led it slide. I am not that kind of person. We have our own preferences and wants and needs too, and not all of us will settle just for the sake of "status" or "conformity".

Another assumption that is uncomfortable for me is that NJs are supposed to enjoy other NJs. My boyfriends are ENTJ and ISFJ, and while I can sense the NJ vs SJ difference, I'm staying with them simply because I love them. I enjoy being around them. 

Further, indeed, I can see where you are coming from, as my closest group is NJ/ NF. However, in my wider social circle, there are all types of people. ISTJ, ENFP, ENTJ, INFJ, INTJ, ESFJ, ESTJ, INFP. I hang out with them because I enjoy their company. It has absolutely nothing to do with status or conformity.

**Edit:** Downvotes for discussing a generalisation?ENFJ: You might think everyone needs help, but not everyone wants your help!We're polyamorous! (but as common as commonfolk may be)HAHA :) it's my normal, yet sometimes I am still afraid of the backlash or stigma. So far so good though - people are generally lovely about it even though they don't endorse it themselves.

Don't worry, you'll be just fine! INTJs are great :)&gt; Also, you made a pretty large generalization that all SJs are "conforming" and "settling" and that that is "horrible". How come you can make a generalization about SJs but I can't give a lesson to ENFJs without you claiming I'm generalizing? 

This wasn't what I said at all. I said it's horrible that your friend feels left out (and feels like she has to conform/ settle) - it has nothing to do with SJs. And no, I'm not personally offended or anything, I only had an issue with the generalisation that was impressed on me from reading your first comment. Perhaps it is my phraseology or ENxJ aggressiveness that sounded abrasive.

As for conformity and settling: you stated in your post that ENFJs are often too concerned with status for remember to place themselves first - which implies that ENFJs would rather conform and settle than stand up for what they really want. This was what I was trying to explain.

Now that you have clarified it the way you have, we are on the same page. I seem to have interpreted you wrongly, and vice versa.

**Edit:** Your perception of ENFJs being amicable with people with they don't like, is that it is conformity. To me at least, it's not conformity. It's possibly the avoidance of conflict. It's trying to see the best people. It's trying to find a common ground with people even if I intuitively know that they are not the same as I am.Oh, it's alright :) Yeah, I had initially read it as the kind of conformity which connotes a "go with the hivemind to fit in" mentality. Apologies!I agree with this analysis. I actually think she is a pretty grounded ESFP - I like her more and more the more I watch her on The Voice. Might be because of her great use of Se as compared to me, LOL!I am good at reading people. Verbal or non-verbal, nothing escapes me. A slight little apprehension, mischief, sadness will not go undetected! 

A corollary advantage is knowing how to guide them into responding how I want them to (what is known as manipulation in Neuro-Linguistic Programming).

**People can never really lie because their non-verbal expressions will betray them.** I feel powerful in this sense, as it is especially useful when the time comes to confront pathological liars, narcissists, or troublemakers who try to fuck up people's lives.

And wow wtf I would like to have your superpower. How do you do it? The more inconspicuous I try to be, the more obvious I seem to make myself.

Edit: YO OP /u/cafe-aulait L4 here and have been trying to be inconspicuous in scary professors' classes for forever 😢/r/LearnUselessTalents

TBH it's quite an impressive thing. You are that one person who draws my attention at the end of a banging concert. I have to make up for my weak ass claps with sum bellowin'.:) Thank you for opening up about how difficult it is for you to open up. I understand my baby Cousin better now.&gt; not sure if others will find it as a lie though; they might be suspicious if it is just too unbelievable

The tactic doesn't work exactly because of this.

When the non-verbal communication is read in light of the circumstances: the liar's personality, common logic, probability, possible motivations, and etc, the lie, no matter how believed by the liar, will still be fallible. 

I can't foresee it ever working unless all the extraneous factors mentioned are completely absent 😅 

It's happened to me many times before — a good female friend's cheating pathological liar boyfriend, friends' narcissistic parents gaslighting everyone, clients who genuinely believe their innocence.

I guess 4 downsides to this ability are:

* being too aware of, and therefore affected by white lies

* being almost impossible to surprise

* being alive to all information that might hurt me even though I did not have to know of them

* being too quick to pass judgement (complicates things when defending accused persons)I can imagine. My INTJ friends do it really well too. They prolly speak once or twice throughout the semester but when they do they make sure the professor is enlightened by their contribution. The magic of being invisible and visible whenever you'd like to be!Sure, it's possible, like if a young girl tells her mother "I'm going for a movie with Ashley, she's nice", when in fact Ashley is a dude. Close enough to the truth, but still a lie. 

Everything is context specific though. Those factors can be bypassed in that moment but with frequent interaction between Mother and Daughter, those factors will still prevail. The Mother will soon find out that Ashley is not actually a girl.

That said I don't think all lying is bad. White lies are okay. You can white lie your way out of small talk and I wouldn't care unless it directly and negatively affects the people related to me in some way or another. In fact I'd thank you for implicitly expressing your disinterest, heh.How does your speed reading work? 

Do you pick up buzz words/ salient phrases quickly and effectively, or do you actually read all the words really fast?

I do the former for my piles of readings, but don't consider it particularly effective or speedy. It's speedy only because I'm rushing it and not because I'm talented at it.I don't think it's stupid, we just had different conceptions of what lies entail. I was thinking of it in the sense where there actually is something to hide. Your example is of a white lie where there might not be underlying malice.Super cool; that's a superpower that will be valuable to anyone in our industry. Seems like we have quite a few lawyers on here ;)&gt;  * being private intensifies *

HAHA this made me laugh. 

Yes, it's easy to know when someone is holding back their thoughts. There's nothing wrong with that though, you have the right to maintain your privacy :) 

Let me tell you how I do it. If I ask X a question, and X replies something polite that I suspect might not be his true thoughts, I would then **pause and wait**. People often get nervous about the silence and would want to elaborate. Even if X does not elaborate, I would know my suspicion was right if he even slightly fidgets in that little pocket of silence between us.

Seeing as INFJs are great readers as well, your assessment of her assessing you is probably correct. If she doesn't question you further, it means she accepts and respects your privacy.HAHA! I did it unconsciously for most part of my life, and only learned in law school that it is one of the many questioning techniques taught to law enforcement officers. Pretty cool, what they are taught.

Hmm, might be a tert-Se vs inf-Se, and INFJ dom-Ni thing. ENFJs tend to be more likely to make impulsive (though not inaccurate) judgements, whereas I realised INFJs need it to ruminate for a bit, even if they have had the same, accurate intuition from the start.Agree with this 100%.

If you have, unconsciously, found your talent in cooking pasta in a certain way, and you have cooked it time and time and time again for years with it coming out perfect every time because of that certain way, there will be no point in changing how you cook the pasta unless someone proves to you that another method of cooking it will surpass the results you usually get.

Maybe not the best analogy I have for my relationship with using Ni, but yeah.Nope, being around other ENFJs is always an exhilarating experience for me.

I can kind of see how exhausting it *can* be with us. On one hand, there can be lots of laughing, smiling, sharing, enquiring, TEASING. I always am left feeling like yo what the fuck was that. Kinda tiring, but hella fun. Cheeks sore, heart happy.

On the other hand, it can be mellow, supportive, loving. It is nice to have a bunch of people who understand you, are genuinely concerned about you, who make you feel safe, regardless of our differences (religious or otherwise).

Either way, my relationships with them tend to get closer every time we meet. In my entire life I have only known 5 ENFJs in person. I only wish I met more.Wow, I skimmed through the form responses, and was really surprised about the relationship types: in descending order, there were many open/ polyamorous INTPs, ENTPs, INFJs, ENFPs, and INTJs!

Also, thank you all for your splendid work!/grabs popcorn

Oh well here goes nothing. I'm agnostic.

I think everyone can believe whatever they want to believe as long as they are respectful of beliefs that are not theirs. 

However, as much as I can respect a certain X's faith, my experience is that X will likely see me as lesser in some way because I am agnostic.

This is, ultimately, how I view religious people: **If you need religion to be a good person, then you're not really a good person.**

If I had my way? I wish there were no religion in this world. It brings as much good as it brings bad, I see both, and I'm not open to a discussion against that.No worries, thanks for putting it in paragraphs :) Your views are very unique and refreshing, don't be too worried about it.

I suspect that it is quite specific to you to be an atheist and still find stories in religion to be rather heartwarming! I have such a different view on them, heh.This is the video, it's great: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JR3_OtpJe8

&gt; whereas Fe is constantly accommodating for and cognizant of everyone else's preferences and moods. 

I agree that Fe is always cognisant of the emotional response of its company, but I would caution to say that it is all that accommodating. 

In fact, because I am keenly cognisant of the beliefs and attitudes that are jarring to the appropriate emotional atmosphere, I might confront the perpetrator to make the atmosphere level (for me) again.Mother is ISFJ, Father is IxFP. Divorced. Step dad is ISFJ.

My mother is the best mother there is. Career woman by day, housekeeper caretaker mommy by night. She never switches off. Very emotionally supportive, a little conservative. Giving, practical, patient, loyal, consistent. She is truly a wonderful parent. I honestly can't find fault with her other than that she is too giving and too forgiving. People tend to take advantage of her.

My step dad is the same as my mama. I am a lucky daughter and I love every fuckin ISFJ I meet.

My dad is passive aggressive, emotional, clingy, biased, selfish, but creative. The epitome of unhealthy Fi. He's a pervert towards girls and women alike, unreliable, financially unstable, major inferiority complex. I was his favourite, but I detest him for putting my mother through that kind of hell.

I am vocal, an emotional caretaker, and very take-charge, because I am used to defending my mother from bullies (dad and some good-for-nothing relatives). Very bossy and unrelenting with people who bully my mother.OP, you need to step back and look after yourself first. In the grand scheme of things and of life, the MBTI is totally unimportant. For the record, I am in a constant flux of admiring the theory and then completely doubting it. Take care.ISFJ mom fist bump!

Love you ISFJs 😊Hello, thank you for your kindness! 😘 

I have a feeling you knew what I was getting at about how my dad treated me. Can always count on a fellow NFJ to read the subtext, heh. Despite that, I think I am the luckiest girl in the universe. It still means a lot for you to say that! Lots of love.Fe + mirroring = sensitivity to other's non-verbal communication + subconsciously building rapport by responding in kind.

After learning about the concept of mirroring in Neuro-Linguistic Programming, I became extremely conscious of other people subconsciously mirroring me, and I was also very conscious of leading and pacing our interactions to encourage the mirroring. 

In general, we tend to mirror people we like being with. :)I'll be the brave soul to start this off!

Hallo, I am 22, and Chinese. I have become more reserved over the years, and am a strange mix of excitable yet broody.

How are you?

http://imgur.com/MIwwx3F
http://imgur.com/cuXLqxd
http://imgur.com/D2cuwhVENFJ:

* If you sit there and whine about a personal problem relating to self/ others that either 1) is self-inflicted or 2) can be easily resolved

* If you have no consideration for whose party it is (funeral, wedding, birthday, giving birth?) and insists on disrupting it by being edgy~ and quirky~ (I'm looking at idiots who try to be more flamboyant than the bride and groom, for example)That's not entirely untrue. For the most part, I like the xxFPs I meet. In fact, two of my closest girlfriends are ENFPs.

That said; we've all had some really downright shitty experiences with some xxFPs in our lives. I'm referring to my pervertic deadbeat dad, and one of their BPD moms. 

It is crazy what Fi-dom/aux can make a person believe and do. When you go through that kind of mental torture from them, you become very sensitive to similar behaviour in others.You didn't let me down &lt;3Those days are ***over***, sadly yet thankfullyYOU r sweet :3ISTJ and ISFJ. I have never seen discipline like I have from these two types. Extremely focused, diligent, detailed, almost obsessive, but ultimately successful!Cute! I wanna try.


The Jock

ESTP. Bold and vocal, usually gets killed first. Usually from behind, from where he can't Se ;)

The Cheerleader 

ESFP. Is usually the girlfriend of jock, but usually ends up in the final 3 survivors. Makes tons of noise at inopportune moments. "The Hot One" in the movie, usually in something skimpy and wet.

The Nerd

INTP. By the time he figures everything out, all his friends are already dead. He carries on their legacy, and can be the unassuming underdog/ hero.

The Stoner

ISTP/ ENTP. Has come to terms with his death long ago anyway, leaves a happy and stoned man. He is survived by no one.

The Token Minority

I don't know, all the other types? :P

The Nice Guy

ESFJ/ ISFJ. The one who has everyone's best intentions, but made a mistake and was killed in the most anticlimactic way. Is remembered for his goodness.

The Virgin/Last Survivor 

God, this is so hard, but I want to go with ISFP. Acutely aware of surroundings, not overtly emotional, calm enough, great at being inconspicuous.She Ne, you Ni. I work in the exact way as you.I think it's hard to narrow it down to one function altogether, but I find that my Ne dom/aux friends tend to write notes like as if they were speaking to themselves; the whole stream of consciousness thing. If you interrupt them at any point, they might lose that train of thought.

In contrast, I have to listen, pause, then extract the principle and key points from what was said, and quickly jot it down. I think neither method is better than the other :)&gt; whereas Fe is constantly assimilating to society's dogma

Ugh, this is not Fe...Te (Extroverted Thinking) (75%) 
your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods

Ti (Introverted Thinking) (75%) 
your valuation of / adherence to your own internally devised logic/rational

Ne (Extroverted Intuition) (80%) 
your valuation of / tendency towards free association and creating with external stimuli

Ni (Introverted Intuition) (70%) 
your valuation of / tendency towards internal/original free association and creativity

Se (Extroverted Sensing) (25%) 
your valuation of / tendency to fully experience the world unfiltered, in the moment

Si (Introverted Sensing) (40%) 
your valuation of / focus on internal sensations and reliving past moments

Fe (Extroverted Feeling) (90%) 
your valuation of / adherence to external morals, ethics, traditions, customs, groups

Fi (Introverted Feeling) (40%) 
your valuation of / adherence to the sanctity of your own feelings / ideals / sentiment

//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

**based on your results your type is likely - enfj**Ahhh, I have never been more excited to be of service! 

**TLDR; ISFJs are one of my absolute favourite people! They so deserve your reading on to find out why.**

My sweet mother and my sweet partner (M) are ISFJs.

* **I have never met anyone else who are as consistently dedicated towards their work and family (whether biological or by choice).** 

Once an ISFJ determines that you are a big part of their everyday lives, they are going to take care of you in a way like no one else will. 

My mother, being the owner of a restaurant, hires grandmothers and grandfathers to do simple chores, so they will be continually stimulated and have some allowance to pamper themselves with. She is at work, rain or shine, in sickness or health. After coming home from a long day of work, she works tirelessly for my family. I am guaranteed to wake up with a little cup of an energy drink, porridge when I'm sick, allowance on Mondays without fail! No matter how tired she is, she sits on the couch and listens to my sister and I yabbering about our lives, and gives us supportive comments, advice, and compliments. I love her to death.

My partner is also an ambitious fella, and works in IT in a senior role. He travels around the world too damn much, but it proves how he is not a complacent person. I cannot believe how much of himself he gives. He buys supplements - fish oil, krill oil, tulsi, vitamin b - for all his colleagues, as long as they ask! When he finds something great, like Fitbit, he would either encourage them to get it or buy it for them himself. He says "I earn more than them baby, a little bit of kindness won't hurt anyone." He is the kind of person who would spontaneously take a plane back home to Australia to surprise his favourite mommy on her birthday. He would do just about anything for the people he loves. Someday, he will make the greatest father.

* **They can be spontaneous, silly, SO funny.**

I don't know about you, but I really do not understand the whole ideology that ISFJs are rigid rule followers and doormats. I simply don't get it. They are some of the most facially emotive people I've met, but it might be because I am their family.

* **They give consistent, unyielding, understated love.**

Rain or shine, together or apart, then or now, the ISFJ will love you forever. There is something so powerful about the certainty of their love and affection. You know the saying, "True love is being kind to your partner even when you are angry"? This is the ISFJ. Once their love is there, it will forever be. They are so sensitive and so sensible.

* **They are ambitious, reliable, consistent.**

The ISFJ never fucks up. They remember EVERYTHING. EVERYTHING!! I can always count on my mother to remember my appointments, to wake up on time, to remember what exams I have on which days. My partner is never late, remembers the exact date and time that he superliked me on Tinder, remembers the year 2pac died. 

This sensitivity to detail about people, about things, helps them so much in work. Most saliently, it comes from a place of sincerity and genuine concern. You don't get that everyday from everybody. It is no wonder that ISFJs are often considered to be the most sociable introverts, and one of the most likeable people at that.

* **So shy, reserved, but will NOT hesitate to stand up for people they love.**

* **So emotional, yet so practical. Find me another xxFx that is as grounded as the xSFJ.**

I have so much more, but I think this is enough for now. I find it really hard to find fault with the ISFJs, in a way that doesn't sound petty.

I think ISFJs are so under-appreciated. I want you to know, that at the end of the day, our types are just 4 letters. If there is one thing my post should tell you besides how lovely ISFJs are, it should be this: You are not your mother. You might not even be like my partner or my mother. And that is **totally fine**.

You are an intricate sum of your dreams, fears, experiences, strengths, and weaknesses. You are the only you in this world. You do not have to fit the mould. My type says "ENFJ", but not one other ENFJ is exactly me. In fact, as I have found, all the ENFJs at /r/ENFJ are so diverse, yet all beautiful in their own ways!

I really hope this makes you feel better! &lt;3I'm an ENFJ and I met my ENTJ partner in school, and my ISFJ partner on Tinder. I think it's not so much how or where you meet, but:

* whether you are willing to **put yourself out there**, anywhere;

* whether you are **confident about who you are**, and as a corollary,

* that you can attract the kind of girl you like, depending on whether you have **certainty about who you like**.

If the three things are not done, you are bound to be stuck in the same cycle. Generally, don't date by type. Date if you are attracted to each other, have homogamous lifestyles, have similar or complementary interests, have values that align with each others'.

What went wrong in your past relationships? I kinda doubt that meeting FJ girls will solve your recurring issues in romantic relationships. In fact, we are a special kind of "old souls", and will have a whole new set of differences that have to be worked through.I am 5'4 and wear heels to work (summer legal internships) every single day. In a male-dominated industry, there is value to being vocal, tall, and confident!

It gives me ultra sexual confidence too 😳😳😳Why?

I really enjoy Fe in ISTPs. See, Fe in ENTPs is so endearing, in a "yeah yeah, you're trying to charm me you smart ass" way. 

...Yet ISTPs do it so differently. You have a certain respect for people, for society, that one wouldn't find immediately apparent. Funnily, it comes through in your "couldn't care less" stance on most things if one really thinks about it carefully.

I feel like I haven't been successful in putting it in words for you, but I hope you get what I mean. Don't fret, your being there for your friends will pay off. You are human, it is normal to feel ;) this way!This is my answer, /r/reje_ksp. INTPs misread social situations so devastatingly...super cute, HAHA.No matter how hard you try to resist it...we know exactly how to make you feel liked by us, and possibly like us 😅HAHAHA nooo I haven't tried! But ok! We're friends now! 😘My favourite High Court Judge in my little island country is an ENFJ. 

She hires prosecutors based on their diligence and heart to change our society, and trains them to be such. She was a professor of mine and told me that prosecutors have to be flexible and adaptable no matter how rigid the law. 

They had dropped charges against a recalcitrant female kleptomaniac, who was of a lower social class and just did not have the resources to get treatment. Her prosecutors had to work overtime to legally justify her "acquittal".

Some day, I hope to be just like her. It gives me so much faith in our legal system, which is built on stern compassion.

Our Attorney General is of the same ethos and I believe he is INFJ.&gt; I am a firm believer that all types are necessary for a functioning society

&gt; NiFe in any combination would probably fare the best in their individual groups due to having the ability to work together competently and plan what they need to survive.

I agree with both of this! 

For the latter, I have personally experienced the abundant harmony that a group can get with all Fe dominants and auxiliaries. Got that **NF** and **SJ** happening in a Fe world. We would probably a hippie world of communitarianism, kinda like Amity in Insurgent lol.

&gt; if I ended up in this situation the first thing I would do would be ditch the INTJs and look for the INFJs or ENFJs

Come, I will take care of you.

"I LOVE ___!"

"I can empathise"

"I've always believed that ___"

"No, I mean it"

"That pisses me off"

"Bullshit"

Bless you ESFJ I bet you are a great host/ hostess. I fucking love Christmas.*triggereddd* Please accept me for who I am.I commented this on a recent thread, same topic:

I don't think anyone enjoys small talk. If anyone had the opportunity, they would definitely rather dive into something deeper and have more "meaningful" conversations that inform them about the person they are speaking to.

However, I think it is necessary. You see...on one hand, people complain about small talk. On the other hand, the same people who complain about small talk are the ones who probably need it most - they are the same people who run away when us ENFJs pry a little deeper to get beyond small talk. LOL. Lose either way, huh.I understand, and I share your observations.

My boyfriends (poly) are ENTJ and ISFJ, and they deal with small talk and deep conversations differently albeit equally well. I think it is possible to explain their differences in cognitive functions terms.

While both boyfriends very much enjoy and are well versed in philosophical conversations:

* on one hand, my ENTJ seems more willing to explore the what ifs and could have beens, whereas my ISFJ is more concerned with what is grounded and practically applicable — he would tell me not to overthink, and not to care about what's over and what's not yet to come.

* on the other hand, my ISFJ has greater sensitivity and curiosity about exactly how or why people and things work, whereas my ENTJ would gloss over such discussions if he deems it to be not valuable/ familiar/ natural to him.

* finally, my ISFJ is more concerned with the little details about my day — meals, conversations had, little moments — whereas my ENTJ and I are so scatterbrained that we only bring up the broader events in detail if we remember/ if it's important enough.

Just my longitudinal observations of the two persons closest to me :)I understand and agree. In general, I find my conversations with Ni-doms especially, to be extremely intense. It does get tiring. Sometimes I just want to bum around with my ENFP girls and casually discuss sum girly shit.I hear ya... My ISFJ is exactly like this! He makes up for it by being so silly and goofy though, I swear everybody adores him. He's so beautiful and he doesn't even know it.

It's a wondrous thing when an ISFJ opens up. You can brighten up someone's world when you do! My ISFJ told me he is not confident with women (which I was shocked by), and then sheepishly added "...but you make it easy." I wanted to squeeze him till he squeaked.

/endmushYou'd be surprised. Stereotypes are just stereotypes. I'd argue that he's way more comfortable jumping into the unknown than I am!I see where you're going with this, and I can also see why.

The first thing you see when you meet him is Si Fe, a subtle warm smile, a hand shake, and kind words to make you feel good about yourself...even if he is actually really shy. I know Fe when I meet one. He is a jug that never runs out of water. Every second of his life is spent trying to make someone else's better, and he has too much trouble saying no. He remembers in excruciating detail, things about people. He is a creature of comfort and is extremely attentive to his and my physical well-being. He has a very strict and predictable routine. He is orderly, extremely accountable, extremely empathetic, completely unmaterialistic, yet ambitious and practical. It's impossible for him to be any sort of Fi/ Se.

Polyamory might seem like a very unconservative thing to most people, but it's really not. We are just normal people who love to love and don't relate to the concepts of jealousy, mistrust, or insecurity. Weird as it may sound, we still have very conventional expectations of how relationships should be upheld and respected.

If you still do consider it a little out of the ordinary and unconservative, it still doesn't negate the possibility of him being an ISFJ, as Si =/= conservative. He's not the first polyamorous ISFJ I know, actually.

If Si is a little library of data and experiences from which the ISFJ draws to make decisions and conduct his life, my ISFJ's little library is a very unconventional one. He has, from a very young age, left home to travel around the world for his job. It pays him well and it constantly forces him out of his comfort zone — drinking, partying, fucking around. It was never his "thing", but he tried it all. 

Polyamory, FWBs...these are things that are his normal. On the topic of his colleagues jetting around the world and cheating on their wives, he says "I never got married because I could never do that to a woman — leave her behind waiting for me trip after trip."

At the end of the day, he is still him: an extremely simple guy with a very simple view of the world. We love each other and our arrangement works, and it really isn't any more complicated than that :)
Yay, that makes me happy to know. Thank you! 😘Preach it baby.

In general, everyone has some level of rationality as well as emotions. Thinkers are not naturally less empathetic/ more intelligent than Feelers, and Feelers are not naturally less intelligent/ more empathetic than Thinkers.

I had a conversation with someone who insisted that I was "an exception to most ENFJs" as not all ENFJs are capable of going to law school — apparently, ENFJs have such weak and feeble Ti that we are simply incapable of doing well in school or coming to logical, defensible conclusions.

That is, emphatically, the dumbest thing I've ever heard. That's like going around and telling an ENTJ that he might not be an ENTJ because he is too empathetic and cares too much about the people around him. Quit that shit.

Sincerely,

Dumb as fuck ENFJ with "Ti too low in my stack" /sMe: ENFJ

Boyfriends: ENTJ ISFJ

Family: ENTJ ISFJ (Sister and Mother), INFP INFP ESFJ

Best Girlfriends: ENFP ENFP ENFJ ENFJ INFJ INFJ INFJ ENTJ ESFJ ISFJ

Closest Malefriends: ISTJ ISTJ INTJ INTJ INFJ ENFP ESTJ ENTJ

Tons of Fe, Te, and Ni. 

For some reason I'm closer to girls if they are NFs and to guys if they are heavy Te! I guess I am drawn to/ attract the same kind of each group haha.I am guessing it is like having the world in the palm of your hand. The world, as in everything of anything you have ever came across, experienced, or learnt.

I so love asking my ISFJ all sorts of questions and he would have an answer for E. VERY. THING.

What's that ugly shit people add on to the butt of their car? How does it work? Do my eyelashes have a growth limit? How often do planes crash? 

He picked up on my questioning him one day and looked at me and said: "I'm not your fucking encyclopaedia." He was completely joking with me and trying to scare me but guess what goofy bitch yes you are. Yes you are a fucking encyclopaedia.Like a little baby, LOL! Let me cry, tell me comforting things, reason with me, hugs and kisses, tuck me in and I'm good.

No shame...😳Hay I love ISTPs too! I have a question you might be able to answer: why does my ISTP friend seem shy/ avoidant with me when we're in a group setting, but is full on 100% when we're one to one?I think there's not an obvious stereotype about it, but definitely an implicit acceptance that Feelers are just not as intelligent. Throw in the fact that I'm an Extrovert and voila ~ I'm the textbook recipe for a dumb person, apparently.

I can tell because I have been confronted with statements like: "You're really rational **for a feeler**" "As an ENFJ do you find it difficult to do law school?"

It seems benign, but the implication that I should not be smart because of my type, is definitely there. I say "No", roll my eyes, and move on. Hahahaha :P 

Thx Pikachu ❤️Yeah, I can imagine. He's very happy being alone. Well I'm certainly very expressive but definitely not loud and all over the place like people would expect, actually. 

I was thinking more like a class setting - we're in the same class, and he would often avoid eye contact with me, and not say hi unless I do so first. We live near each other - in the beginning, he plugged in his earphones and ignored me on the way home, but now he has started to approach me to travel home together, going so far as to walking me home so he could finish his story. Thanks! It makes sense! I replied to another comment below, hopefully that still sounds in line with what you're telling me :)Very well put! 

Basically, there's no social sanction for being "bad with feelings" — it's almost meme-y and perceived to be endearing, but there is every social sanction there is for being irrational. Of course it's something worth defending.Sorry beb can you elaborate? I've been trying to figure them out but I'm not familiar with what cha and +int mean 😂I am very physically affectionate, always hugging, caressing, grabbing, kissing. I also love giving compliments and other words of affirmations! Ultimately, I enjoy making my loved ones feel confident, desired, happy, and validated. 

Would not consider myself passive in any way, but it means it becomes very obvious when I'm in a not so good mood.Nigella Lawson tweeted that she tested ESFP but she seems too ENFJ to me!&gt; They are obedient, playful, intelligent, well-mannered, great with kids, and kindly to strangers. They are good watchdogs, but **make lousy guard dogs as they love people far too much to be effective**. 
&gt;
&gt;Golden Retrievers **need people** and are best suited for large, active families.
&gt;
&gt; One of the most common behavioral problems of this breed of dog is separation anxiety.

We r cynical Golden RetrieversHey, don't worry about your long comment, I actually really appreciate it :) It has helped me understand him better. Thank you so much! :)

Oh man, I am a little worried about that. I pride myself on being very clear about the signals I send. I am extremely conscious about being "friends/ bros/ buddies" with platonic male friends, and will never present myself in a way that would lead him on. 

I kind of agree with your assessment. He admires quite an alternative lifestyle, and knows I am polyamorous, so maybe that is part of the appeal. He is a good guy and I enjoy being friends with him, but I've never and probably will not go a step further.I really wonder if I am really that stubborn that no one can convince me to do things differently than I am. In any case, I wish you the very best for your upcoming therapy sessions!

And hey, you can PM me anytime you'd like, if you want a non-judgmental listening ear and positive affirmations :):) Think about it this way: with all my issues, I would not be happy, yet I am, because of the wonderful people who stood by me, taught me to let go, to have faith, and to depend on others every once in awhile. My only job now is to pass it on :)WOW! Wonderful comment; I am so proud of and happy for you! 

Yes, I am sold on the idea of ACT, I'll look into it right now :) I am very comforted by the idea that I might not be resistant to it :)I'm happy for you :) Did it boil down to having someone that could make you feel safe about opening up?Thanks for your very in depth reply! You description of panic attacks is just spot on, I know that all too well ugh.

To be honest, I am so defeated by my anxiety that I really am open to anything and everything that would help me. That said; the doctor told me that I am the kind of personality that already knows what I have to do, and I just have to get over my own inertia. Introducing a new voice wouldn't change anything, basically. 

I'm skeptical about that and might just go for therapy anyway :)Yay, I'm very happy for you! It's really wonderful to hear of success stories.

Oh are we not supposed to overanalyse? Hahaha! Are you saying that "trivialising" the attack in the moment has helped you get over them? :)Why do you think CBT is useless? I am sort of under the impression that it won't teach me anything I already know...I already know what triggers my anxiety and what I should do to stop it from escalating, but it's not very sophisticated.Hope you found your answer in this thread ❤️Why not? How do you manage on your own?Fingers crossed; things will only go up from now! :)I'm glad you are ready now :) Just out of curiosity — what is DBT for? How has it helped you?Hi I am Asian and we make the best baby oil u want to buy at how many dorra?I think anyone who is very certain and clear about their personality will find it easier to identify with a type. People who have an unstable or growing sense of self will not.

I have never questioned my type because I think I'm too predictable of a person 😂 

I've never not tested ENFJ, and every stereotype, function description, or manifestations of both, good or bad, resonated with me in varying degrees. Immature volatile ENFJ? Been there done that. Depressive ENFJ? Check. Happy bubbly ENFJ? Check. I come to the same conclusion even if I really try to under claim.&gt; This used to be a great country. I dont know WHAT happened to it. 

Says the one contributing to the bigotry. Rude.Yes, why not? In terms of personality traits, everything is a matter of degree....hard to say that anything is absolute.Don't feel pressured to be boxed into 1 of 16 types, love. You are you and you are special :) 

This is why the theory has me disillusioned at times. It's hard to extract one's "core personality" so as to decide on a type.I know that. We are on the same page. According to the theory, any given individual would have 1 of the 16 cognitive function stacks. How it manifests for each and every person is different, and these manifestations collectively embody their idiosyncratic "personality". 

It just didn't make sense to say "core cognitive functioning" in this context, where OP is trying to type herself based on personality traits.:)I find the link between type and religiousness pretty tenuous; might it just be your friend group? 

In my friend group, Betas and Gammas are the most resistant towards anything ~spiritual~ or "kooky".

&gt; After having thought about it, I can see how Fe/Ti with Se/Ni would fit into christianity; there's the sense of community and objective morality that comes with Fe, 

This is one interpretation. On the other hand, my view towards religion is that it is extremely exclusive and isolating — thereby making it incompatible with my Fe ideals about "togetherness".

&gt; and the intensity and dedication of Se/Ni that could be compared with having faith, or having strong beliefs in an idea without scientific proof.

I find it very hard to imagine any of my Se-dom friends as religious people, honestly 😂 

I also find it antithetical to see Se/Ni as accepting ideas without scientific proof....if anything, I thought Se/Ni types would question these things the most.In other words: projection. I hadn't thought of it that way, I thought he was just being down on himself. Thanks :)Funny, because I had the exact same thought process. Lashing out &gt; hmmm...being mean now.

&gt; where you move from feeling however you feel about yourself/your life and expressing that ... to needlessly being nasty to the OP and others here 

I think from these two lines, you already have a good grasp of what projection is. I might not be very good at explaining it, but I'll try.

It's when you are unhappy/insecure about some things in yourself, and then you knowingly/unknowingly try to elicit the same feelings in others by provoking them and/ or insinuating that they are the same. If they do react in the way you want them to, you feel like you are validated/ can commiserate with someone.

Classic example is when a cheating spouse accuses their faithful spouse of cheating.

Edit: better definitions:

"Psychological projection is a theory in psychology in which humans defend themselves against their own unconscious impulses or qualities (both positive and negative) by denying their existence in themselves while attributing them to others. For example, a person who is habitually rude may constantly accuse other people of being rude. It incorporates blame shifting."

"When a person has uncomfortable thoughts or feelings, they may project these onto other people, assigning the thoughts or feelings that they need to repress to a convenient alternative target.

Projection may also happen to obliterate attributes of other people with which we are uncomfortable. We assume that they are like us, and in doing so we allow ourselves to ignore those attributes they have with which we are uncomfortable.

Neurotic projection is perceiving others as operating in ways one unconsciously finds objectionable in yourself.

Complementary projection is assuming that others do, think and feel in the same way as you.

Complimentary projection is assuming that others can do things as well as you."Yup! Sounds just about right to me 😊 That's my understanding of it anyway 😊

Another broader-grained example: my good looking male friend has a propensity to cheat on his girlfriends and can't keep a relationship, but he knows it's wrong. He just can't stop being a toxic person and I'm no longer a close friend. He is otherwise kind of a good guy though. When he sees "uglier" men in healthy and successful long-term relationships with pretty girls, he'd say, "what the fuck does he have that I don't? I bet it's money. They won't last."This thread gives me sum srs anxiety. *Please...stop...*Great one!* Attitude towards service staff - waiters, stewards, sales persons. Too important!

* Willingness to discuss religion critically

* Preferences in music

* Daily lifestyle choicesHi, I'm an ENFJ whose ENTJ boyfriend was also devastated about his computer breaking down recently!

The only you can do is to provide love and support until the problem is fixed. He will be fine after that. Realise it's not something either of you have control over, and that you have done enough :-)

I think it would be distressing for him to know that he has an upset partner on top of a broken computer, so try not to add on to his stress.

For what it's worth, I totally know what you mean. I could not stand seeing him upset, and I hated not being able to fix things for him. I tried to provide for him as much as I could; little daily tasks, make him laugh, comfort him, offered to pay for the repair... He was still very disappointed though.I love your posts. I hope you do the Pe and Je versions too! :) xxTP, leaning towards xNTP! 

Let me explain.

I was classically trained in visual arts pre-university, and realised that I am *really* not the artistic kind. I am not original or creative. 

While I had a good eye for colour, for mood, for themes; I could not draw out of my own imagination — i.e, can't pick up a pen and just doodle something that represents my inner world. I always had to draw reference from *something*. Too perfectionistic, too conservative, too safe, too predictable.

You, on the other hand, *seem* to be able to pick up a pen and just doodle. You are unafraid of being random, asymmetrical, imperfect. Your drawings have a range of colour, moods, tones, styles. You can chameleon into anything you want! They seem to tend towards wanting to casually provoke someone or something.

Am I off? Hahaha :-)

Also, love your username 😂I think "Stop trying to fix him/her" and "You can't help someone who won't help himself/ herself" constitute advice that is rather Fe/ FJ specific.

We tend to attract/ be attracted to "broken" people. I sincerely thought I got better, because I now drop toxic people out of my life like I drop hot tamales, but my ENTJ boyfriend still often tells me to "stop looking for the good in (person) and helping (person)".Fe != harmony or balance though. I *prefer* peacefulness but I relish going up against what I perceive to be bad behaviour, depending on the context. 

Yet, ultimately, I could care less about equalising or fixing my friend group for them to fit my mould, variety is the spice of life. Once again, we're not sheeple who conform for the sake of it.I can relate... I find it true of my NFJ friends, it's like we allow these thoughts to torment us like we enjoy it or something.

That said, I kind of experience it to a lesser extent now, probably because I don't hide my feelings. 

My ENTJ was once in a foul mood unrelated to me, but told me to "fuck off" because I was standing in his way. For a few hours later it really messed with me, but I was sure to verbalise it 😂 

"Do you really want me to fuck off?" "Did you really mean it?" "I feel sad and hurt by it can you remind me that you didn't mean it?" "Ok" I got over it once he reassured me that yes it has nothing to do with me, he was in a crap mood and shouldn't do that when I'm being nice, he's a jerk he's sorry.I thought about this too — I think it's inevitable for us to relate to our aux function when discussion our inner worlds. Can't wait to see the rest! :-)No way! I don't enjoy it at all, haha. 

I laugh and joke about it to remind myself that it's all in the past...it would hurt otherwise :-)Sounds like ENTJ to me.My individualism is marked by my collectivist nature? 😅

I really don't think anyone would consider themselves a **true** collectivist. As much as I enjoy fostering the collegiate spirit, togetherness, and a sense of belonging in people around me, I am still a selfish, self-motivated individual who will prioritise myself over others. 

In fact, for me, simply wanting to be a collectivist/ selfless in itself can be a selfish, individualistic trait. 

Consider my ISFJ boyfriend and I - Fe v Fe - we kind of annoy each other, because he wants to please me and wants me to enjoy it, but I also want to please him and want him to enjoy it. When he doesn't allow me to please him because he wants to please me, I am frustrated and find it selfish?! (Wtf mental gymnastics.) In the end, we end up trying to out-please each other because of our selfish desire to feel needed, and to want to provide for our loved ones as much as we can. Selfish about being selfless, in this sense.

I wonder if this makes sense at all, and if any other FJ-FJ pairs can relate... 😅I am constantly categorising. People, needs, things, memories, places, tasks, and others. 

My mind is constantly assessing all my human interactions with others, and deriving the best possible way to respond appropriately. It's neither tiring nor difficult though, I feel like I am on autopilot and the world is a wonderful place that I can neatly classify :-)

On **categorising people**, I wrote this on another post:

In general, we make judgements about people really quickly. I will, within 5 minutes of speaking to you, categorise you in my head. 

Some categories are: "wow potential best friend", "kinda good friend", "eye candy", "bro bud", "shit is this girl my lost sister", "can't click", "fun friend but not deep conversations", "tough nut to crack but will try", **"shit I wanna date him", "love of my life", "wow he would make a good husband"**.

I sort people based on my judgment of my own needs, values, attraction level, chemistry, and my projection of the trajectory of our best possible relationship. 

This can be felt in a snap, thanks to Fe (accuracy in assessing people relative to my world) and Ni (checking if they align with my own life ideologies). I haven't found my sorting to be wrong or inaccurate.

I make sure to be my best authentic self with everyone but also send clear cues/ signals to all of them. Basically, I behave accordingly. I am only flirtatious to those in the bolded categories. It doesn't make sense to me to be cutesy to the "bro buds" or the "can't clicks" or the "tough nuts to crack but will try".

Often times, **because I send out clear cues/ signals, these people also respond in kind and therefore we maintain relationship optimality within my little categories.**
:') So darn sweet... Lucky girl you.&gt; But in countries like, say, Japan it will be the Fe users who adopt the most collectivistic attitudes.

Not always. 

When you view Japan as Japan the country, you can consider them true collectivists. When you pick out individual Japanese people, I don't think you'd find one who is a true collectivist. 

Fe, Fi, Ti, whatever...people are all self-motivated. If one considers himself a true collectivist, and especially in a setting that contradicts it, isn't he clearly an Individualist too?

Funnily, I am a Fe user in a *very* conservative Asian country. We are a democratic country marked by communitarianism — aren't anywhere close to being liberal. Community before self, family is the most important unit, be kind to our neighbours...yet I can tell you that not one of my loved ones would consider themselves collectivists.

What is boils down to, I think, is that collectivist vs individualist are not antithetical.

Also: as to Fe users being collectivists about individualism, the assumption you made is that Fe users are natural collectivists...which is not true. Fe tends to enjoy harmony but it does not equal harmony. Besides, it depends on the context and is a matter of scale. I could care less about the harmony of my bigger friend group; I only hope for no-conflict amongst my closest ones.I think it is ideal to the extent that it does not infringe on the individual rights and freedoms of the people involved.&gt; "you suck" "qt with a bootee" "human dumpster fire" "i could go on a road trip with you"

Lmao these would work too! You're always welcomed at /r/ENFJ! 😊You're arguing from the perspective that I was agreeing with the quote in the context of Marxist communism, but I really wasn't. There's no fight here; our views are not incompatible. Self first, collective later.Sure, if you envision the classification at a higher level of abstraction, I would agree. Then I would consider myself a collectivist too.Beautiful! :-)Hey, I'm ENFJ/f, with a very close childhood friend, INTJ/m. 

8 years ago, we promised to work hard to get into the same law school and build our lives together, ...and here we are today :-) Not together, but in the same law school nonetheless.

Sorry about the seemingly irrelevant context, I promise it will make sense.

Here's the issue. He is pretty classic INTJ if there were ever one — extremely perfectionistic, expects nothing short of the best of himself (only As, no Bs), extremely dejected by perceived failures, rather depressive, very philosophical. This guy would work till he dies!

He looks to me when things get rough in school, and I get all of that. I can provide support and emotional validation. He can be so tormented regardless, and I don't know how else I can help. 

My question is, how do I help him **let go**? Were you ever this way? If so, at what point did you let go?&gt; allow him to see himself through your eyes and for precious few moments calm the storm inside him

Worded absolutely beautifully :-) I certainly do not mind, AT ALL! I adore the dude to pieces. Now I know why he enjoys forwarding all his best essays to me 😂

Thanks for your wonderful reply. It makes a lot of sense. Maybe next time, I will also help him embrace the fact that he is the way he is. Kinda counter intuitive isn't it, it's like you guys have to make peace with your tormenting yourselves. It always seems to be worth it tho :-)You're not probing, don't worry :-) Those are valid questions.

&gt; so your labels, assigned in 5 minutes, set limitations on the way you treat others or the way you are receptive to them? 

Usually, my categories are set and unlikely to change. I don't exactly limit the way I treat them, as I treat everyone fairly and nicely (unless they are shitheads). Here, my limits = I just don't flirt with everyone. I'll explain it below.

&gt; How do you account for the aspects that you don't know about someone? e.g. if someone is in the 'can't click category' and they later show a side to them that puts them in the 'love of my life' category, how do you balance things out so that your categories and subsequent behaviors don't kill any potential?

I don't have to account for those aspects. They come when they come, then I switch if necessary. However, Dom-Fe implies that we read people unconsciously well, and thus far, I haven't been wrong. I don't have to know a person's entire resume before deciding whether we can vibe well; non-verbal communication is EVERYTHING. 

An exception: I've had an ENTJ ex turn from "bro bud" to "I could marry this man", but it took 3 years for me to realise that. This only happened because I personally was going through some changes in those 3 years.

&gt; by best authentic self do you mean the best part of your authentic self that aligns well with who you are dealing with? where does authenticity come from? is it characterized by the way that you choose to deal with others in the moment or by the way in which you would generally treat someone of a particular nature? 

Authenticity comes from within. I don't know why they say Fe-doms are "fake" and have no sense of self, because I am pretty set on my own values and beliefs. That view is just nonsense to me.

By best authentic self, I mean me in my default mode — warm, relaxed, happy. That's not fake; that's just my personality. If you're nice, it's easy for me to show myself to you. If you're not nice, I will give you the most generous assumption I can and still be me, but I am firmer, and on high alert.

So you could see my authentic self as a core. It is, emphatically, NOT influenced by others. Where my categories come in is they determine *how* this core is shown. Warm relaxed happy, or warm relaxed happy in high alert mode (to shady liar), or warm relaxed happy and flirtatious (to love of my life), or warm relaxed happy but like a parent (to my parents).

&gt; i can see how treating others differently would seem to show one to have many contradictory aspects of themselves. if you go by your feelings in the moment, how do you deal with 'inappropriate' feelings or inclinations and what makes a particular action or code of conduct 'right' in that situation?

I haven't encountered any contradictions thus far; I think understanding it as "core + how the core is to be shown" can explain that. 

I don't experience any inappropriate feelings really. When they are in their categories, it's like I unconsciously psyche myself to believe these categories as well. It's not like a "can't click" will move to a "fuck buddy" in a snap or something, haha. "Can't click"? I will be dry as the Sahara desert then, LOL!

Hope that makes sense, I just woke up :-)Thank you for all the work done! Very interesting to read :-)

I have a little TLDR for myself; 

* The ExFxs tend to rate friendships and relationships highly, whether or not these relationships are continuing or have ended.

* The stereotypical "Golden pairs" have rather average results. INTPxINFJ, ENFPxINTJ, for example.

* There is a significantly greater number of INxx responses over ESxx responses, so findings might not be generalisable.&gt; **INTP**x**INFJ**  and **ENTP**x**INFJ** relationships seem to be both quite popular and well rated no?

Oops, you're right! I wrote this when I just woke up and I think I meant to write in another pairing, but can't remember which it is now 😂Hi twenty pikachus :-) I am very sensitive to lyrics. Probably because I'm a words of affirmations person.I'll start!

ENFJ — I like any thing or plan that is thoughtful, sentimental, wordy (hehe words of affirmations) or involves my favourite people. 

My favourite birthdays/ gifts were: 

* my boyfriend bringing my best girlfriends to surprise me on my 21st birthday; we then had a happy afternoon chatting, playing, and picnicking in my favourite garden :-)

* going to the zoo with my best friend who shares my birthdate and birth hospital; free admission for birthday girls and we each had to wear a "I'm a birthday girl!" badge in the zoo

* a quiet simple night in with my family and boyfriend

* small bottles of sand taken from all over the world, gifted by a friend who could never stay in one spot for too long but wanted to share what his life was like :-)

* a diamond necklace jointly purchased by my mother and boyfriend; I wear it 24/7 because I want the world to know that I'm their bitch 

* my first coming-of-age branded bag bestowed upon me by my big sister; she told me it was finally time for me to be a big girl

* a snow globe from Europe from my other best friend who said she thought of me when she saw it.I know. I'm not treating it like the bible. Just looking for general inspiration and am curious if there are any common threads amongst people of the same type!Ultimately, my question is just for fun, I should have tagged it as that. I'm sorry if it rubs you the wrong way.

Stereotyping sucks and is often counterproductive, and I get that. But isn't the whole objective of typology to offer *some* degree of generalisation?

At the highest level of abstraction, we all have birthdays. Maybe we all might enjoy some sort of acknowledgement of that, no matter how small.

At the mid level is where typology comes in. Surely there is a high likelihood that another ENFJ like myself would enjoy sentimentality, and people-oriented activities for their birthdays. It's not a strict rule, it's not even a guide. It's an "oooh, my ENFJ has said that before too" or "nah, my ENFJ isn't like that, discard."

Then, at the lowest most individual level, it all completely depends on the individual's preferences.

Even asking people of the same hobby, while more specific than typology, is a survey done on a mid level of abstraction. I will still consider all options and retain or discard according to my knowledge of my loved ones.

Who knows, at the end of the day I might read this thread and conclude — yeah typology doesn't say shit about things like that. It is still something that I am curious about and think is worth exploring, for me.I understand :-) 

Awhile back someone was talking about his or her awareness of physical discomforts and a bunch of people concluded that that is Si and cannot possibly be another function. Or that one couldn't possibly be unartistic if they were an ISFP. 

Things like that are unbelievable to me too. Resultantly, I find myself drifting away from the theory everyday...yet every once in awhile someone makes a completely brilliant comment and it tickles my curiosity enough to continue exploring it.

Anyway, It's always very helpful when you point it out, so don't stop! 🤗🤗🤗I understand :-) And of course, it'll make for an interesting read!Whatever it is seems more like immaturity than incompatibility... 

I actually think all types can have good relationships as long as they appreciate rather than despise the differences. My ENFP best friend is staunchly religious whereas I ENFJ am agnostic :-) There is a good understanding between us that we are both different and not one is better or wiser than the other.

I'll play anyway. 

How did you decide INFJ over INFP?

What was your friendship dynamic before things went sour?Would love to hear about Tert Se in ENTJs and ENFJs. I heard it makes us think we are superheroes.Hahaha, I wish! I think Tert-Se gives us a false sense of bravado 😂Cool. I see this in my ENTJ boyfriend and a little in myself too. 

The ability to "see everything" is how I definitively typed my ENTJ professor. His eyes dart to students who chew a little loudly, type when he's not saying an important point, or are whispering just a hair too much.The internet is a safe haven for INxxs and mistyped INxxs. You're not far off!Hello! 

I think it might be easier to determine your dominant function, can I try?

* Describe yourself, how you interact with the people around you, and what role you play in their lives.

* Do you ever feel misunderstood? If so, how? If not, why do you think that is?

* What's your love language?Hi, Fe-dominant here. I might be able to answer your question :-)

At the risk of sounding like a bitch: TBH, Fe in xxTPs (tert and inf) always seems...haphazard to me. In kind of a "I know I'm shit at it but I'll try anyway" way. It's kinda cutesy and endearing. Whereas Fe in IxFJs (aux) feels a little, to no different, to me. 

I'd imagine this is how the high-Se types view my little Se 😂

**Warning, rather TMI conversation as example 1:**

INTP FWB: I met a new girl recently. She is really...uninhibited. Would you want to join us in a threesome?

Me: Nah it's ok :-) Not my thing currently and won't be for awhile. Have fun!

INTP: Really? She's bi and finds you cute though... And I have this crazy connection with her...just like I had that connection with you (objectively speaking, he and I know this is not true lol)

I knew he was trying to manipulate me in a sense, but I wasn't annoyed or grossed out or anything. I had the impression that he was really trying to persuade me by appealing to my need for an emotional connection, but he wasn't doing it too well haha 😅

**Example 2:**

ENTJ, ENTP, and I were ordering food in our school canteen.

ENTP was hungry as fuck. His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy.

ENTJ and I know that ENTP is a cougar charmer. He is the handsome sunshine smile of this canteen, at least, in the hearts of the little old ladies who serve us food. He walked up to the stall and said "hey pretty miss how are you doing? The weather is so good isn't it a pity that you pretty ladies have to stay in??"

The 50-year-old ladies laugh, play along to his flirtations, and give him a larger portion. Bingo. ENTP wins.

It's like he knows he's being a smartass when he does it, and everybody knows he knows it, but it works anyway. I find this to be rather common among my ENTP male friends. They simply can't hide their sass and can't not use it to their advantage.

**Edit, example 3:**

ENTJ, ESTP, and I at lunch after working out.

ENTJ (my boyfriend) and I were enquiring about ESTP's latest sexcapades.

ESTP: Nothing much man. Tinder has been a fail recently.

Me: Oh? Why? I thought you were dating xxx?

ENTJ: Ya what happened to her?

ESTP: You see, I am tired of playing. When I meet girls like xxx on Tinder, I will chat with them first. Then on our first dates, I will deliberately make it rather awkward for them.

ENTJ and I: HUH WHY?

ESTP: You don't get it bro. Girls are all this way. You have to let them down on the first date and then slowly build back up. They will think you have growth. You want to grow on them man. That's how you get the girls.

ENTJ: No.

Disclaimer: I know these do not apply to all TPs, but these were some standout experiences I had that made me think, ah, this is one to remember. Seems to be relevant to the question asked, too :-)Great answers :-)

I'm leaning towards INFJ.

I find that ISFJs tend to have a reputation as the most sociable/ likeable introverts, and I find that to be true. They have an air of lightness about them, to the point where you would think that they never ever hurt, which is very untrue.

It's not the say that INFJs are not likeable; they are just wayyy more cautious and withdrawn. Therefore, INFJs seem to be more easily misunderstood, conflicted, and it shows. This "broodiness" is what shows, and I find it very characteristic of Ni.

What do you think?It's polyamory, love :-) Polygamy refers to marriage to multiple partners. Polyamory refers to the practice of having more than one partner :-) 

Great question anyway, I've been asked this before, so I'll transplant the answer here below!

I can't speak for every ENFJ, but I can think of reasons why many ENFJs might be, or might not be.

Why ENFJs might be:

* Immeasurable love for people

* Certainty of life choices because of long-term foresight

* Comfortable with exploring our own feelings

* Wise about setting personal boundaries

* (As an extension of the previous point) High likelihood of managing social circles in a way that only attracts "healthy" like-minded people

* Tendency to question rules by social institutions

* Tendency to indulge ourselves, "jump in and try", instead of hesitating

* Adept at managing social ethics

* Comfortable with complete transparency in communication

* Good at "compartmentalising"

* Affectionate and expressive (partners would not feel lesser)

I can't explain WHY I'm poly, because I just am. I love people the same, and I find it artificial to separate them into different categories like - familial, friendly, romantic... Anyone I love becomes family anyway.

However, I can explain why poly works for me. I'm agnostic. My ENTJ boyfriend is as social, people-loving, and open-minded as I am. He's agnostic. We started out monogamous, and we knew we would be together for the long haul — therefore, we always knew that we wanted to live life together, and experience everything to the fullest extent. 

We don't hide anything from each other — we are the kind of impulsive people who spit it out and address it instead of allowing any bad feelings to ruminate. We've never had trust issues or jealousy issues, because we love each other too much to let those things affect us.

ENFJs who are staunchly religious will have the same traits, except it will operate in a monogamous fashion, I would imagine. The same reasons that make it easy for me to be poly, will make it easy for another ENFJ to be happily monogamous, you know what I mean? :)

But yes, I do think that it would be easier for ENFJs to navigate polyamory, over the other types. A lot of it must have to do with our extraversion, being expressive, and taking the initiative. So it might seem that a lot of us are poly, haha :PI can't stop stressing myself out 😞

I set daily little work deadlines and goals for myself — every day is chase, catch, then set again. My mind is always thinking of the next deadline. It is terrible for my anxiety but I can't help being a worrywart.

By the time I go to sleep, I am shocked awake by panic attacks anyway. Fuck anxiety.HAHA! Noooo I was with you until you self-jerked at ExxP... I can be quite an asshole not gonna lie&gt; I don't have any disorders

Hmm...Hey asshole!

Sincerely, Asshole 2Why not? Most ExFJs I know (including myself) are quite irritable, even if not exactly fast-tempered.Sounds like ESFJ to me! Only second best?! Pfft! I think both ISFJ and ESFJ deserve to share the top spot :-)ESFPs tend to be charming, succinct, hardy, grounded (Se)

ENFPs tend to be off-beat yet relatable, talkative, goofy, child-like (Ne)You do sound quite NTP. I lean towards ENTP than INTP.&gt; You get cookies but they're the brittle store-bought variety. So ya eat those &gt;:C

Hahahahaha hilariously petty. Cute.I'm so sorry. I wish you and your family love and light in this tough time.

To answer your question, no, I am terrible at it. My favourite aunt and grandma passed a few years ago, and I thought that was the most emotionally scarring periods of my life. 

I hate it all. Hospitals, funerals, the crematorium. Additionally, Chinese processions for deaths are incredibly scary and traumatic. The chanting, the views, the having to look at the fucking coffin go into the incinerator, the crying. Fuck it all really.

If you see me, you'd think I'm totally fine. I'm always happy, welcoming those who come to the hospital, to the funeral, cheering up my loved ones. I feel a dull sense of emptiness inside though. 

I guess I never really face the pain when it's all happening. It is in the weeks, months, years after that I remember my late loved ones, and then cry about missing them to myself or to my boyfriend. Otherwise, when the funeral is over, I will have put it down and moved on too. I love my family members forever, and I think about them all the time, but in some way, I am good at shutting that chapter of my life to protect myself.LOL. I don't disagree... I just noticed that we are easily frustrated by (and haphazard about) the nitty gritty, and tend to take short cuts as much as we can. Not the best. Our own brand of laziness :-)Sounds like most xSFJ men I know. They are the best! I lean towards ISFJ. 

Extremely practical, very rational, loves servicing their partners, silly flirtatious humour, affectionate if they like you. They also plan very well and are very accountable.It might be because I have Ni, but I actually find it easy to spot Ni.

Broodiness, intensity, caution, slowness, observation, reflection, rhetorics, complexity, metaphors. All these to be viewed in tandem than on their own (as some are reflective of the other introverted functions).

Of the introverted functions, I actually find Ni to be the most idiosyncratic. As in, its *content* is impossible to define, and one Ni-dom will differ greatly from another. They all speak their own languages.

Whereas I think it is way easier to find commonalities between Fi and Fi, Ti and Ti, and Si and Si.Wow, I never noticed that! 

I think it's hard to argue that it's not *entirely* MBTI though. They diluted the MBTI, and added a new dimension to it, but it still follows the lettering of the types. Which is annoying.

It's attractive to people because it's simplified, cutesy, makes people feel good about themselves. I don't like it because it is responsible for most mistypings.This is true in my experience too! However, I think it is only this accurate if the answerer is very certain of their own personality/ are very predictable.Where did you read that one wouldn't give it proper thought?Yeah this is right! Harsh and pointed but *definitely* not "roll off your tongue" fast.Lol, they actually like and respect each other. Huge age factor though.My ENTJ:

* **never gives up on anything.** Whether it is work, my anxiety, or when he fucked up and has to make amends. He's a fighter like I am, and he never avoids situations that make him feel uncomfortable.

* **is savage as fuck!** He speaks his mind, jokes at the expense of others a lot, including myself, but I really don't mind it. In fact. I fucking love it. He is the healthy dose of reality that everyone needs.

* **takes charge.** As an ExxJ too, I'm tired man. I'm tired of taking care of people all the time. It's nice to have someone who would just be the boss of me for once.

* **is loyal and reliable.** Once he has committed, he's in it forever. I'm annoyed at him right now but ok I still really love him.

* **is very open-minded.** Heck, we're polyamorous, LOL. He never judged me when I told him I suspected that I was; he just smiled and told me that he always knew. As a corollary, more love and more sex for everyone, win win!

My ISFJ:

* **is the gentlest giant.** Man this dude is massive, has about 50kg/ 110lbs on me, but his touch is akin to a speck of dust kissing the morning sunlight. I think it comes with being a sensitive soul.

* **genuinely cares about people.** I am so proud of and inspired by his dedication to the people around him. I feel so loved and so taken care of. He will make a great husband and father.

* **is always calm and rational.** Self-explanatory!

* **shows love consistently.** I realised how much effort it actually takes to keep up with the kind of love he gives. Dropping me little messages, keeping track of how much supplements I have and buying more for me, remembering my entire calendar, while working and shit. It is so easy and natural to him. Superman indeed.

Unrelated to type:

Both are big and sexy motherfuckers LOL oops is this too much? I could never stop being attracted to the both of them. There's something sexy about men who can technically crush you like an ant, but you know they want to be delicate with you. Swoon.Outsider's view here!

My closest girlfriends are (me) ENFJ, INFJ, ENFP, and ENFP. We've been close for 9 years!

Although we are all close, it's very clear that the 2 ENFPs are very tentative around each other.

They definitely share competing world views — one is a classic good Christian girl who has a sort of controlled freedom, the other is a party girl who has definitely made some mistakes.

They need time to warm up whenever they see each other, even after so many years. I find them to be more similar than they think, but they seem not to understand each other. They aren't very attuned to each other at all, which makes for some awkward situations, especially for INFJ and I.

When it comes to directly conflicting world views, they kind of go back and forth asking questions and "testing" each other, sometimes not being careful with their words. INFJ and I would have to mediate and rephrase for them to put in the right words. Then, they usually both slowly retreat because they realise that the conversation is never going to end with a compromise or understanding.

Fi v Fi can be difficult, it seems.Hooray! How fun is non-monogamy huh! :P So much fun within control.

Iirc you're 22 as well aren't you? So I can totally understand the excitement...not overrated at all :'-) I've been feeling too happy and so blessed, 2016 has been a great year for self-discovery :-)&gt; extraverted feeling (more likely to feel judged if others think they're poor)

Puh-lease I would rather be judged for being piss ass poor than for being a gold digger 😣 I'm too guiltable and sensitive to ever treat someone as means to an end.

That said; while my first thought was Se too, functions never stand in isolation. *Even* if there is some correlation on the whole, I don't think it's ever fair to attribute gold digging behaviour to any type. We could definitely argue for *how* every type would be successful as gold diggers though ;)I think the term "gold digger" has a negative connotation that is not in the same way/ on the same level as sugaring. 

For the record, not only do I think there is nothing wrong with sugaring, I actually support and am interested in it 😊Don't feel bad about posting it, you're probably making a lot of people who feel just as you do, feel well that they are not alone in this. I am proud of you for posting it.

I do not share your troubles, but I can say one thing (that is true in my own experience): **people are much kinder than we think, especially if we are vulnerable first.**

When I was newly diagnosed with anxiety and did not know how to deal with my panic attacks in public, I often approached strangers to say: *"Hello, I am sorry for bothering you, but I am having a panic attack now and I need to talk to someone to calm down, would you mind talking to me?"* You know, I have been met with kindness every single time! That taught me a great lesson on how, truly, people are not as bad as we perceive them to be. If everyone dared to be vulnerable, and to ask for what they want even if they are scared, I think we would have a much better world :-)

In the same way, you don't have to be afraid of voicing your thoughts. You own as much space in this world as anyone else does. If your ideas are rejected, it is not your fault; it is just a compatibility issue and you just have to find like-minded people to go back and forth with :-)

And you can PM me if you ever need someone to talk to!I think you probably do have a lot of friends, but they aren't real because they aren't **realised** yet. When you dare to become vulnerable to them first, they will start peeling off their layers too... :-) Then they become real!

I think that's why self-deprecating humour is so popular with Fe dom/auxs; it is a good way to let someone know about us and also let them feel comfortable in themselves, like "hey she's actually quite strange, I am too!" When you are an open book, you will tend to let many people in!

Also, you can also PM me if you ever need anyone to talk to, too!! Goes out to everyone really, though man, I gotta say, I can be REALLY bad at replying sometimes 😅Yeah, we tend to be quite optimistic about that. It hasn't bitten me in the ass to be this way though. I am judgemental and cynical as fuck, don't get me wrong, but I really do try to make the most generous assumptions about people, if I can. (Some people are really fucktards though)

You are indeed very suspicious of Fe users, and I think that is a manifestation of the source of the problem: **you don't trust people**. It does not matter what my answer to your questions are, you still would not trust me. It is less about me and my type, and more about how you perceive my type. If you met someone who is a Fe user and really clicked with them, are you going to put your walls up, or perhaps change your perception?

For the record, it will not be a pity conversation. I am intrigued by you as a person and I would want to know how your mind works. If I can help you see things in another way, and you can help me too, then maybe we have opened our minds to more than we already know :-) I just enjoy helping people feel peaceful about themselves.

This is one thing I see a lot on /r/MBTI that I don't quite understand - you meet people of the same type who rub you the wrong way, and you become skeptical of all the others, because they share their type. Isn't the whole point of learning about typology, to understand and bridge differences? Or is it to learn these differences to justify your avoidance of them? It is ridiculous to me, because people are way more than their types.

My ENTJ ex boyfriend burned me and hurt me in every way possible, but he is still my good friend today, and I continue to enjoy and love ENTJs. My narcissistic sister is an ENTJ as well, and she has hit me, called me "fuckface", and all that jazz. I still love her. Not because I'm a pushover, but because I refuse to become a bitter person. I refuse to close doors to other people just because some have set a not so good example. Oh, I understand now, I apologise for that. It makes sense, there's nothing wrong with not comfortable with offers like that. To be honest, I probably wouldn't take up such an offer too, lol. Maybe more because I don't like recounting my issues to strangers.

That's quite a *meh* thing to experience...I guess if you've tried everything, then it might really not be about you and about finding the right people :-) My experience with ENTPs is that they tend to be able to slot themselves into any situation and douse the conversation with their own interesting flavour. I would say though that the one thing you have is super self-awareness. You also seem to have an ultra loving boyfriend, so you do have quite a bit going for you :P&gt; So my advice to a P in today's world would be to embrace your spontaneous nature and not beat yourself up for procrastinating.

Yup. 

It is painful to be shackled in by the desire to have structure. To be organised. To beat my own deadlines. To pursue perfection in things that do not matter, just because it all has to be in order.

I think it is the source of my anxiety and I wish I could be as free-spirited, and "whatever comes, comes" as you guys.I have felt this for a very long time, too. 

At the end of the day, I can only reconcile this conundrum by **thinking of MBTI as just a small fragment of any given human being** — we are made up of more than our cognitive functions, and these extra things are what causes these "inconsistencies". Typology can only account for so much.

In a way, I guess I am taking MBTI with a pinch of salt. I definitely do not discount the possibility of me looking back at this and thinking "damn this is so absurd." *shrugs*Exactly. xNTP banter is cute but not my thing.No. This is typical human behaviour. Sometimes you want to be left alone, sometimes it is pressing and you need to get it settled. I have done both and so have my Fi friends and partner.I disagree, I find these distinctions very tenuous to make. 

Often times it is my ENTJ who wants to avoid confronting his feelings/ talking about it. Avoiding conflict that is directly related to me makes me (makes everyone, really) feel extremely anxious because I know something is unresolved and someone out there is mad at me.Sorry, but what are subtypes? 😅Ah okay, thank you so much :-)Descriptions do not tell you much at all; in fact, they are often over flattering. I think the traits you mentioned can fit so many NF/ SF types.

Look into the functions:

ENFP: Ne Fi Te Si

ENFJ: Fe Ni Se Ti

Read up on the functions. Both types may appear similar but are ultimately, too different.This is not exactly an MBTI thing but I will try and answer anyway!

&gt; insecure, shallow and controlling. 

&gt; He says she's kind and empathetic, but so far I've seen a sweet demeanor and big displays of affection when I'm around. She likes expensive gifts and grand gestures and I'm failing to see how great of a person she is. 

These are problems number 1 and 2. One, you have made a judgment on their relationship (I understand why, but you technically have no place to do so) and two, you have made a judgment on her.

You want to win her over? It starts with you, not her. She has everything to lose and you have none; in other words, her skepticism (while OTT) has more of a basis than yours does. If she really is an ISFJ, I bet you she would already know that you are skeptical of her. 

Firstly, **start with making the most generous assumptions about them and her** — as much as you can. If you are interested in typology then you understand that your differences with her are differences and neither one is right or wrong. When you appreciate her for her differences, she'll let down her defences, too. You call her shallow and insecure? Maybe some people just need more reassurance than others. We've all been there before.

I don't know about y'all introverts man but you always require someone to be completely vulnerable before you would even step out into the sun. 2 introverts with preconceived notions of each other? Disaster. Make the first step, if you can.

Secondly, **be straightforward and respect her boundaries**. She wants no contact between you and ESTJ, 0 on a scale of 1 to 10, and you want a 7 or 8? That's a little too high to win her over, imo. Start low and small and make sure your interactions with him are transparent to her.You're a little Special_Snowflake aren't you.Tautology maximus, my friend..."Entertaining" is a very subjective term 🤔Oh man, what a great song! Thanks for the introduction. You would love Fink, if you like The National ☺️You can start with "Looking Too Closely" or "Too Late" :)I'm not sure, but I'm an ENFJ and I'm visual too. I tend to say "I SEE what you mean", "I can SEE your point of view". I also have to look up a lot when I'm visualising something.* ENFJ

* ISTJ

* INFJ

* ESTPIn NLP, we learn that **how a person speaks** and **what words she uses** hints at her visual/ auditory/ kinaesthetic preference. 

An auditory person is more likely to unconsciously say, "I hear you", and a kinaesthetic person is more likely to say, "I think I can grasp what you're saying."

Also, a visual person tends to look up when thinking. Auditory person will look left/ right.In what universe is Taylor Swift an INFP O.O Genuinely curious about how you see it.The traits you describe are attributable to her mediated persona, and not her real personality. 

I also wouldn't consider her a Ne user at all, she's very Se. Grounded, pointed, imposing demeanour. Not transient or floaty.You mean Obama isn't an ENFJ?!?!?! 😭ENFJ, graduating soon, you have my dream job. Although I would like to first start from the other side of the coin :-)You are an average of the 5 persons you spend most of your time with.

Don't keep those who aren't worth it.Thank you, but my legal system here has done away with jury trials ☺️Both will not conflict unless Fe is incredibly imposing **(Your lifestyle is not normal and you should reassess it)** and Fi is incredibly selfish **(I don't care what you all think about what I did because I feel justified)**.

* Fe needs to stop thinking there is an objective morality to be adhered to and just let people decide for themselves. 

* Fi needs to stop living in a self-absorbed bubble, believing that their reality is the only truth.

I have experienced both annoying Fe and Fi, so I know... Disclaimer: not necessarily manifestations of Fe/ Fi in and of themselves, just a trend I've noticed.

ESFJ close friend denounces my polyamorous relationships because she is Christian and "marriage is about one man and one woman"; she believes my boyfriends will one day be enticed away by other women and doesn't understand why I want to "fuck it all up" like that. 

xNFP friends constantly lead poor unknowing guys on because "I don't care about signals I send, I am bubbly and cute and happy so I will just be me, if he misunderstands it's his issue." Two weeks later, rants and rants about having to deal with unwanted attention, asking for help as to getting rid of the guy.

Among other things. Both grate my gears.You know, I really don't know. 

For instance. I was definitely rubbed the wrong way when my ENFP friend suggested that I should get tipsy before losing my virginity — she believes that all persons should lose their inhibitions that way. It is *such* an outlandish belief to me but she insisted that I do it because "it works". 

I explained to her that I'm not that kind of person, that life is not just a wild ride for me and I take calculated steps in everything I do because I'm uptight like that — "yes and that's exactly why you need the alcohol to loosen up!" Her own voice is so strong in her head, (however wrong it is to me sometimes), that it is impossible to snap her out of her beliefs.

I want her to just let ME live! I think Fe and Fi can both be similarly imposing in this "please do what I do" sense. So maybe it's not so much about listening, as much as it is about being receptive to other people's point of view. 

I noticed that Fi-doms who have not adopted a "life is about tolerance and acceptance" ideology will be more prone to be isolating and exclusionary in this way. The fact that you're asking the question signals that you are self-aware, so I doubt you have this problem.If it doesn't concern you, you don't need to deal with it. If it does concern you, deal with it by just doing you. 

Normal Fe people will not interfere unless they *perceive* that you need help. Young immature Fe believes there is only one right way to live life. I could care less about an acquaintance acquiring a habit of vice. But when I see a close friend "acting out of character" after a bad breakup, you betcha I'm going to get her ass out of the dumpster.I edited my comment above, maybe that would help. If you don't mind sharing, what is this concerning? 

You don't have to give details, I'm just trying to understand the context. I think it matters whether it's "don't take drugs!" or "don't play video games!"Sure :-)!Thank you and /u/secretlyawizardguy! Much love 😘I am definitely a friend slut 😂

I can explain the phenomenon you are speaking of. I sometimes "feel collectively". When it happens to someone I'm not close to, I get feelings of pride, joy, respect, admiration. Like as if the person in question is representing all we achieve to be.

When a schoolmate wins an international moot, it makes my heart so happy. One freshie in my faculty qualified for the Rio Olympics in Track and Field and I definitely teared up. 

When one wins, I feel like everybody wins. That's why I judge people who get jealous of other people's success, especially if it's someone close. Oops 😅Yeah, I definitely think everyone is a mix of tolerant and judgemental; I don't think one person is fully one or the other. In that scenario, I was just really frustrated. I appreciate her free spiritedness but I will never conduct my life that way. That sounds incredibly annoying. You deserve a better friend. I'm sorry about the heartbreak, things will only go up from now! :-) 

Funnily, I've been in the exact scenario.

I had a rough patch with my boyfriend but we had decided to work things out soon after the quarrel. My ENFP friend also told me "Lawdoodette I think you need a break. Go sleep around and figure things out." I told her that's not me and when I have decided, I have decided. I don't ever have to work things out or "find myself" because I always know what I want. 

She said she didn't believe me, and that I should go sleep around and party. Yeah...no... To be honest, she's one of the most confused people I know, seeking down all paths and sticking to different identities now and then. I know that she sees my stability as conservative and boring.

As I mentioned earlier, I think if "tolerance and acceptance" is not in their Fi repertoire, no one can ever change their perspective. Just gotta let it be?I'm not sure we're disagreeing. That is being themselves, indeed, but at the expense of sending out clear signals. 

Some people are friendly, indeed, **but they can be overly friendly and other people who are more socially inept will be prone to liking whoever gives them attention**. You're saying that the former is acceptable while the latter is not. I disagree. 

A lot of xNFPs are good at relating to other people, and pushing their relationship boundaries. Sometimes, for the friend in my life, "being herself" entails being touchy with a socially anxious male friend who she knows is attracted to her, but who she is not attracted to. That is prioritising being herself instead of acting appropriately (or in accordance to her actual intentions of being platonic). There is nothing wrong with being a touchy person but I don't think it's too much to ask to tone things down if she knows she is leading some poor guy on.I think in this situation you were justified though :-) It's a privacy thing, not a Fe v Fi thing.Both, mostly because I'm a very predictable person. I do not understand the idea that all Fe users, relative to Fi, don't intimately understand their individual identities because we are concerned with external social nuances, it's such a silly thing to say.Of course, the closer the successful person and the closer the thing success was achieved for is to my heart, the more emotional I would feel. Close friend getting on the dean's list, stranger on tv programme saving elephants...both can incite different levels of emotions. 

Ultimately, it doesn't come down to a hard science.

So of course, I may cry at someone else's funeral. It would be incredibly saddening yet touching to witness the love between the deceased and his family members. At the same time I would think about how life would be different for them now and how I should treasure what I have. Emotional all around.

About friends...you may have to accept that ENFJs are actually capable of loving everyone. We love people, we think everyone has their own stories, everyone is their own beautiful human being waiting to be discovered, waiting to be known, complexity, intricacies, flaws and all. I want the opportunity to make all these connections. Some are fleeting, some are permanent, some are come and go, but it does not matter, as long as we shared something special once.

I don't see why you should suspect anything, because number of friends doesn't actually mean anything. I have an appetite for everyone, but there are still a few that I hold truly close. I have a great capacity to love many; it does not mean that 100 friends only get 1% of me each. I have many 100%s to give (that's why I'm polyamorous 😂)!😂 I am so embarrassed by your kindness. U r a wonderful cheerleader thank u the world needs more like uFuck fuck fuck fuck fuck shit fuck

Edit: yo swearbot where u atxNTP1: ENFJ

2: ExxP

3: ISFJMost INTJ men I know are really flirtatious! I buy it lolI mean... Some people think it's enjoyable...*I guess*...Not really... I explore my interests consistently but gradually. It's hard for me to pick up new interests because I'm so often stuck on a few that I feel like I haven't known enough of yet.This community can suck balls with its stereotypes.

Honestly, the ESTPs I've met are softer than the "gung-ho" they present themselves to be. It's not even a gooey centre, it's more of a..."I'm a big softie and if you don't get it then whatever" kind of aura. Lots of love to you guys, Merry Christmas Eve!Stop and take a deep breath. Everything will be alright! I will try to change your view.

We are all on Earth for different reasons. We all have different talents. Different causes. Different motivations.

The ENFJ's talent is social manipulation. And you know what? I'm not ashamed of it because I try my best to do good with it.

But guess what? We're not the only ones who do it. In fact, **everyone** does it all the damn time! When a wife pouts coyly when she's not allowed to have the last cookie. When a child cries to get attention. When an interviewer pauses to get you to elaborate. **All these constitute social manipulation**. Maybe, just maybe, the ENFJ is more aggressive/ adept/ nuanced in our approach.

Originally, manipulation never carried a derogatory connotation. Why should it be when everyone does it all the time? More importantly, **why are you afraid if you're not doing something bad by manipulating?**

You know what, I'm proud of the fact that I am able to manipulate. Because of the negative connotations associated with the the word, I phrase it differently. **I am naturally able to pick up on the nuanced emotional attitude of a room and control my responses to maintain high energy/ peace/ love.** 

When my introverted friend is upset but has told me before that she always hopes someone would egg her on and ease her gently into feeling comfortable about sharing, I am glad I know how to do it. 

When I meet someone who does not respect me, I am glad that I know how to come out the bigger person without making him seem like the bad cop, and also provide him the opportunity to warm to me if he turns his mind around about me. 

When my friends are in a nasty quarrel, I am glad I can reframe their mentalities and get them to see eye to eye.

When I am trying to convince my faculty members about my vision of rehabilitating paedophilic inmates instead of incarcerating them, I am glad that I can broach a controversial topic without ruffling feathers and putting a target on my own back.

So yes, people can call ENFJs manipulative all they want, but if my timid and sensitive soul can go to sleep at night with a steady heart and a safe conscience, then I have NOTHING to hide. 

**Fuck yeah I'm manipulative and I do it for my love of people, openly and proudly!**

Much love to you.Doesn't make a difference. I don't see how being Fe, dom or otherwise, makes me someone who prefers being patronised or pacified than someone who values authenticity. 

I hate this alleged distinction between Fe v Fi, I find it farcical.So can I. But because I'm a Fe-dom, I'm totally a sheeple /sHonestly... We will probably first fuck like animals 😳 Then bitch about the shitty island in our own way, before setting up our little nest, happy that we don't have to deal with anyone else.

I really like the ISTPs I've met. Something so cut to the chase, raw, and pure about them.These are definitely accurate of one (out of 2) ESFJ friends of mine. I'm currently dealing with 2) and 3) with that one ESFJ and I've noticed how jumpy I can feel around her. My experience is the very definition of walking on eggshells, and it really makes me want to cut her off.

My point is that I really am more alike to the INFJs than the ESFJs, and yet I am amazed at how different I can feel with them and even other ENFJs. Truly proves how little the theory actually defines a person.HAHA! The fact that you admitted that is hilarious. My ENTJ would say the same.Honestly? I don't disagree with them. 

The theory would lend more support if people actually stopped using it *like astrology*. People on here treat it like a personality bible of some sort, which pits it right next to where astrology is. 

No, you're not "logical for a Feeler" or "unlike others of your type", you're just a fucking human being with some semblance of logic and with your own idiosyncrasies, like everybody else. And no, none of you assholes are part of the master race. In fact, the fact that you wear it like a badge of honour shows me how incredibly entitled and socially crippled you potentially are.

The more I learn about people and the theory, **the more I realise how little of people the theory accounts for.** We as human beings are such complex and wholesome creatures that it's just impossible to (comprehensively) generalise us into 16 categories.

So yeah, I get where they are coming from. But alas, what do I know. I'm just a stupid ENFJ with "low Ti".You're conflating functions with dichotomies and therefore there is this confusion. 

Ideally, you never look at just the individual letters to first determine your type — that is the shortcut/ lazyman's way that is prone to inaccuracies. You look at the cognitive functions first. So if you're fairly certain that you use Ti and Ne, you might be INTP/ ENTP/ ISFJ/ ESFJ. Is it possible that you might suddenly become an INTJ? Most people will argue no.

The letters don't make us, we make the letters! :-)You're damn right! 👍🏻I agree that most people are predictable as fuck. 

And nowhere did I argue that the theory purports to tell us everything. I accept that it is the way it is and find it to be "enough". My issue is largely with the people who use the theory, and not the theory itself.

Additionally, was that whole shpiel diagnosing me really necessary? I think you are only half right in your assessment. You somehow assume me to be this blind people person who romanticises flaws and try to understand all shitty behaviours from the standpoint that all human beings are born with innate good.

Yes, I try to make generous assumptions about people. But no, you give me more credit than I deserve. I am not so kind as to treat them all like special snowflakes with their own complexities that make the meat for justifying their shortcomings. In fact, I am one of the most categorical persons I know, especially when it comes to people. I am finding that learning about the theory exacerbates that and I want to run in the other direction.

At the end of the day, you happen to be in the camp that believes that all the "whys" and the anomalies can be explained by cognitive functions, whereas I am not.ENFJ female with 2 close ISTJ male buddies. I absolutely adore them!

Somehow we are both really goofy together. In fact, I would say that my ISTJ male friends are even more goofy/ un-PC than I am! They really put a smile on my face when times get rough, and I will always be there for them in their extreme panic modes of needing to get things done perfectly.

One thing I particularly enjoy is how the ISTJ does not hyper-analyse people (which I think their intuitive counterparts are likely to do). My 2 friends take life, themselves, and other people "as is".

Resultantly, they volunteer information about their thoughts and feelings to me when they need a sounding board, as well as advice when I'm the one sharing — all without being suspicious of how I would respond to that information. I really appreciate that.

As a not too far off tangent, I have a hard time relating to MBTI/ Socionics theories on relationship compatibility, even if I treated them as skeletal arguments. 

To my mind, there are so many other factors that determine the success of a relationship that no theory can come remotely close to defining it.Why are they "meant to clash"? Because all our functions are inverse and we prioritise different ones too?

I find that complementary though. Personally, I love the 2 ISTJs I know! They seem very comfortable and chill with their other xNFJs too :-)I am very glad to be an ENFJ female in my severely male-dominated, Asian, very patriarchal, legal industry. 

I am confident, outspoken, brazen, ambitious — "masculine" traits — yet maternal, and people-loving at the same time. This makes it easy for me to stand up against the sexual innuendos, the gender restrictions placed on me, and makes it hard for them to not respond gracefully.

Male lawyers in my industry simply don't take younger female lawyers seriously. They objectify us as pretty boardroom wallflowers regardless of our abilities. My softer introverted girlfriends are worse off, because the worst of them men will take their shyness as coyness.

I once had a partner tell me: "If you as a woman ever want a family, you can forget about making partner." The frequency of such comments is ridiculous. Together, my girlfriends and I can compile a #shitmalelawyerssay book and make money off it lol.Shit... I do have a bright wardrobe and TONS of cardigans... I love cardigans. How'd you know? 😂Really big feet ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

Srsly tho it means Resting Bitch FaceI'm 22 and going into Intellectual Property! I'm still young but because it's extremely competitive here, we've all gone out to work in firms from the very beginning of law school.

My heart is in Family and Criminal law...but my experience (along with that of my female mentors) with male lawyers does not vary in accordance with the area of law though. It's sad. I think it's a cultural thing 😣I am in between both! Have one foot out there already because I'm attached to an Intellectual Property law firm :-)

Thank you for your recommendations. I definitely intend to do Family law in the long run and be on the court-appointed Child Representative panel! Lawyers don't get less shitty just because it's Family law though. 

I have an example anecdote for you. I was at a tea session for established family lawyers to mingle with young lawyers. My friends were really shy, so I took it upon myself to get the ball rolling. I asked questions, lightened the mood, got my friends to warm up — about 17 of us. I met one of the lawyers before; my country is very small so the legal fraternity is less than 10,000, and everyone knows everyone.

He asked us why we were interested in Family law. He looked at me first because he knew I had to speak to "break the ice", so I told him I remembered one thing he said the first time I went for a similar networking event: "Our job is to make the most painful relationship breakdowns as painless as we can", along with something else, and that both things he said really resonated with me. He immediately smirked at the male lawyer beside him, and said "WA I'd better get her number so she can remember everything I say ;)"

I was furious. If I were male, they would have been impressed at the fact that I remembered something so small that happened 3 years ago. That I was good at bringing people together. I might have been given an opportunity. Instead, a day after the session, I received a LinkedIn friend request from that same lawyer along with flirtatious greetings.

It's completely ridiculous to me how they want to be all gung-ho "oh we are cool and rich and can make fun of these pretty little things all we want" with each other at our expense, yet underlying it is their desire for our attention. 

I approached our encounter sincerely, warmly, with a true desire to learn and enquire, only to be made to feel like I should keep to myself and not be over friendly in case it is perceived as flirtation (which I am very careful to not portray).My ENTJ and I nag *together* 😂

Edit: to answer OP's question, I can attest for my ENTJ, and myself even — both our parents are softer, more conflict-averse people and often deflect "aggressive responsibilities" to usThinking about it, when we meet up with our friends it always devolves into a therapy session where we answer questions like "how to get a girlfriend/ decide on a job/ gain confidence/ etc" with the both of us piling life advice on for them while they listen and nod pensively.

At some point I always wonder if we're being too paternalistic but our friends (ISTP, ISFJ, ENFP guys) genuinely look invested in what we say... You can see their own little lightbulb "aha" moments going on behind their blank stares 😂Yeah, I kinda do that. I won't say "excusing", but more so "understanding".

Let's throw MBTI aside for a moment and just focus on the social introvert/ social extrovert dichotomy.

From this dichotomy alone I have learned to embrace the idea that people being "socially awkward"/ "lonely"/ shy/ quiet is something that is totally normal, even if it is different from myself. 

Conversely, friends who understand my extraversion will respect my way of life and stop seeing me as crazy/ too friendly/ too "switched on".

I think learning about cognitive functions just goes a few steps further and deeper than this, and there's nothing wrong with using it to explain/ bridge dissimilar perspectives. We're all built differently :-)ISTP?Inb4 some bullshit comment about Fe "not valuing authenticity for the sake of harmony" and Fi being "selfish and dumb".

Fe = other focussed = externality

Fi = self focussed = internality

I think Fe tends to be demonstrative to a large scale of people while Fi is less so.

For the most part, my values seem to mesh almost perfectly with other Fe users. That said; Fe and Fi can look alike, definitely, if their values overlap. Values and or principles like "always be kind to people", "always make generous assumptions", "always respect differences".

I think Fe v Fe is most alike, followed by Fe v Fi, then Fi v Fi (internal subjective state of minds I think will find least overlap).

You know yourself, it doesn't matter what a test says.ENTPINFPMy comment about my friendship with ISTJs:

http://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ld1j9/how_do_you_think_a_male_istjfemale_enfj/dbuvkfrCognitive functions are merely skeletal when it comes to explaining how people work. SKELETAL. Barely touches the surface. Yes! 

Not all my intuitive friends — mostly the 2 ENFPs really, are constantly asking me hypothetical questions (is it this is it that?) that I have already answered myself and need not elaborate. 

Not that it fuels my anxiety, but I just want them to understand that I **have** already considered whatever the hell they are trying to dig out of me. It's frustrating because I hardly confide in them about my anxiety (I'm like their caretaker most of the time), but when I do, it goes from them comforting me to them trying to fit my anxiety into their own narratives. Is this anyone else's experience??

I find that my ENTJ boyfriend is great at understanding me without trying to overanalyse what is happening. Same could be said about my ISFJ, ISTJ, and INFJ loved ones.

So... While I would definitely agree that Sensors are great at calming my anxiety, I think Intuitives who practice self restraint in their "diagnosis" or concern for me can invoke a cathartic effect also.You know, I think ExxJ types are least likely to want to be other types, because we're the types to think we're always right...and maybe because life and society is, in a lot of ways, structured to be a bit easier on our types.

I personally would not want to be any other type!Haha, I had the same thought!Calibri, for me, lacks calibre.Come, I will hug you.Enjoy your ability to give little fucks. It's a fucking amazing skill to have.

Source: ENFJ with ENTJ boyfriend with little fucks.Love this comment! I find that very accurate.This perfectly (yet...skeletally) describes my male ENTJ and I (female ENFJ).

&gt; her feelings still have a personal, genuine element at their core, however much it’s masked and modified to fit external conditions. ...This also isn’t a lie. It’s her real feeling of love, regardless of how impersonal her choice might seem.

:') Beautifully worded. That's to all y'all bitches who automatically assume Fe to be fake. That's right, just accept that I can love you even if I don't know you DAMMIT!Dafaq OP you are gorgeous. I also always assumed that you were about my age... 😅

[Hallo](http://imgur.com/CZrgzMl)

[It's mi](http://imgur.com/oLBXnDJ)

ENFJ 2w3 sx/so

(Ps the other ENFJs I know also have rounded, tenderly, and wide facial/ physical features.)Shit! I went to have a look and he definitely has such a similar...aura/ disposition about him to myself + an older ENFJ I know from Texas. He even almost looks like the Texan ENFJ.

For me, sx stood out immediately, while I couldn't relate to sp at all. My understanding of the Enneagram is very limited, so I probably can't comment in a way that would add value. Heh.Thank you /r/quiteafewfireflies, I appreciate it 😂☺️ Missed your commenting around here!HAHA I thank you all on their behalf 😂Lol! So cute. I would be your friend!I always say that I've always been a textbook predictable ENFJ, and looking back, I still find it to be true!

http://m.imgur.com/2AckXIq

This was fucking fun OP, what a great idea. I really recommend anyone else to do it 😘

(Ps Lena was really my best friend who got pinched daily by a bitch called Shanshan)Sounds like my ENTJ boyfriend and his INFP roommate LOL. Anyways, it depends. 

You want to roast him? That bridge will be burnt forever. My boyfriend took this approach. You probably can handle burning that bridge, but INFP will hate it. Feel attacked. Left out. That you're all there to ruin his life. INFP will get prickly. Get ready for passive aggressive behaviour on both sides for the rest of your roomies-life.

You want to improve the relationship? Tell it to him firmly but nicely. Unfortunately, based on shitty past experience (roommate leaving hairs clogged in bf's everything, allowing his alarm to ring and expecting others to switch it off for him) this will not always work. It's hard to get a selfish person to see how selfish they are. Delineate common areas strictly and do not allow him to cross the common rules for there. Give consequences for his actions. He can be messy in his own room and that's about it.&gt; I think anyone who makes a large sweeping statement like "ESFJs are shallow small-talkers" (especially about at least about 10% of human population) is an idiot.

&lt;3 Spoken like a troo bloo ENTJFuck shitty stereotypes! I love me some ESFJ men. So reliable, affectionate, honest, and accountable (nice stereotypes, lol). Big YES!My boyfriend is an ISFJ (though seasoned to be more *socially* extraverted) and I adore him to death. Something about you guys so pure hearted, genuine, and generous. Definitely less...broody than us NFJs. Much love to you.ENFJ 22F

Everything has its own place! I hardly spend time here though.

http://imgur.com/hjS34C3
http://imgur.com/lBzgbWL
http://imgur.com/Vq6iPBK
AH, my EYES...

How did it go?Personal experience.

Imagine an animated little brother trying to convince his doting, occasionally eye-rolling, older sister of his quirky little theories. Sorry about the gender specificity. I find this to be most accurate way of capturing the ENTP (m) and ENFJ (f) dynamic, but others might have different experiences.

I'll elaborate.

Generally, I usually can't even find an opportunity to put a word in. ENTPs can be so talkative! I feel like I have to speak fast to get anything in. I engage by laughing, nodding, shaking my head...but I drift off mid way sometimes. 


One topic after another. Baby Fe is apparent. Most I've met are more people-oriented/ focussed than they think. Smart alecs. Glib tongues and fun flirtations — most people see through it, but give them a free pass. 

They like encouraging their converser to banter with them, which is sweet, but I'm not very good at it. I don't do "skim across the surface" banter, I always cross into teasing territory, and almost always accidentally burn them a little too close to home, even if I genuinely mean it in a joking manner (quite a thing among xNxJs)... 

Relative to them, I just don't do lighthearted burns well, man. They probably find me a bit serious than they'd like, even if I'm usually the chirpy ass one in any given situation.&gt; Are Fe-Doms constantly concerning themselves with the atmosphere and people around them? 

Yes, but it's kind of a subconscious thing. I **can't help but pick up on what everyone is expressing**, physically, emotionally, or otherwise. The exhaustion comes from being overwhelmed with information, and not the positive act of being concerned with the atmosphere (since it is a subconscious act).

It's a blessing and a burden, because I feel obliged to remedy any bad feelings — someone feeling left out in a group, someone feeling ticked by another whose joke went too far. Generally, people really don't notice how their actions affect other people. It also sucks when I can sense minor irritations from others towards me (my boyfriend, haha).

On the other hand, it feels bloody empowering to be able to **just know** what's going on with any given person, whether or not I know them personally, as long as I'm allowed to observe them.I wish I could roll my eyes harder 🙄🙄🙄

What a great video, but shitpost. There, I disagreed with you. Shit, I guess that makes me not an ENFJ.

Srs. As a Fe dominant, I am painfully cognisant of how a person is responding to me. I am never brave enough to flirt on the edge of over friendliness. Over friendliness is disingenuous and done by people who are insecure or socially inept. 

Also, what about Fe being expressive as fuck? If I don't like you, or find your hair ugly as shit, my facial expressions will betray me. How unwise to then praise you for your ugly hair when my face does not match it.

Overall, to pitch this to Fe as an extension of the Fe = group harmony concept is /r/shittyMBTI.I have no problem being asked to address a large group on short notice but a crippling fear of talking on the phone what does that make me?? Pls help 

Anyway, I actually can relate to most things that are typically attributable to introversion. I consider myself a rather extraverted extreme homebody.

**identity crisis intensifies**What about both? Yes... I too am very observably reactive. I'm also aware that it is showing. If I don't like a person and it shows, I won't care because I don't like the person.Damn, this makes sense! You just made me realise for myself that this might really be the case!

Consider also the fact that I'm a highly visual learner/ person (can't listen to podcasts without fidgeting and needing to close my eyes first).&lt;3 Much love to you ENFP brethen&gt; It seems like extroverts are more about quantity while introverts are more about quality (as in spending quality time with someone)

Emphatically, untrue./r/shittymbtiRoast me harder baby

Srs good post A++++Any type can. All humans have difference. 

You can get two INTJs to date each other and they will still have a world of difference and issues to work through. That said; some pairs have greater differences, other pairs have less difference. 

What matters is appreciating the difference than resisting it :-) If you resent your partner for being different than you, it will never work.hayyyyyyyyy I iz an ENFJ lawdoodette graduating with an LLBhit me up when u r redy bebe &lt;3Love this!! I agree with a LOT of your typings. Some of them I don't watch so I'm not sure •ᴗ•

I always thought of Kathleen Lights as an INFP though. Shaaanxo too. 

Would be interested to see you type the Aussie/ NZ gang (Chloe Morello, Lauren Curtis, Sharon Farrell, Karima McKimmie), and the slay queen gang (Jaclyn Hill, Nikkietutorials, Jeffree Star, MannyMUA, Patrick Star), heh.A dumb way of romanticising a rather common act among all human beings. Shutting people out is not exclusive to INFJs.@ the comment about NFs getting it bad; INFPs have it the worst TBH.

OP truthfully I don't really see the hate you're talking about, but here's what I think. 

People who weed out all persons of one type just because of one (or few, or many, even) bad anecdote they have from their lives, are learning about typology to keep themselves in their safe little boxes than to understand/ appreciate differences. Don't be bogged down by what they say.

That said, INFJs are lovely.Luv your attitoooood! ♡That's very sweet of you. This sub would be a much kinder place if we all caught ourselves the way you did.I'm gonna do a post roasting Thinkers.I don't actually, I wasn't feeling bad to begin with.

I saw this coming. Someone assuming that I was doing it because I was personally *triggered* by something on the Internet (because I'm a Feeler amirite). 

Honestly pls stop shouting you are making me cryI know right, the ESTP enjoys it anyway huh. You bloody psychopaths...It's too late now :'( *cries* My life is overMaybe you should think harder.

/srs much luv to u dood I ENFJed:-) &lt;3 Back at you cutieI personally really can't TBHI'd like to see you try ;)I find it's the same with NTJs. We just don't care much for banter. Different sense of humourMiss* :-)

I think that's true for most ENTPs TBH. LOL.Honestly this was very kind 😂❤️Yes thoTBH crunchy leaves are the bombxSFJ!Yeah, they really don't. Them and ESTPs I found hard to criticise.I don't exactly know what to say. 

I'm really sorry if it all came across as hateful. As you said in your INFJ post yesterday, Feelers stereotypes get shitted on on the daily, so I did this roast in good fun. I don't exactly know the rules for roasting.

Some people said I haven't roasted hard enough, while others seem to be finding it hurtful. I wasn't intending on hurting or pleasing anyone.

For the record, I do have INTP friends and I know how hard they try to put themselves out there. I am completely aware that that one INTP does not represent the others. It is your prerogative if you think I am "below your standards" from what little information you have about that encounter and this post; I won't try to change your mind.It's okay, no hard feelings :-)

Yeah I understand what you mean; the INTP I spoke of is in that stage where he's not actually looking for a relationship. He is actually a good friend, and we have an supportive albeit interesting relationship.

And of course I don't really hate any Thinkers!! I don't think I'm capable of hating ANY type actually. It's never fair to shut people out just because of past unhappy experience with one of their types.

I criticised the fuck out of ENTJs, but my beautiful current boyfriend is one. My 2 ex boyfriends are both ENTJ and INTJ too, and I remain close with them. I have 3 close ISTJ male friends too.LMAO I recall you being an ENTJ though... 🤔You got it! I'm about to graduate from law school.***triggeredddddd***It also tells you how well Thinkers actually take criticism ;-)Can you explain how you navigate love and relationships?I'm an ENFJ and I converted from being a vegetarian (parents...) to being a dedicated meat eaterI mentioned somewhere else that banter and lighthearted burns is not something I'm good at at all, it makes sense that the Ne types are finding it harsh and unfunny. Oh well, to each his own.Classic INFPWhat, I thought the entire post is THE antithesis of an ISFJ 😳 I realised that NJs tend to tease on the edge on going a little too far. It seems impossible to not be uptight with this dang Ni. Maybe I'm immune to it because that + I feel the burn towards Feelers all day 😂Thanks, love your answers so far! I enjoy being around ESTPs and always feel like there really is something deeper than they present. I get moments like this with them, but not as verbose and candid as you are here with us.My boyfriend is an ISFJ ;-) LOVE YOU GUYSLove this video! It's accurate IME.

I speak and move a lot like you. Very facially expressive, soft deadpan when you're trying to convey something important, body is relaxed but correspondingly fidgety. You look up a lot as you're speaking, indicating that you're a visual learner? :-) I'm the same heh.

Edit: lame edit to mention that seeing Elon Musk tear up was hard man he's my favWow this was tough.

What's her relationship with the rest of your family (including their types) like, and how is her love life?&gt; Think "ISFJ that wants to learn everything"

Shit this is way accurateInitially I thought ENFJ/ ESFP/ ENFP, but with this new information I actually suspect ESFP/ ENTJ (Se + Te). The fact that she is emotionally expressive does not necessarily point towards her being a Feeler.

I might be wrong, but from your description of her, it seems that she is immature/ has narcissistic tendencies...? That might make it hard to type her.

What would an average stranger's first impression of her be?Okay, ENTJ is out. ExFP is possible; I'm leaning ESFP though.

I settled on ESFP because:

* Se-dom - brazen, confrontational, domineering (as opposed to Ne in ENFPs - I find the ones I know to be conflict avoidant) 
* Fi-aux often manifests as sort of a pseudo-introversion on first impression. When something they can relate to presents itself, it is like a switch is flipped and they can go all out, sometimes without concern of the emotionality of others due to their own immaturity.
* Se-dom/Fi-aux, if in an underdeveloped individual, can be very abrasive and unmanageable.
* Tendency to overstate Tert-Te, or believe they are above others based on weak empirical support.

In contrast, Fe-doms are very sensitive to nuances in social cues and can get very disturbed by the fact that we are the cause of some social turbulence...unless we specifically intended it. Unhealthy Fe is still keenly aware of these social cues and can be scarily (secretly) manipulative, in an I-the-martyr-is-victim sort of way. 

Anyways. On first impressions, it is the opposite here: a stranger's first impression of a Fe-dom would be that she is inviting, warm, and expressive, but with her own friends and family she shares her darkness.

What do you think?Status, infectious presence, power, (durable) materialism, argumentative, boredom, change, self-assurance/importance, reactiveAt the most general level, I settled on ExFP than ENxJ because of the whole "I am just being me and there's nothing wrong with it!" tribe. ExxJs are more concerned with fostering support from others by reframing their subjective visions into universal ideas.

&gt; While she tries to dominate people her ultra-confrontational emotionally-charged attitude, I try to do it with admiration (and sometimes fear), which is a lot more effective in my opinion. I'm also not as expressive as her because I have a strong belief in that "The best way to win an argument is not to get into one", mostly because even if I'm right people will still argue that I'm not, so I try to avoid them.

I myself can really relate to your strategy, though I think my brand of "admiration" and "fear" is much different.

You're welcome, this was interesting for me too!DAE hate idiots who go around thinking they are better than everyone because they are so *edgy*?

You must like me then, I just proved that I'm not a positive thinking ENFJ nutjob :*I was just thinking of her yesterday too...WTF I do this too HAHAHA!

When I'm the one taking the shit though, I flush whenever a bomb drops :-)Tbh my ENTJ boyfriend (and ENTJ ex) are so incapable of being gentle that it's adorableI don't know why but the ISFJs I know are the most fantastic mimers/ impersonators!This is too true 😂 I, too, have adopted a lot of introverted friends. I love them!IxFJ. Please let us know I love your contributions 😊Seconding ethical hedonism!Yes. I never understood when people say Fi can understand themselves SO well whereas Fe cannot, because there is no difference to me.

I think everyone, especially Fi doms/ aux, can be so preoccupied with being individualistic that they go through so many different phases, trying different things out to see what resonates with them the most, which might lead to some confusion.So painfully and specifically anecdotal and untrue.Meh, I can't relate to this at all. In fact I think I ATTRACT people like your friend. I agree that it's a social anxiety thing. There also seems to be more happening behind the scenes with this friend group that we don't know about.I think this is less about MBTI and more about your learning style. 

As a visual learner, diagrams (not necessarily mind maps, since they can get very cluttered) really help me. Mindmaps do absolutely nothing for aural and kinaesthetic learners; it probably confuses them.

**Edit:**

Interesting observation: My ENFP bestfriend is also a visual learner. However, her diagrams are very different from mine. 

You can SEE her stream of consciousness, and very verbose thought process in her diagrams. They tend to have many linkages and thought bubbles with question marks - that's Ne to me. 

As a Ni-aux, I am always trying to condense my diagrams in the most compact and brief form that I can. Someone looking at my diagram might not always know how to "fill in the gaps".Everyone has these moments. There are always going to people who speak slower/ elaborate more than you want them to. It is all relative. I'm sure there are people who would prefer if you spoke faster and elaborated less for them, too.

I think listening is *never* only just about gathering information for the listener. It's also about building rapport, respect, and giving empathy.

My ENTJ boyfriend does it a lot but he catches himself and apologises for it on his own. Honestly, I personally never mind it because I know he's just eager to participate in our conversation and I appreciate that. I can see how others might find it extra pesky though.ENFJ one is quite accurate. After awhile everyone treats me like mom. The good thing is that it's really easy to spot the ones with romantic potential :-)No, he's an ENTJExFPI must first caveat that I don't subscribe to MBTI compatibility theories. So I think any pairing can work, really.

That said; my ENTJ boyfriend eats up and spits out whoever is less assertive than him. He also doesn't care for people who don't represent a value-add to his life. Generally, he seems to thrive with people who dare to react, fight, and challenge him on things.

I find that he can be very impatient with his IxxP friends, especially IxFP males. He cares less about IxFP females because for him their consistent presence is not a value-add (or a decrease really, just neutral), but their banter and being in their own world can really annoy him.I am agnostic, to the extent that I am uncommitted to any position, no matter how much evidence I am presented about the existence/ non-existence of God.

Religion purports to bring people together, but I think it really is ultimately divisive because it is in the hands of fallible humans. As much as it teaches good values and morals, its teachings are also too susceptible to skewed interpretation by the unstable.

Regardless, at the end of the day, I don't care if someone is religious or not, as long as they are pure hearted and "good". To me, if one needs religion to feel like a "good person", then he or she is not a "good person".&gt;  At least religion gathers the values of many different people into something that will somehow shape into a coherent and commonly accepted model, so basically something that won't be that bad morally speaking.

The subjectivity will always be there though. Religion attempts to "control" at a macro-level, which creates deviance anyway. Whereas I think "moral-policing" might be more effective at a micro-level - families, schools, whatever - if an objective "goodness" is what you want to achieve.

And nah, I don't think that's an "NF" statement, whatever that even means. I simply don't discriminate on the basis of someone's religious affiliations. Where you share the same values and world views, religious or not does not matter.For me personally, I tell them apart by Ni/ Ne.

**Ni** manifests as being broody and focussed - sometimes even fixated, not necessarily in the best way. No matter how hard xNxJs try to be soft and silly, there is still this air of seriousness about them, as if they are holding something back. Their humour is slightly darker, teasing on the edge of going too far. Stress style: Obsessive about one perspective, withdrawn.

**Ne** manifests as an explosion of ideas childlike in a sweet manner. When xSxJs are silly they really are adorable and in the moment. Their humour is an idea after another, and can really snowball and escalate. Stress style: Unable to commit to an idea, lost in tangents and details.

Which do you think applies more to your roommate?

This is applicable to INTJ vs ISTJ, INFJ vs ISFJ, ENFJ vs ESFJ as well.Yeah INFPs are mostly such tender souls with open minds and hearts, they will get very frustrated when ENTJs shut people and routes of communication down on their own whim and fancy.&gt; ENTJs are more creative/visionary because Ni is coming up with new possibilities. ESTJs are more practice/mainstream because Si is following past events.

Nitpicky, and also not a criticism of your comment, but an ENTJ who has been burnt before and has internalised that he should not take even the calculated risks (thereby rejecting novelty in favour of what he knows works), can seem more mainstream than an ESTJ who has internalised from a young age that the only way to succeed is through constant change.

It kinda annoys me that Sensing descriptions are so bleh.Beautiful! I wish I had this attitude to be honest.Yeah, the intuitive bias/ circlejerk is sadIn times of stress, my xSTJ friends kinda jump about in a silly nervous frenzy, extraverting a lot of their thoughts and worries. They also take their time to sort out a lot of data. 

My xNTJ friends on the other hand, can get very withdrawn, in their own heads. They tend to downplay their own confusion and have a "I have it together, please don't fuss over me" or "ahhh fuck it it is what it is" kinda mentality.Cool! My ENTJ boyfriend's best friend is an ESTP. He really helps my boyfriend let loose, in a way that worries me a little sometimes, LOL. Maybe that is some food for thought in terms of how you guys can connect :-)Leave him to have some time alone first, and when he's a bit calmer, indulge him in his favourite food and past time. Could be a beer, an invite to dinner, going to the gym together. My ENTJ boyfriend and I (ENFJ) go full-Se in an unbridled way when we are stressed as fuck lmaoHmmm I think I'm pretty optimistic as a person but I wish I were more lighthearted and "live and let live". I hold myself to a terribly high standard and am quite incapable of letting go of past mistakes.

On some days "tomorrow is the first day of the rest of your life" while on other days "tomorrow is the first day to right all past wrongs/ work even harder for my actual future". My optimism does not manifest in a "I am excited for tomorrow because life may surprise me!" kind of way.But in any case, thanks for sharing, I doubt I can ever substantially change who I am, but at least it's nice to have my ENFP friends always reminding me to live a little :PFe Ni Se Ti to a T :-)HA mine is 3How has it changed how you view people, if at all?Backwards reasoning/ hindsight analysis after concluding based on your gut. Seems pretty normal &gt; Sometimes I think that her views are right and maybe sometimes it is best to look at what's "right" versus what is correct

I'm an ENFJ with a history of dating xNTJs HAHA. I wish my ENTJ boyfriend would have the kind of attitude you have. How best can I approach him and let him know that not one of us is *always* right?

I just want to say that it is apparent through your writing that you use the tool to understand people and it is admirable; too often people here use it to justify their exclusion or rejection of a certain type altogether.Thanks! :-) Careful wording it is.

We've been together for 5 years and I've understood the MBTI from the very beginning - it would have been disastrous otherwise. They ARE indeed very aggressive, I think I'm capable of being pretty aggressive too, thankfully. He seems to enjoy being challenged by me. My INTJ ex was definitely less explosive and more contemplative.**ENTJ 6'1 85kg**: dominant, vocal, powerful. Fucking hot. He wants it and gets it. Strong "in the moment" connection.

**ISFJ 6'0 110kg**: dominant, sensitive, steady, strong but gentle. Massive dude with the touch of an angel. Would do every time. Strong emotional connection.

**INTP 6'0 90kg**: dominant, full of surprises, always trying to up his game. He loves reflecting on the experience after. More of a friendly connection.

There is a trend lmaoNot really, I'm 5'3 ish, pretty average. In relation to them I'm fun-sized ;-) :D I was almost committed but ultimately lazy to convert it from kg to poundsThey are all mighty hot 😍😍😍 I love me some big men. Fuck I need a cold shower lmaoJust two, the ENTJ and ISFJ! The INTP was once a fuckbuddy. I am not opposed to collecting them all though XDWhy not make your own :*This is true of my NFJ x SFJ experience too!

The SFJs in my life REALLY ground me. They don't fret over the things that don't matter or can't be controlled.

I would frame it as a "difference" than a disconnect. Sensors and Intuitives can teach each other so many valuable life lessons. To shut anyone out because he is not the same as you is sad.no

n o

N o

N O

NNNNN OOOOOOHow do you know???

There is* a fair share of xSFPs in my law school. They have a strong presence and practicality that their intuitive classmates cannot immediately rival.

Type does not determine intelligence or career suitability. There are many many kinds of lawyers and many different areas of the law. There's not one type that is predisposed to succeeding in this industry. 

So unfair to generalise.&gt; require a lot of memorizing and not much logical thinking

Lawyers all over the world are sighing collectivelyWhat irritates me is the baseless and biased starting points of reference about different types here. If the question was, "do INTJs make good lawyers?" I'm very sure the answers here would be different - yes, INTJs are assumed to be good at it unless proven otherwise. ISFPs? Nah, unlikely to be good at it, unless proven otherwise.

It does mean something because there are only 2 law schools in our tiny, cut-throat Asian country. 50000 people competing for a total 400 places yearly. I'm not American; we don't do a JD here. We take law as our undergraduate/ Bachelor's degree. 

Even if it still doesn't mean anything to you, I've seen enough of my xSFP friends perform in class and in Court to know how very adaptable and persuasive they can be. But really, more generally, EVERYONE can do well in law school in some way or another. To implicitly put ISFPs down like that just grinds my fucking gears.Your first point is interesting and makes total sense to me!

Hmm here's the thing, it's harder to prove my hypothesis (ISFP = good lawyers) and easier disprove the null hypothesis (ISFP = not good lawyers):

My professor/ lawyer mentors (INTP, ENFJ, ENTJ, ENTJ, ENFP, ISTJ) always tell me the same thing — being a lawyer is more than just about your grades. It's getting out there, being personable, likeable, being effective communicators, understanding interpersonal dynamics, and delivering people-sensitive solutions. In the real world, no one gives a shit about how well you can articulate in 6000 words why a doctrine is inherently unstable or why it has come to be today.

On that point, my INTP dean of welfare said — "so many of your professors are IxTx (yes we discussed MBTI!), like myself. I need someone to remind me of deadlines all the time. Kick us out of academia and put us in today's market and we're dead. So don't fret about your bad grades. Show your face, speak up, let yourself be known. This is how you will succeed as a lawyer."

I do have two other younger mentors that are ExFP, I'm pretty sure they both lean towards being ESFPs though. Rising legal eagles! Heavy in pro bono work and politics. 

Finally — same, ENFJ here. Stereotypes can suck it. Nice to meet you!I'm an ENFJ with little fucks but tons of fuck yous to give though... Feeler != softIs it really FACT though? Or just your anecdotal experienceLol honestly there's way more to lawyering than that. 

Everyone thinks it's simply about going to court and being detached and making big money from all of that. That's only the litigation aspect of law - sure, some types fair better in this area.

You know ISFPs but I know ISFPs in law. And they are bloody good at what they enjoy doing. There is MBTI theory, and then there is real life and practice. I'm not sure I'm comfortable dismissing ISFPs in this way.This comment makes most sense&gt; loser ISTJs that have an Ni fetish?

All I can say is....... **Like attracts like.**

Also, ISTJs r da bees knees get out

**Edit**: Srs if you keep experiencing something that you don't like with different people, the problem is you. 

You are sending mixed signals to them by being your "intellectual stimulating" self (-_-)...barf. You know they are introverted, shy guys. You know they get attached as long as a female form gives them a bit of attention. Then back the fuck away! Your "very good Fe" should have picked up on all the warning signs of them getting attached.do u think we think same same bcos same quadraLike I said, like attracts like. You are who you will attract. 

I'm not sure who or what you're trying to attract, but your expectations and your actions do not match. 

Then don't call them Ni-fetishising ISTJs. They are simply introverted and simple guys with little romantic experience (like yourself). They are easily exploitable, and you have misled them into uncomfortable territory and then faulted them for it. Perhaps it is this kind of pretentious and "I'm cooler than you" attitude that is turning people away from you.It's not what you intend that is important, it is how it is received.

Maybe you don't mean any harm, but you come across as condescending and arrogant. That's why the replies here are equally harsh with you.

They are not interested in your Ni. This is not about type. They are guys who are not good at conversation, then you gave them attention. Period.You don't like that they like you for your mind? What do you want them to like you for? I'm still not sure what your question is.How do you differentiate whether someone really likes you for the way you think, the things you think...vs your "Ni"? I really doubt they know about "Ni" to characterise it as "Ni" though.

Regardless, the "Ni" is yours - so they like you, don't they? I think the problem is your perception of them. You perceive them to be fetishising you when they probably just innocently like you for the way you think.

Or maybe you don't trust that they like you because you think you are quirky and they seem to just be curious about you?When I was younger I used to attract admirers who would like me because they think I am funny, affectionate, and bubbly. Maybe I look that way when I'm with my friends, but I know that's not all of me. I am also cynical, anxious, a crybaby, etc. So they were attracted to **the idea of me** rather than me.

So I can kind of get what you are saying. I recommend not calling it a fetish because it implies that they are the ones who are sick and need help for it, you know? They are not; most of the time they just have little experience with girls and take any form of attention as some sort of romantic interest. They fall in love with anyone they meet.

The solution? Don't give them attention. Be true to yourself. Surround yourself with people who understand you for who you are. Show your real self. Constantly disprove the **idea of you** that they like.&gt; my Fi training is failing

LMAO HAHAThe 😘😊😁 Ne Fi 😘❤️🐰 is strong with this one 😆😆😆I wrote this elsewhere. 

For me personally, I tell them apart by Ni/ Ne.

**Ni** manifests as being broody and focussed - sometimes even fixated, not necessarily in the best way. No matter how hard xNxJs try to be soft and silly, there is still this air of seriousness about them, as if they are holding something back. Their humour is slightly darker, teasing on the edge of going too far. Stress style: Obsessive about one perspective, withdrawn.

**Ne** manifests as an explosion of ideas childlike in a sweet manner. When xSxJs are silly they really are adorable and in the moment. Their humour is an idea after another, and can really snowball and escalate. Stress style: Unable to commit to an idea, lost in tangents and details.

Which do you think applies more to your roommate?

This is applicable to INTJ vs ISTJ, INFJ vs ISFJ, ENFJ vs ESFJ as well.Couldn't agree more - mini rant ahead...

I've encountered a few times where I said "x" and meant "x", only to have users telling me "oh, do you mean "y", since ENFJs are supposed to ____?" or "that's not very typically ENFJ; must be your PoLR speaking."

I HATE that. I'm just me! Please don't act like you know my motivations better than I do.

You can claim to know EVERYTHING you need to know about people just based on theories dude, but that would be **overclaiming**. Theories are theories, life is life, people are people. And people and their lives are unique, intricate, and thus to an extent, unpredictable. To you I say: get out there, live life, and stop boxing yourself and everyone else in.

Where is the fun of it all if you purport to already know everything?Yes! 

In both form and content, I would say. 

**This is my own perspective, so it might be different for you.**

**Fe** - "affectionate words" (take care, I understand, it feels, I hear you), excitable, has the impression that it really wants you to know exactly how it is feeling, disclaimers (I know it's ___, but), can be long and rambley, personal anecdotes, can be very PR-feeling

**Fi** - lots of referring to the self (from my experience, for me personally) but with a bit of holding back, reads like you are hearing the author's soft but strong internal voice, tons of questions when there is no point of reference, keeps things open-ended

**Te** - factual, pointed, can be brusque, expands on thoughts mostly only where the conversation is worthy of exploration, speaks of feelings like it would speak of mathematics

**Ti** - lots of questions and statements that might not make sense to its converser even when explained, own brand of "logic", keeps things open-ended like Fi, significantly less verbose when speaking of feelings

**Se** - certain, short and "harsh" bursts of words, can sound dismissive, can be more matter-of-fact than Te, shakey and shrug-offy when uncertain

**Si** - effective and concise, probably the most concise, less metaphors than Ni, reads as very rational and patient, even-paced

**Ne** - you saw it coming...stream of consciousness, excitement, rambley, different "main points" at different junctures, sounds "fast" - content is read faster than the feeling of the author can be grasped, OR the other extreme is banter - short bursts of "nothingness" (sorry) - seeming not to give any actual topic-relevant information except to tease

**Ni** - reads like the most intimate internal voice of person (most convoluted for me and even I am Ni-aux), can be VERY rambley and incoherent to others, tons of big words and metaphors, can come across as "wow this person has overanalysed this to shit"










Yeah it makes sense, my closest mentor is an ENTJ male law prof and he's the same. As a fellow ENxJ his work is very comfortable for me to read.

I used "concise" for Si because how it manifests for them IME is in the form of a clear, accurate, summary of everything. 

For ENTJs, I would personally call it..."condensed" or "universalised" writing. It's more of a "I am going to simplify and make understandable what complexity I want to tell you about*."I'm a fellow NFJ so I definitely recognise that in myself too... :-)Yup definitely!! This is a huge indicator for me actually. INFP. Not like the mature INFPs I know, sorry. 17 is still really young though.Better than anyone else (BTAE)

Te: realises and practicalises ideas BTAE

Ti: thoroughly and rigorously analyses ideas BTAE

Fe: understands and practises universal love for people BTAE

Fi: navigates and concretises meanings to life BTAE

Se: experiences and indulges in life BTAE

Si: meticulously and tastefully experiences life BTAE

Ne: explores and innovates ideas BTAE

Ni: consistently and profoundly experiences life BTAENo. I have always despised the distinction. 

All types (Fe and Fi) are capable of both sympathy and empathy, to different degrees and to different people in different ways. Maybe this "theory" emerged as a way of simplifying the functions, but I think it only served to confuse people even more.

There are simply too many factors involved - who are they feeling it towards? What is the context? Does having corresponding personal experiences make it easier? What is their perception of what deserves empathy/ sympathy?

I haven't thought of or seen any truly convincing argument that can neatly and consistently attribute each function to empathy/ sympathy.&gt; do you mean that both exist in every person regardless of type?

Yup!

&gt; distinguishing between 'deserving' people and contexts sounds like Fi or Si to me. 

Really? I don't think it's so simple, the connection between such behaviours and the functions seem quite tenuous to me... I'm an ENFJ and I can be quite categorical with people, and also in an "it depends on the context" kind of way.

I guess that's exactly what I'm saying; I am not comfortable ascribing common human behaviours to functions.I don't think it is as simple as Fi = genuine, Fe = friendly. I hate this distinction; I think Fi is capable of being friendly (even if they hate a person), and Fe expresses concern from a genuine place.

I think the whole "Fe = harmony" stereotype thing is so overplayed. I consider myself a "straight shooter" and have no problem showing my disdain/ unhappiness even if it disturbs the harmony of the group. But do I prefer to be diplomatic as far as I can? Yes.Damn, well said! 

When I see people claiming "I don't have feelings, I don't care about people, I'm too rational", I infer straightaway that they are irrational people with a poor grasp on feelings in general.Judging from your post history, you're the sweetest Internet NTJ I know. We love you too.Really?? Type does not dictate interests.Going by your logic, I could also say: are you sure you're an ENTP? It's rare to see ENTPs taking such a black-and-white/ absolute stance on something like this — whether ESTJs enjoy psychology or not.

But that would be an unfair statement to make because **typology is not everything**. ESTJ tells you nothing about a person interests - what makes his heart sing, what his background is, what he's been accustomed by his culture to enjoy...and maybe only what data and methods he might prefer.The basis of my disagreeing with you is simply that my anecdotal experience with xSTJs have been the opposite.

I am close with 2 ISTJs and 1 ESTJs, and the former are interested in international human rights, philosophy, legal theory, and psychology combined; while the latter is highly religious and spiritual. Maybe even then, they still take a very Te approach in a way that is compatible with their Si towards such subject matter.

Combined with your experience with the xSTJs you know, I can only conclude that anyone or any type can be interested in anything. I'm just personally not comfortable with making a blanket statement about any type.

Do the other anecdotal experiences by actual ESTJs in this thread change your perception?Immaturity is why.

My view is that mature/ healthy types will understand any disconnect (between whichever type) as **valid difference**, and in stronger cases, try to bridge it.

It is the immature asses who insist on there ALWAYS being a "winner" and who is right against the other who is wrong, that you get such blanket intolerance and conflict. These are the people who then turn to typology and say "he or she MUST be type XXXX, thereby justifying my hate and avoidance of them!"

IME my ESFJ and INTJ friends tend to get along well, and I (ENFJ) simply adore my ISTJ friends!Well, I don't disagree. 

But you're also reading too much into it. I don't know where you inferred my insistence on "warm, accepting, and tolerant" as being the hallmarks of maturity. Heck, even I'm not capable of being all those things myself.

OP asked a simple question and that's my simple answer: an absolute and extreme blanket intolerance of a certain type just because they refuse to understand differences. If there is a way you can reframe it in a way that doesn't fit a universal understanding of "immaturity", then good for you.I like being me but I hate my anxiety disorder and everyday I fight to distinguish it from who I am as a person.

#fuckanxietyAs an extrovert with generalised anxiety, I am **really** thankful that I don't have social anxiety or shyness.

As a woman, I am also a fair mix of warm and assertive, which is very handy. 

It makes it relatively easy to resist gendered biases in the work place; people are not ready to put you down if you are nice to everyone but also always ready stand your ground, for yourself and for others. Conventionally speaking, people might expect and therefore treat a warm person like he or she is a pushover, or an assertive person like he or she is unlikeable.&gt; I can have a lot of fun but it's usually a "by myself" type of fun

I think this is amazing, honestly. It is a kind of independence and self-sufficiency that I wish I had.No :-) :-)

My ex and current partner are ENTJs, am close friends with an ESTJ. Also made fast friends with /u/MadMarx5, ENTJ ;-) 

I love them.

There is so much we can learn from each other. Without them, I'd still be giving fucks about things that do not matter. There is a certain spark, brashness, and "rashness" in our dynamic that I really enjoy. It's also really nice to see Te-doms mellowing into their feely mode, and I really appreciate them knocking me into my senses when I need them to.

**Edit: I don't understand the supposed Te Fe clash. IME, both are not incompatible ;-)**

**Sometimes the most efficient way to do things is to take into account everybody's wants and needs. Sometimes the most harmonious way to do things is to be efficient 😁**Hahaha awww danggg I failed someone's expectation that Te + Fe = World War 3-GHT FIGHT FIGHT", yells the NeTi-zen.ESFP/ ENTJ/ ENFJWho takes the lead?

What are your biggest disagreements?Don't worry, I didn't think you downvoted. In any case it doesn't matter - my Te-doms taught me so...heh! Thanks for replying :-)Sharing this for the third time, I wrote this elsewhere 😂

For me personally, I tell them apart by Ni/ Ne. (Se Si too then)

**Ni** manifests as being broody and focussed - sometimes even fixated, not necessarily in the best way. No matter how hard xNxJs try to be soft and silly, there is still this air of seriousness about them, as if they are holding something back. Their humour is slightly darker, teasing on the edge of going too far. Stress style: Obsessive about one perspective, withdrawn.

**Ne** manifests as an explosion of ideas childlike in a sweet manner. When xSxJs are silly they really are adorable and in the moment. Their humour is an idea after another, and can really snowball and escalate. Stress style: Unable to commit to an idea, lost in tangents and details.

Which do you think applies more to your roommate?

This is applicable to INTJ vs ISTJ, INFJ vs ISFJ, ENFJ vs ESFJ as well.Morning biatchIdk man I do enjoy your comments. I would probably enjoy listening to you irl. Pretty sure I'm not the only one here.

:-)

Maybe you need better friends...Interesting question!

I think INTP/ ENTP.I died at ISFJ. They would get so mad at having made their A+ biscuits.Finnish? Your country is BEAUTIFULWtf relevant username 10/10Shit, really? Visiting Scandinavia is a lifelong DREAM for me! I have Lapland huskies plastered as my wallpaper on my phone and MacBook. 

It's so beautiful, and I'm going this December. I'm so tired of my hot ass tiny skycrapered country. No nature, no scenery, no SEASONS. So boring.Thanks! I've never seen snow or great expanses of land or crazy early sunsets, so it'll all be beautiful to be regardless 😂 It really amuses me how Finland is uninteresting to you.

What are thoughts on the northern lights?I'm majorly skeptical even of the population statistics altogether. The whole reason why people are crying "you're not an INFJ!!!" is because the type is **supposedly** rare. I doubt it is as "rare" as it is claimed.Unless there is a scientific or theoretical explanation behind it, it's all just weak empirical evidence to me. 

The fact that I doubt the INFJ population size naturally means that I doubt the ENxJs' one too. It doesn't matter that there are apparently less ENxJs, I just don't think those statistics are as unbiased or as representative as people who make them out to be.&gt; What I find even more strange is the people who talk about all the INFJ friends they have. Where are you finding all of us?

You and likely many other people find it strange because of the assumption that INFJs are rare. I feel like INFJs are everywhere.

I find it strange too, in a reverse sort of way. Why do people seem to say INFJs are rare when it seems like everyone and their mothers have met many INFJs? Myself included; though it may or may not be related to the fact that I'm an xNFJ as well and hence hang around people who are "like" me. Upvoted, savage. But not fair that you left your own type alone, so I did you the honours... ;)

&gt; Please shut up.
&gt; 
&gt; Your banter is not cute. Not smart. How many times can one follow a thread written by ENTPs only to gain nothing useful at the end?
&gt; 
&gt; You think you're great at arguing because you can "take both sides", and you think you're absolutely charming with people, but you're really mediocre at both.
The truth is, you are indecisive as fuck. You think your big mouth can take you through life.
&gt; 
&gt; You're one of those people who perpetuate the "messy people are creative", "late people are most creative" memes because you need so hard to convince yourself that you are actually useful despite your crippling flaws. You love emphasising that you got an A despite not having had your essay planned out. Here's a quick reality check: your stream of consciousness stops being valued at the end of high school.
You also know you don't exactly know how to deal with people, so you do it haphazardly enough for them to give you a pass. You pride yourself on being social, effusive, and universally relatable but sorry, tolerance is not acceptance. Tolerance is not even close to admiration.
&gt; 
&gt; One thing I'll give you though, is that you're way harmless than your Sensing counterparts below.What makes you think I don't? 

I'm an ENFJ myself and have 5 INFJs in my separate social circles - 3 girls 2 boys, all very different people, but INFJs nonetheless. Not the mystical fairy old sage stereotyped ones. 

It definitely could be that they "like attracts like" and so I have tons of them around me, but generally I am skeptical of population statistics.I know a few superficially, and like them all. Generally they enjoy bouncing ideas off almost anyone who they can get to engage with them, and they try to be guarded about their feelings, but it's somehow always a little transparent to me when some of that leaks out inadvertently... Probably a shared Fe thing.

I had an ENTP friend who playfully debated with and roasted our ExTJ professor in class, and I thought our professor roasted him back a little too harshly, revealing some personal information about him in front of everyone. Everyone laughed without realising that the ENTP began to retreat and go into "yeah, I guess" mode, his smile turning into a "ughhh fuck must he embarrass me that way" half-grimace. Totally felt for the dude.Okay LOLGood point! 

I remain skeptical even of the actual MBTI assessment where the practitioners type you by your functions, because there's no way that the sample size is random or comprehensive.Absolutely. If we're talking Ni Fe Ti Se, then absolutely.

What does it take to convince you? You are skeptical because they are *supposed* to be rare, but they are not rare, at least not in my life. It seems like ISxPs are rare where I'm from. If you believe them to be so rare, nothing I could possibly say will convince you.I really don't. Not INFJ, not INTJ, not ENFJ, not ENTJ. The above user said Ni is likely rare because ENxJs are rare, but I'm an ENFJ and I am SURROUNDED by xNxJs.

People google "MBTI population statistics" and believe whatever the hell they first read about xNxJs being rare, and suddenly being INFJ gives you special snowflakey status, and suddenly every INFJ online is not actually an INFJ. This is like the classic manifestation of intuitive bias.&gt; Don't you think that these people who came up with these statistics actually thought extensively about it before they published them.

They arguably didn't have to think about it. Statistics are **quantitative** and not **qualitative** in nature. Those numbers were simply collected from **specific sample sizes, only from the US, from years 1972 to 2002**.

How can anybody be comfortable extrapolating from that data and saying that it applies to the whole damn current world?

&gt; We would have to many ideas, conceptions and it would end in paralyization of society and complete chaos, but without ideas and conceptions the world stagnates

I don't agree with this. That's just intuitive bias hardcore. A 100% N world would still progress, so will a 100% S world, just in different ways.

Ultimately, I believe in evidence. Pure, hard, empirical evidence unriddled with selection bias. So far, empirical evidence has proven unreliable, and many people's anecdotal evidence have proved the empirical evidence additionally unreliable.Very right. There is too much others-suspicion and little self-speculation on this sub.

The intuitive bias just needs to die.They did the functions test, I took their results with a grain of salt, but over time it was clear INFJ was right. 1 of the girls suspected ISFJ alternatively and 1 of the guys considered INFP. I don't know why people are so skeptical 🙄Mmm I'm too lazy to get into detail for all 5 of them but I'll list down some observations:

* A sense of knowing and "clicking" among all of us. They seem to think through things more thoroughly than I have, yet are also more passive than I am. I am more impulsive and ready to gloss over the unimportant factors in any given situation.

* They take REALLY long to formulate their thoughts coherently, or make decisions.

* They are very prone to withdrawing into themselves when shit happens, and overanalysing things to death. When they come out of it, they really do come out of it and close that chapter. But they kinda come out as a newer/ different person, with a stronger sense of caution and skepticism about things related to the shit that has happened.

* Broody/ icy/ sassy is how people would describe them. A little closer, people would find them friendly and a bit brusque. Yet when they are not skeptical of you and they smile and listen to you, it is as if you are the only person in the universe.

* Pessimism features a little more strongly in them, but they don't necessarily see it that way. Very mature and wise. Depending on what they've gone through they kind of internalise a little book of life theories to follow (very Ni) and it's hard to change what they think about that.

* Hypersensitive but really big barks if people they have let in hurt them enough.

* Very likeable people if they like you enough to engage with you. People would find them "awkward" at first but very conventionally attractive when they become more expressive.

* Subtle and somewhat graceful movers...not loud or abrasive or shocking, ever. Just a very soft, calm, stoic presence.

Among the 5 INFJs I would say the girls are more alike to one another, but the 2 guys are very different, very ostensibly because of their life experiences.&gt; You end up getting values from the external, and tend to work more off of people rather than off principles. ...They think you just say what will get you the most brownie points, rather than what you believe.

As a straight shooter ENFJ who knows other straight shooter ENFJs with no filter, I really can't agree. While this is not directed at you personally, I simply just do not understand how the hell all of these things said in this thread are generalisable from Fe alone. It is as if we are devoid of our own personalities, and as if our valuing diplomacy is a crime.

This whole thread is just a gross implicit circlejerk of "Fi is genuine and Fe is fake". Like fuck am I gonna sugarcoat it.&gt; would a Fe-user have asked 'What's wrong with M?' to the Fi-user?

Why the hell not? People converse, ask questions, challenge assumptions all the time.

This entire conversation here makes a strange distinction between Fe and Fi that is completely anecdotal and unfounded.Yeah your response was actually perfectly reasonable to me, I'm aware that you're not over-generalising.

My difficulty is just with the Fe = draws from external objective values thing, implying that values don't really come from within. I think anyone and everyone has internal principles derived from the self/ upbringing/ anything else external to type, just that Fe, in *application* of these values and rules, would tend towards the most resonatingly utilitarian one. In this sense, it's not all too different from Te-doms.

I know though that some might see it as just a matter of semantics, which TBH doesn't really bother me.Eh I guess my annoyance was misdirected. Not implying your question was stupid, definitely didn't mean for it to come across that way. 

It was a general 🙄 at the above comment about Fe not clarifying statements in conversations. It's such an arbitrary distinction to make and it almost ascribes strict behaviours to functions, which bothers me. I think back at my conversations with my two ENFP bestfriends and am like wtf? We're just people and we just talk.Love ENFPs. You're welcomed at /r/ENFJ :-)I took two Sociology modules (Crime and Deviance, Family) for the fun of it and I kinda felt cheated 😅 

Let me explain. As a student you're asked to take a "sociological imagination" of the world, which basically means that all your arguments kind of reduce to a **every factor matters** and **everything everyone says can be disputed** perspective. As someone who values certainty, consequences, and perimeters, (as opposed to all sorts of possibilities) I felt like I went nowhere with it.

BUT! I must say that I did learn some very useful things, and I also think sociologists (rather than students of sociology) have it better. Freedom to explore social issues, more room for "certain" arguments.

ENFJ, law, graduating 😭

Doing it for the same reasons as you listed above :-)You just read my mind! TIL that I'm an apatheist too...&gt; The estimated frequency table was compiled from a variety of MBTI® results from 1972 through 2002, including data banks at the Center for Applications of Psychological Type; CPP, Inc; and Stanford Research Institute (SRI).

And this is **only** the United States!

Not to mention that we don't know the demographics, where or from what kind of institutions or groups they collected type data from, or whether they were all accurately typed.

I see people use this table all the time... I take it with a pinch of salt.&gt; I surmise that women who fake orgasms must be disproportionately Fe-users.

/r/shittymbti&gt; I surmise that women who fake orgasms must be disproportionately Fe-users.

r/deadbedroomsLast para hits close too home. I've also fallen into depression and almost-suicidal thoughts in the course of pursuing my degree and figuring out my sexual identity. 

At those points in time, nothing other than "faking it to make it" would have taken me out of that situation. It was the most...efficient way to "reorientate" to my normal.&gt; I surmise that women who fake orgasms must be disproportionately Fe-users.

/r/legaladvice&gt; I surmise that women who fake orgasms must be disproportionately Fe-users.

/r/TheRedPill No. No no no. Not even "in general". This is not something you can generalise about.

Have you never said a white lie? Everyone would have, depending on the context. Those are not things I would EVER lie about. We can also hardly ever hide our inner turmoil, so we avoid such turmoil in general.HAHAHA I died at **Se**menWtf I just realised that's hentai 😂😂😂

They are all brilliant, I wish Fe was harsher.Not to mention, those statistics are old as fuck (from 1972 to 2002!), based ONLY in the USA, and riddled with selection bias.

Is it just me or are people are so quick to defend the rarity of magical ~Intuitives~?Nice. You said it better and more mindfully than I would have 😂

I would say, "I really wouldn't care since this is just the internet, full of theories that remain theories without application, whereas my real life is actually real and enriching", HAHAThis is my question to answer 😂

I'm polyamorous with 2 boyfriends. I share Ni/ Se with my ENTJ, and Fe/Ti with my ISFJ.

You know what? I actually think I'm more like my ENTJ than my ISFJ. As for whether one relationship is easier than the other... I would say that the thing that causes conflict is not the axises but the good old Thinking Feeling dichotomy.wtf what?I think it depends on the person. I love Te-doms. 

I also don't really assess our compatibility based on functions. If I had to couch it in terms of our types, I relate to my ENTJ most strongly in terms of our ENxJ disposition/ temperament, and for my ISFJ, our shared high-Fe.It's honestly not a big dealAre you /u/Serious1yJoking?If I recall, there are a handful of people on this subreddit who are poly/ open!

Singapore. Tiny, draconian, conservative (on the surface). It's not common in the sense that it's not something that is talked about or that people are open about generally, but millennials like myself are pretty open-minded about such things. My friends know, my schoolmates know. My parents can never know.

We're just normal people really. Our relationships are honestly no different from monogamous relationships (I/ we were mono for a long time). Love, trust, transparency, kindness. Nothing else matters :-)No, they aren't dating others — they can, but they are not interested at the moment. Too busy.

No jealousy problems. Never had jealousy or trust issues when we were monogamous anyway; couldn't have started if we did! I credit my guys for being emotionally stable, confident, and mature.

It depends, but most likely no. My emotional capacity is open, but my physical capacity is maxed out.

I was monogamous with ENTJ for 1.5 years before we started talking about opening our relationship, and only if it made us stronger. It did. We've been together for 5 years now. We're both very meticulous long term planners, we are very sure of what we want, are sociable, love people, love sex, so we just got started. I met a few guys, then I met ISFJ, and we loved him. It's been this way ever since!

Where are you from and what is your culture like?I hope I'm not the odd one out here...

ENFJ 2w3 sx/so

**General view**: People can be monogamous or not, it's a preference like anything else. I am cool as long as people respect each others' preferences. Non-monogamy, to me, is like any other kind of arrangement - it takes work, communication, honesty, trust, transparency, patience.

**Benefits**: more people to love/ kindness/ empathy/ understanding in my life, more people to care for, varying perspectives on a certain matter, more hands to help out with any given problem, personal liberation - no longer have any jealousy or insecurity

**Downsides**: stigma from the older generation really - that's the only thing, petty one would be less me-time

**Qualities**: communicative, transparent, trustworthy, trustful, good with boundaries, accountable, emotionally stable, cautious, and certain (rather than do it on a whim to "see where it goes"). 

At least from my experience, I think people who want to be or are already in non-monogamous relationships are usually 1) not religious, 2) resistant against institutionalised ideas of morality, 3) are curious about people.Honestly, if I had jealousy or insecurity issues from the start, I would never even contemplate non-monogamy. THAT would be killing fire with fire.

So, we never had jealousy or insecurity issues to begin with. Maybe when I was a petty emotional teenager, but not with the partner I started this journey with. We started out *de facto* monogamous, because even then we already had a lot of freedom in socialising and connecting with others, and enjoyed telling each other about our experiences.

ETA: I wrote that down as a benefit because it was truly through this journey that it became apparent that jealousy and insecurity was not something that plagued us. I am not sure if it would have been the same story if I started this journey with someone else than my partner.Any moments of insecurity would be related to my anxiety and my abilities, and not towards our relationship. There were times where I thought "damn it would be easier if he had a girlfriend without anxiety" but that thought is over when my panic attack is over. He never gave me a reason to feel jealous or insecure about us.

Eg, not getting salty if he has a pretty friend and enjoys connecting with her, not comparing myself to his pretty ex's, not jumping to conclusions when he's too busy to contact me. 

I disagree; the connection between needs and jealousy/ insecurity is not a neat one. Sure, many times I wished he would be more conscious of my feelings. In that sense, my emotional needs might not have been met. But that doesn't inspire jealousy or insecurity. It doesn't make me question him or feel less certain of our relationship. It just makes me feel hurt.What's your story? :-)Of course they are universal experiences. We are conditioned to feel these emotions. I have my insecurities, but as I said, it's not something that is related to or directed towards my relationship.

Nah, I don't rationalise those bad feelings, that's presumptuous to say. I vomit them out when they come, but I don't have to if there's no reason for me to experience them in the first place. There's a lot of preventative communication and support in my relationship. For eg, is old partner worried that I would prefer new partner's dick? I'll reassure him anyway, only to find out he sincerely doesn't have that fear. 

Unless you know my partner and I, it's not something that you'll be convinced of no matter what I say. Ultimately, you have your perception of the world and I have mine, one doesn't have to be the right one.Polyamory =/= polygamy

Edited: oh I misunderstood your question. I don't know any Mormons, so they were not a part of my consideration.Why is such behaviour exclusive to Te-doms and Fe-doms? I have observed these statements made by types across the board.Fair enough.

From my perspective, the whole "I can't be a certain type because I'm logical unlike Feelers/ a procrastinator unlike most J types" thing is not something that really happens to Te-doms and Fe-doms. I see that a lot more in Ne types.

Being ExxJs, we're usually very certain, categorical, and therefore take a black-and-white mentality towards our own personalities and characteristics (doesn't immediately mean we're self-aware about our flaws), so if it comes down to choosing between the simple F/T and J/P dichotomy preference, we're not gonna be on the fence about it.

But you're spot on when you say that the first two (lack of empirical evidence/ uniqueness of individual) might be some classic reasons why our types will reject typology in general.Hey don't worry mate, I doubt I'd be able to settle on a type when I was fifteen. I'd probably struggle between ENFP and ENFJ (totally different functions too!)

Just for fun, you look SO much like a younger version of my INTP friend. Just SO much like him!I do not have enough eyes to roll.

Don't worry OP. That shit reflects on him and not you.fk me A+ commentaryI always am attracted to and attract ENTJs. Am most drawn to fellow NJs, but SJs too (fuck sensor hate), and also a fuckton of NFs. Life is easy with my closest girlfriends. Very few SPs in my life, but those I've met I've always liked :-)

Boyfriends: ENTJ ISFJ

Family: ENTJ ISFJ INFP

Closest girlfriends: ENFP ENFP INFJ

Law school: ENTJ ENFP (the sole dom-perceiver) ESTJ ISTJ ISTJ ISFJ INTJ INFJ INFJI feel more anger/ condemnation towards myself than regret, over my mistakes.

Regret requires some degree of repetitive hindsight analysis, and hindsight is always 20/20...whereas I believe that I am responsible for my actions and behaviour to the extent that they are controllable at that moment in time. 

Anger (at my stupidity) is more fitting. It's more "I fucked up, it's all on me, better not FUCKING do it again" rather than "If only I could turn back the time, I would have..."

So for me, there's no time for regret, only time for a lot of self-hatred and waiting for the next similar opportunity to come for some sort of redemption.Wow trumpisahunk! I haven't seen you posting around here in ages!I really think Ni-Se vs Si-Ne is too hard to ignore. So I find it easy to distinguish NJs from SJs, including the ExFJs.No proper opinion because no one really stands out to me as a mistype. But I'm also quite oblivious about most things, so there's that...

Also, I think I'm a bit of a "hardened" ENFJ so I'm a little bit less concerned with social graces in text and online. In this sense, I can accept if there are other ENFJs who are softer/ gentler/ warmer than I am online. 

Throw in enneagram types and you get so much variation within one type that I'm never confident saying that someone else aren't my type. Unless it's extremely clear — we get the occasional "ENFP/Js" in /r/ENFJ, and most of the time they turn out to be ENFPs. It's easier to tell in these cases.As for your question on the discernible differences:

**Ni (Se)** manifests as being broody and focussed - sometimes even fixated, not necessarily in the best way. No matter how hard xNxJs try to be soft and silly, there is still this air of seriousness about them, as if they are holding something back. Their humour is slightly darker, teasing on the edge of going too far. Stress style: Obsessive about one perspective, withdrawn.

**Ne (Si)** manifests as an explosion of ideas childlike in a sweet manner. When xSxJs are silly they really are adorable and in the moment. Their humour is an idea after another, and can really snowball and escalate. Stress style: Unable to commit to an idea, lost in tangents and details.To me, INFPs and ENFJs "look" completely different and are all too easy to tell apart.

Whatever they share is (to me) attributable to an NF-esque curiosity towards and love for people, which aren't even exclusive to NFs anyway.My sweet T do you mind typing Imogen Heap for me? She is my favourite ever!!

Here are some clips!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw0dyZVSUjU

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6btFObRRD9kExactly.

To me, someone's MBTI or enneagram type accounts for/ informs me about probably a total of 10% of a person. OR LESS. Not their habits, preferences, upbringing, history, culture, none of that.

Some people treat typology like the bible. Like it explains e-very-thing. Too many times have users on here dismissed an entire type because they were met with some sort of resistance from one or a few people of that type. Knock that shit off. Human beings are predictable to an extent, but everyone is ultimately different.I highly doubt that data...or any MBTI population statistics for that matter. I'm agnostic as hell too.&gt; it's not a system that tries to pretend it knows exactly how you'll behave given any set of parameters

I may be mistaken, but isn't this what socionics kinda does? It also predicts romantic compatibility between types down to a T, which is a little...presumptive?Of course, everything here is just theory :-)

I think it is just too...specific, even for theories. With that level of specificity it seems to not give allowances for real-life nuances. But I don't know, I am not too familiar with socionics at all, ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯I feel u my man...I need to lose about 10kg to qualify as an ENFJ.Burn...well u r nut wrong 😂You're mistaking our (or at least, my) skepticism towards socionics. It does not derive from a rejection of the categorical nature of the 16 types. 

It derives from the theory trying to tell me:

* that all my behaviours, whether consistent with the basic four function model of Fe Ni Se Ti or not, can be explained with the theory (what shadow undervalued demonstrative POLR functions), 

* that I'm definitely most suitable and comfortable with an INTP (regardless of what kind of a partner I want, what challenges I prefer to take on in a relationship), 

* the exact kind of conflict my ENTJ partner and I will face, 

* that I supposedly have slim arms and torso and a long sharp nose (which I am the complete opposite of), 

* that ENFJs "often talk to themselves even if there are many people around", and "often send other people on missions with various instructions in order to get rid of them so they can work comfortably"...

...really? The level of specificity is mind-boggling. I don't really see how this is giving nuance to a certain personality type.I read your thread. They were being really reasonable?? You are getting mad because no one was saying what you wanted to hear............Look your intentions were good. You want people to view drug users in a way that will help them.

However, your message was not clear. You can't expect people to read your mind. They were confused and misinterpreted. You got mad at their misinterpretation, saying they put words in your mouth. No one was even really disagreeing with you, content wise. You clarified in a hostile manner but it didn't make things any clearer for them.

Rational to you, but not to them. Doesn't mean they are stupid. Miscommunication is miscommunication.

Your efforts are laudable, but your message might have been stronger if you put it in way that is easier for them to accept. You have a good message to send, but getting all angry and snappy at people, saying they are stupid, is the LEAST effective way of getting them to agree with you.Edgy. The irony of your statement is hilarious.Aw man dude, I would be your friend! You're funny and introspective. Does an internet hug count?Hello. I'm an Intuitive from a rather conservative, secular, Asian country.

I observe that both Intuitives and Sensors from my generation are pretty open-minded. 

Rather, it is often the people from our parents' generation and above, as well as the people who were born, raised, and still committed to their religious beliefs, who are more conservative — rejection of LGBTQ, dating age gaps, sex before marriage, etc. With the conservative gang, both Intuitives and Sensors seem to be equally resistant to change, maybe for different reasons.YES! 

I'm an extrovert with pretty extreme telephone phobia... 😭  Besides the inability to Fe-sense what is happening, I'm a visual learner. My aural learning skills are not too good at all; I DETEST having to listen to podcasts. It takes so much energy. It's almost the same with phone calls.

I always tell my friends, "hey! I'm more convincing in person!"Who wouldn't?Based on my own experience, IxxJs. The Pi doms. That's the narrowest generalisation I dare make.

They seem to take A LOT of time to mull over getting into a relationship with someone. So, when they are committed, they really are. 

They can't leave unless they've convinced themselves that their initial decision to commit to that person was wrong, but they can't convince themselves unless they have exhausted every method of trying to fix what seems broken. This usually takes even more time.Ni users do so as well, but in a different way.

Both can be equally entrenched/ stubborn in their views. They both seem to generalise "life principles" or "wisdoms" based on past events. When they have internalised these views from their own experiences, hardly anything can convince them otherwise. Si users speak of these anecdotal experiences factually and concisely, while Ni users reference these past experiences in terms of concepts/ general principles. 

Si: "he cheated on you once, from experience, if you forgive him he will cheat on you again"

Ni: "based on experience, all men will cheat and lie no matter what"Thank you for your wonderful post!

I have an additional question: how can one differentiate a Type 3 ENTJ from a Type 8 ENTJ?ESFJ My boyfriend and I, ENFJ and ENTJ, find typology very interesting.

However, we really prefer learning through constant real life interaction. There is very little incentive for us to discuss the types at length and in excruciating detail **online**, or to dissect or analyse our lives and motivations based on typology. What's the point of "knowing" about all these people without actually knowing all these people, you know?

People are way more complicated than that. I go out my door, meet all these people, and suddenly all these theories don't hold water. So much potential for confirmation bias.

I think there is a huge tendency for people on online forums to severely over claim. To extrapolate and generalise theories in a very reductionist way, from a terribly unrepresentative sample size. While it's a very Ni thing to do (to be presumptuous based on little data, ha), I hate that shit if it has no significant real life, empirical basis.

I've been into this for 3 years now, and I've learnt so much about myself and about others. I now recognise biases in myself. I have learnt to admire rather than condemn personality differences. That said; ultimately, absolutely **nothing** beats actually going out there and knowing and learning about people.&gt; Thinking that interacting with people's social facade is actually 'knowing people' seems like a very, very Fe-dom type of category error to make. 

You're presuming a hell lot from what little you actually know about me and how I go about it. I see value in both. One works better for me and the other maybe better for you or others. Together they are even better.Ouch...Me! ENFJ female with ENTJ male. 

We've been together for 5 years, from when we were 18. We're inseparable.

Expect these things:

* **Vocal and transparent communication**

This is the solid rock that keeps everything going for us. As extroverts, we verbally vomit whatever we're thinking and feeling. There is no time for slow-burn resentment and keeping things in.

* **Potentially explosive fights**

Both have to learn and immediately accept that you have things you can learn from each other. One person is NOT right all the time.

You have two firecrackers who speak their minds, you're going to have explosions. The shitty thing is, impulsive things will be said, tempers will be thrown. The great thing is, it's gotten over easily and quickly.

* **On the same timeline**

Punctual, organised, routinely, well-planned. On the flip side, it's hard to go with the flow or break out of a routine.

* **Hedonism**

We're both very occupied and have our own thing going on most of the time. In our downtime, we play hard. We overeat, we spend too much money, we fuck around (open relationship), we laze around till the cows come home.

* **Same goals, different means**

Both are ambitious, "in the grand scheme of things" type planners with a weak eye for detail and a tendency to be bored. Can be great business partners.

* **An exchange of leadership skills**

Both are leaders in their own right, and balance each other out in great ways.

However, the ENFJ has to be patient with (young) ENTJ's inability to be "soft", to see the power of knowing, liking people and being likeable. The ENTJ has to be patient with (young) ENFJ's intense, impulsive emotionality, and inability to will ourselves to not feel a certain way.

Resultantly, you get an emotionally sensitive ENTJ, and an ENFJ who can learn to give less of a fuck. This makes for better leaders.

* **To trust you to take care of me**

The ENxJs have a lot to manage in their personal lives as it is. When together, both become lazy and should each take turns to take charge. It is nice to be able to "let go" and trust someone competent enough (know your modus operandi well enough) to take care of you.

* **Competitiveness**

We're childishly competitive even against each other. In a healthy way. I'm happy for his successes, but if he works out 3 times a week, I wanna match that or even top that. Constant self-improvement is in the books.

* **Increasingly selective social circle**

ENxJs do not have time for bullshit, or toxic friends. My people have to be okay with him, and his with me. So far so good. I'm the bigger culprit in keeping around useless friends, who he tells me are just selfish takers.

* **Us against the world**

At the end of the day, this is what I cherish and feel for the most. The feeling of equality. Knowing that he'll have my back even if I lose everybody in this world, and I'll have his the same.

This is not an easy relationship. BUT, NO RELATIONSHIP IS. I'd say that we reached this nice equilibrium only about 2.5 years in. I can't see myself losing him, ever, and him too.

Feel free to ask any more questions!No worries 🤗I think people unwittingly neglect how industrious feelers can be, too. Thinker bias is a thing.

I'd like to think that people can all be excellently hardworking, capable, problem-solving; not just thinkers. There's no diligence difference 😉

Keep in touch, my friend!I'm messed up too! I have stress and anxiety issues which can cause me to spiral into depression. 

I think there is a slight leeway for us to be imperfect/ human/ fallible individually and as a couple, though I agree that it's an explosive pairing (good and bad!) that requires a really good degree of individual stability.

It does sound like she's had a bit to deal with though — I don't think her issues would be easy for anyone, "healthy" or not, to deal with. So don't ever beat yourself up about it!
🙆🏻🙆🏻Hurt my people.

Really nothing sucks as much as not being able to prevent my loved ones from hurting. I really don't care about malice that is directed at me personally because I'd have shut the perpetrator off mentally and emotionally already, you know?When someone treats me in a way that crosses my personal boundaries, it's easy to no longer give a fuck what they think/ care/ do/ say. I ignore them altogether. 

When they seem so small and insignificant, everything they do seems silly, frivolous, and won't hurt me.I agree!

I love Ne in xSTJs. It's freaking adorable and comes through quite strongly in their sense of humour actually. So yeah, I can see NTPs mistyping as STJs and vice versa!This might devolve into a shitshow of Fi calling Fe fake and Fe calling Fi selfish AGAIN, no surprise there, so I personally don't want that. We've had enough of that. So, instead, I will try to take a wholesome approach of the similarity and differences.

**First off, I want to admire the beauty of Fi, as a Fe user. Of course I adore Fe as well.** For me, there can be a comfy overlap between Fi and Fe values, and I think this is a point that is under scrutinised. 

My INFP little cousin for example, is someone who shares my value system almost to a T. However, she provides insights to it that I have not fathomed, and I offer her new perspectives the same. She has a comfort in her quiet beliefs that rivals my comfort being an extravert in social situations. As a caveat, I like all types. Fe or Fi, doesn't make a big difference on whether I will enjoy being friends with a person, or not.

**Second, a general and impersonal view.** Just like Te and Ti, both Fe and Fi (mostly referring to high-F users) can be imposing on other people, just in different ways. Their virtues can also manifest in many similar ways.

Fe and Fi types who are cognisant and respectful of personality differences will take a "you do you, boo!" approach to other people's lifestyles and choices.

Fe and Fi types who are not so cognisant of that will clash. Both are imposing in their own ways: the Fe user will say, "it's not normal at all, please stop doing X" — **uninvited directive**; whereas the Fi user will say, "the best way to do it is X and anybody who disagrees with me is wrong" — **shuteye absolutist**.

TBH, my life is probably 65% Fi and 35% Fe. I do adore Fi. 

My only "conflict" with them is where they send and receive the wrong messages. Meaning, they sometimes misread and "mis-send" social cues because of their subjective interpretation of these cues.

There's nothing inherently wrong with that, it just sometimes adds unnecessary trouble for them and as a mama bear type I really have to force myself to not intervene. LOL.

*tru story:*

**ENFP bestie**: I know he likes me, but I don't like him. I know I should stop going out with him to give him the correct signals but you know what he is so lonely and I feel bad. I promised to be a good friend and I need to be that good person. Forget it, I have to be who I say I am. I'm going to go on a date with him again, but I hope he doesn't continue liking me.

*2 days later*

**ENFP bestie**: Babe please help me he is pestering me non-stop and he sent me a bunch of creepy giftsI'm an auxiliary Ni type myself and this pisses me off about Ni as well, mostly in xNxJs. 

Strong, "unbridled" Ni-Se has a way of being incredibly presumptuous and conversation-ending. Drawing conclusions from very little information, usually through a completely subjective filter of their personal experiences, and then ending the discussion there and then "because I know enough to know that _____ and you are wrong." I honestly don't feel like I see this sort of arrogance from Ne-Si users.

Sure, it's great to have that kind of confidence and certainty, and in many cases I perceive my intuition to turn out to be accurate. However, I find the lack of acknowledgement of nuance amongst Ni types to be incredibly irksome. Of course, I hesitate to paint everyone with a broad brush. Just an observation of mine.

I dislike it so much because I see it in myself sometimes, fucking hell, especially in my teenage years. In my ENTJ boyfriend too. Now, I try my best to avoid this sort of thinking.I 100% agree. 

Of these 3 pairings: Ne v Ni, Ne v Ne, and Ni v Ni, I would expect Ni v Ni to have the most potential for conflict. Ne v Ni always feels rather complementary, from personal experience.Objective (as far as I can) observations of myself and people my type — ENFJ women are usually a mix of these, depending on many factors:

Warm, assertive, social, affectionate, bubbly, intense, forceful, yet soft, hearty, inviting, candid, tease

Aggressive, volatile, crybaby, pushy, dismissive, critical, anxious, self-defeating &gt;  I've noticed anyway that people with Fe as their primary function can almost be mistaken for Te users, when they've had a difficult past. They can be super harsh and almost brutal in their choice of words.

This is my understanding too! A mellow/ social/ expressive ENTJ can seem very Fe too...Honestly dude. I think you're too young to be typed. ENFJ descriptions might sound "nice", but many other types are capable of being as "nice".

I have doubts you're an xNxJ because of your inability to focus on ONE type. You don't have the certainty/ arrogance/ brusque manner of speaking that Ni-Se is prone to manifest as.Here's what I think. 

To get to a place where you are comfortable with a type, you need these two important things:

* **Certainty of who you are/ how you function at your very core**

* **The ability to distill what the most general, universal, principles that MBTI offers are, from the exceptions to these principles (aka, all the other factors that makes us human)**

I think both are important, but it seems like the first point of knowing oneself is what makes the most difference. I see a lot of people on this subreddit cherrypicking from all types and feeling like they relate to all of it! I think I can safely say this is also more observed with Ne types.

Ultimately...does it matter? It doesn't matter whether or not you have a type, if it causes you so much distress.Yep. You're exactly right. 

There's no point debating with someone who uses other MBTI types as INSULTS against others. It's honestly hilarious and pathetic.

All it does is reveal her self-perceived and undeserved sense of superiority; crippling bias against INFPs, ISFJs, Sensors, and every other type because fuck we aren't *amaaaaazing* INTJs with amazing intellect; and poor and hateful usage of the MBTI.

Sorry not sorry.

Srs tho, sorry to the INTJs that you have this terrible excuse of a human being giving y'all a bad name.We're really not though... Hmm. I think I did when I was much younger but it's no longer the case.Hi :)

ENFJ surrounded by ENTJs (Boyfriend, Sister, Grandma). We can actually seem quite alike in a family/ work setting.You can't attribute logic to functions. **Logic is NOT inherent or exclusive to Thinking functions**.

Everyone HAS logic. Everyone has their own brand of logic.

As an ENFJ law grad, I'm trained to use a particular brand of reasoning. Of logic. This does NOT mean that I am "good at Ti", or "an ENFJ with developed Ti", or whatever the hell that means. It simply means I am human being and I'm logical in my own way.

For example, Fe is a Feeling function, and also a logical way for me to categorise and navigate around people. Same with Fi.Doesn't everyone value logic though? 

I think anyone would be hard pressed to find someone who says they don't. Everyone makes value judgments in a way that they think is logical.You assume that the objective meaning of actual logic is that it has to "come first", but that is not my point here. I'm amazed at how much you presumed about what I was saying from a general statement that I made in a whole other context.

Even if it is ex post facto analysis, it IS still how they *perceive* that they arrived at their decisions — logically. So based on what you've said, **all Feelers are inherently illogical**. And **all Thinkers are inherently misguided about their values/ lackadaisically immoral**. 

Your understanding and definition of "logic" in terms of the MBTI is exclusive, narrow, and limiting. I'm not sure where it has been characterised by Jung. In the same way, I can also say that your tautological argument seems to have stemmed first from **your beliefs and how you interpret the MBTI**, and then rationalised in a way that you think makes sense.

I will ignore your argument that my whole leading statement is wrong, because there is essentially none there. Nowhere have I defined "logic", or agreed or resisted your definitions. I merely stated that **people think they are logical**, and have not made any decision whatsoever on whether they are right to perceive themselves in that way.

Anyway, this is not a discussion that I'm interested in, to be frank. You are free to disagree and to read the model this way, but we'll never get anywhere because we started from different vantage points.Actually, I'm at a point in my life where I think the MBTI in its entirety doesn't matter as much as I used to think it did 😂

So... I know that this is in no way a great answer to all you're saying, but that's my frame of mind atm and I could care less about theory.I am 99% sure that this is a dig at compulsory national service in Singapore.I am polyamorous. ENFJ with ENTJ and ISFJ. 

I'm a mix of the both of them! Our lives are very supportive and happy :-)Thanks for your well wishes :-)Learn to read sarcasm before judging people for their life choices. I honestly don't care what you think about how my life will go.Ti = an individual's "repository" of data collected from the external world, understood, categorised, and analysed in a way that is logical and consistent to the individual.

Logical reasoning is inevitable in the categorising of this data. Sometimes it is not. It does NOT mean that Ti = logic. Logic is the process in operation of these functions.The benefit of knowing a Fe dom is that our facial expressions will betray us. We can't always hide what we feel. We also don't send out signals that we don't intend.

Sure, by default, I try to be warm and friendly to everyone. I'm not being fake about that. I'm just trying to let my guard down first so the other person feels comfortable and not judged in my presence.

When I strongly dislike someone, you will be able to tell. I either challenge their assumptions or don't even bother to engage/ converse/ interact with them, even if we're at the same table.

When I really really like someone, I will chase them. It is as obvious as it can be, and I have no qualms about being explicit to them about it. I am verbally and physically affectionate, take the initiative to ask them out, and try my best to show them my world. I initiate physical touch a lot, but only when it's appropriate. If I don't like you in that way, I'm not going to do any of that. Leading people on is gross and a waste of time.

As the other user said — just ask!&gt; chop stuff

Fellow Asian confirmedI love the way you can get it together for me and you know what to do with the same time as a result of the day before the game and the other day and night and I'm still in bed with my friends and family members and friends and family members of the day 

ENFJ lmao fun threadShe is not an ESFJ. Her mediated persona is.First, people are more than their types. Typology doesn't account for so many things in a person that no one can give you a concrete answer on this.

Second, typology will ideally help people understand differences, not emphasise/ exacerbate them. 

Now that you know he has a higher level of emotionality and other "INFP things", can you accept them? Can you appreciate the differences rather than condemn them? If so, work on your relationship. If not, leave. 

Every couple is different. Every couple consists of two whole individuals who are different in different ways. This has really little to do with what your types are and more to do with whether you want to work it through or not.Yes. Now imagine yourself with another INTP. You'd probably "get" each other very quickly and fundamentally, but you would be missing everything that your INFP is currently teaching you. That's the trade off. 

**Have you considered things are apparently so hard because both of you are, deep down, resistant towards learning from and adapting to each other?**

An INFP with the same interests, hobbies, worldview, and religious perspective (which MBTI does not account for at all) as you, will be "easier" to date than an INTP with completely polar ideals from you. I'm perhaps not the best person to answer your question because I've become somewhat...disillusioned about the MBTI. To me, it does not say enough about people, and if online forums are any indication at all, it seems to have served more to divide than to unite.

My point is. Even if certain types are compatible or ideal, a relationship is still made up of 2 different persons.Enneagram type 8?P E E L

Point, Explanation, Example, Link back to point.

Most people are taught this from high school. It is a universal rule that makes any information easy to condense, convey, and understand. The same principles have carried me through law school. At the end of the day, it is having a start and an end point. 

While this is antithetical to the Ne type of deviation into all sorts of tangents, that kind of discussion is also necessary. Speaking simply and pointedly is definitely still a great skill to have!P: A cat is a furry animal.

E: It is furry because of the long, dense hair it has all over its body.

E: For example, a tammy cat has orange fur with occasional white stripes.

L: Most cats have such fur and are considered furry animals.You might be INFP enneagram type 9. Trying to fit in is not attributable to just Fe.Then the INFJ you have is mistyped. As a type who is extremely conscious of how others perceive us, we never resist criticism from others. We know it makes us look bad.YesYou talk about having needs but what do *you* give to the table? And I don't mean "intellectually".

You would be hard pressed to find the kind of intellectual, self-assured woman who would put up with your undeserved expectations.

Give people the kind of kindness you give yourself for not having the best formatting in this post.Yeah don't worry. I can tell. Your self-awareness about (allegedly) lacking in this department is an admirable first step. If you're this aware I don't think you're hopeless at all, maybe just jaded.

Additionally, I wasn't criticising you, more prodding you/ giving you a suggestion. Not doing it gently though, I concede. Thanks for reading, you can ignore if it doesn't fit.

Treat people kindly, better than you treat yourself (not absolutely of course — love yourself first!) Also judge them less harshly than you judge yourself. If you aren't even fully happy with yourself, it's going to be near impossible to find someone else you can be happy with. Ya know what I mean...

Try to find the beauty in things. I have a history of dating NTJs so the whole "nothing and no one is really worth my time" mentality is something I am somewhat familiar with. It's kind of a self-fulfilling prophecy that hurts nobody but yourself in the end, you know? Assuming you have goals that are also social/ romantic in nature.
&gt; ENFJ best: compassionate mentors; worst: (ironically) emotionally detached

You're the first I've see anywhere that has touched on our emotional detachment... It's true in my experience.Yup. You're exactly right. 

Being emotionally invested can be very unproductive, because most of the time people need you to empathise but also sort their thoughts and feelings out alongside them. Not absorb their emotions like a sponge and then feel bad for yourself too. I like to think of myself as a caring facilitator.

My care and concern does come from a very genuine place, and a lot of times I do truly feel for the person in question, but it's just not productive be consumed by their feelings.Hmm I honestly can't relate to what you've said here.

Generally, I'm the kind of person who doesn't need constant communication to stay emotionally connected to people I've once crossed paths with. There's no disconnect in that sense.

As for vulnerability, I'm very very quick about sharing, letting my guard down, etc. Especially around people whom 1) I see a long term friendship/ relationship with, 2) people who are shy and need me to take the first step. Just less likely to be vulnerable to someone I know I wouldn't gel with.

As for enthusiasm... That's genuine, for me. Everyone is interesting to me. Every person is a case study I can learn something from. Every person is worth my time and attention, and I give as much as I take. When a connection is established, nothing can really take that away.No freakin' way. None of my Fe dom friends or myself would ever consider ourselves introverted.Wtf, I do... And I have noticed this with my few ENFJ female friends as well. We're very physically "round" too, in terms of our bodies and facial features. Not lithe and slender like I notice in most SFJs!You're right, and /r/neibegafig is right as well.

Keeping the peace and making others happy is much more an Enneagram type 9 thing than Fe. A lot of type 9s are INFPs or ISFJs, which explains why a lot of INFPs think they might be Fe.This is Enneagram 9 more than Fe.Me. Probably everyone.

And therefore I don't even fully trust my present self, since I know future me will always find past me stupid as shit.Good for you.You got a low score because of your selfishness, lack of teamwork, thinking you're better than everyone else, and insisting that your way is the only right way.

Nobody likes meeting for projects but sometimes it is the fastest way to delegate and get shit done.Annoying article as a whole.

There's so much discussion, and at times generalisation and romanticisation of social introversion that it's no longer "misunderstood", as the author suggests. 

Instead, I feel like extraversion is misunderstood as lacking depth, superficiality, sensation-receptive, etc. As if we don't have internal thoughts, "rich inner worlds", sensitivity to external stimuli, and intensity. We're not walking, hollow cavities just waiting to be provoked or stimulated.That's the fucking stupidest thing I have ever heard of. Good riddance, no loss to you, good on you for keeping a clear head! 

I really hope you don't let it get to you. If you have treated them with integrity and sincerity, **what they do from then on is a reflection of them, not you.** Are they going to flip if you tell them you are actually a mistyped Feeler? I really hope they outgrow this mentality one day.

Unfortunately, it's what a lot of people in the MBTI community do. Even in this sub. I hate that shit, cut it out. This theory is imperfect. It accounts for so fucking little of a person. 

*(Also, is high school really that rough in the USA? Assuming OP is from the USA)*/u/curiouspersonnn thanks for your answers! I always see depictions of American high schools in the media, but I always took it with a pinch of salt. That's completely nuts to me that there is more than a grain of truth to what is depicted!&gt; This makes all types capable of all behaviors in the end.

And people fucking are.

The system is incomplete. Imperfect. It does not purport to tell you everything about everyone. No single theory out there can. On some levels it tries to, but it doesn't claim to be the be all and end all of it.

So before you go around judging it for what it is, and what it reasonably claims to be, stop being so fucking abrasive.Generally, Fe doms. Also people who have experienced for long/ grown up in abusive environments (not me).

Both groups are extremely sensitive to non-verbal communication — body language, intonation — from other people. My ESFJ friend is both, and I find I have to try my very best to be gentle around her, because I'm quite an aggressive speaker.

I know I am very sensitive to non-verbal communication, and I don't know how to turn it off. It's a blessing and a curse. 

On one hand, I am attuned to the emotional atmosphere of the people I'm around. My girlfriends bring their boys to me because they deem me the "final test" for whether those boys are boyfriend material, lol. Most people are not that malicious though, for real. On the other hand, I know when my boyfriend is even the slightest bit annoyed at me and I can take it personally if I'm on my PMS lmao.

THAT SAID, if a person knows another person extremely intimately and they have that kind of special connection, both might be able to detect each others' lies.Yeah... You're being rude to someone who was interpreting the theory, not the actual author of the theory. You asked a question, she dealt with it with what she knew. Now, you deal with it.

Nobody gives you the permission to be abrasive. Are you this used to blaming your behaviours on someone else? Not fucking cool. Don't "disgrace logic", as you would say.Beautiful projection.The following is my understanding of Ni as an Ni aux. I'd better caveat that this is just my interpretation!!

To me, Ni is no "mystery". Ni is not special. I repeat, Ni is not special. It has unfortunately been over-romanticised to a fucking ridiculous point, which is probably what perpetuates the confusion and ~mystery~. Personally, it's easiest to understand it by comparing it with Si. I want to also explain why I think people so glorify Ni.

It's hard to give examples of NiTe ve NiFe because then we'll just be comparing Te and Fe. Ni, like Si, can't operate in a vacuole. Let me explain.

**MECHANISM**

* Ni and Si are like "internal memory libraries" from which a dom/aux will refer.

* Ni is a library that consolidates PAST EXPERIENCES in **unspecific, broad, conceptual ideas**. Naturally, Ni tends to gloss over information when "storing" them.

* Si is a library that consolidates PAST EXPERIENCES with **specific, sensory, detail**. Naturally, Si tends to remember information with excruciating detail when "storing" them.

* Both libraries produce A LIBRARY OF PRINCIPLES FOR THE DOM/AUX TO REFER TO.

* Therefore, both are prone to JUMPING TO CONCLUSIONS WITH LITTLE INFORMATION.

* Both will refer to this library when having to MAKE DECISIONS.

* Both can also be equally RESISTANT TO IDEAS that are contrary to these principles. So stop saying that Si types are the traditionalists. Ni types can be fucking stubborn as well.

* Every Ni and Si dom/aux has a UNIQUE library of principles. No two are the same, but they can be highly similar.

**EXAMPLES**

* You tell your friend, "I've been cheated on by my girlfriend. Why?"

* Your friend, whether Ni or Si dom/aux, immediately "searches" his library for subjective experiences with instances of cheating in his past to give you an answer.

* Your friend, whether Ni or Si dom/ aux, might (for example) notice that cheating often happens when the cheater is feeling like she needs more attention and validation from others — "attention seeking", we'll call it.

* Your **Ni dom** friend might say something generalised, based on one or two anecdotes he has stored in his library, like **"people do that when they are insecure in who they are"** — a broader interpretation of "attention-seeking".

* Your **Si dom** friend might say something with more specificity, based on one or two anecdotes he has stored in his library, like **"sometimes insecure people feel lonely and invalidated so they seek it from elsewhere, like in x, y, z ways, which results in cheating"** — a more specific interpretation of "attention-seeking".

* The gist of the answer is similar, the mechanism of reaching the conclusion is similar, but the final output will SOUND different.

* Not the best example, but I tried!

**MANIFESTATIONS AND REACTIONS**

* Imagine that a person always has an answer for all of your "why" questions, but you know his confidence in his answers stem directly from his own subjective experiences.

* **If this is Si**, he might give answers with so much specificity that sometimes it can be hard to relate. Someone might retaliate, "but that's your experience only, how can you assume so quick?" 

And because they are so confident about how to live through such specific scenarios that they have personally witnessed/ lived through, they would not have the same confidence when facing questions about new scenarios. People might say, "why are you so resistant to doing it in another way?"

* **If this is Ni**, he might give answers that are so general that sometimes people find it too philosophical/ whimsical. THIS IS WHY THE ROMANTICISM OCCURS. Ni types have, more often than not, a set of generalised "theories" that they absolutely stand by. 

Unlike Si types, this stored library data is GENERAL in nature. Because of this, Ni types are quick to extrapolate and apply their theories to even the littlest information they have gathered. And because of this extrapolation, Ni types seem more willing to "dive into the unknown", and face scenarios they have not encountered. Altogether, this can make them sound incredibly presumptive — I would know. To others, this might be seen as being wise/ good predictor of the future.Same for me; 85% is relatable almost identically.I (ENFJ) was recently a research assistant to one of the most formidable empiricists and International Law professors in the world; he's an ENTJ. I worked very closely with him for a period of a few months.

When it came to sampling case studies, my professor was big on **no selection**. It was a non-negotiable. He HAD to test every single case. Random selection was not good enough. He even had to go over every case on his own, even though that was what I was hired by him for. NOTHING could be left out. He did not want to ever be criticised for under representing and over claiming.

He basically analysed ALL cases arising from the European Convention of Human Rights. There were thousands. He simply refused to select — as in, refused to narrow the case studies down by picking systematically and/or randomly.

Based on that experience, along with my experiences with my ENTJ sister and boyfriend, ...

&gt; Now, Te dominants, if the problem didn't require that in all 100% cases it must be proved true, would just testing 10-15 examples (or whatever number) be enough for you? 

Nope!

&gt; Or if the world was composed only of Te doms or whatever, would in math class the problems require to prove the result true in all 100% cases or would you literally find it logical to put in exams "Test it a few times and if it's always the case in like 10 examples then consider it general truth"? 

I think not too.

I do not think at all that Te types are less thorough than Ti types actually.Why not? I'm pretty damn sure he was.

I've asked him why. It's academic integrity to him and he is paid a lot of money to do what he does. He also wants to be ready to defend anyone who want to tear down his theories.No.Is the assumption here that Ti/ Te somehow relates to smartness?Everyone "utilises" their thinking and feeling functions all the time. I'd be hard pressed to find someone who navigates every moment of their lives solely through one or the other.

Your statement is akin to saying that inferior F types prefer not to consider the alignment of their values/ feelings/ whatever else Feeling manifests as, by default, and I just don't think that's the case.

I don't like the idea that I'm supposed to be an exception or something; it's the whole "inferior T users are less rational unless proven otherwise" thing that bothers me. 

Further, how do you know if I "utilise my thinking function because of law school", when it could very well be that I'm in law school *because* I am predisposed to that kind of "Thinking" behaviour in the first place?

Sorry, I promise I'm not picking at you; I think I'm very disillusioned with the theory at the moment.&gt; MBTI is like if you had to describe the entire world using only the primary colors. Suddenly, you see purple and have to decide whether it's a shade of blue or red.

Great analogy. I'm with you on this. 

A person's MBTI type does not encapsulate the whole of them. Believing so only creates wars about who fits in a box and who doesn't, which to me ultimately sours the reasons for a person's interest in and application of the theory.&gt; ENFJs on the other hand don't really get this high from taking care of people's immediate needs. How can we nurture others when we can't even take care of ourselves. Our retarded Si forbids it.

HAHAH. My boyfriends have Acts of Service as their love languages and it takes a real concerted effort on my part to get those acts going......... I can't even do shit for myself whereas my ESFJ friends would be gr8 at all those things.That's like...just a kid thingI have zero faith in that one set of statistics that were collected from a

* small

* American sample, from

* 20 years ago

* without explications as to the researchers' methodology.That's just your personal experience. 

If anecdotal evidence is inconclusive, the data is over claiming as fuck. How do you even justify extrapolating that data to the rest of the world?

I'd like to think it's the latter. Your comment drips with intuitive bias; as if ESFs are the only people capable of being "vapid". I'm surrounded by Intuitives.That's just your personal experience. 

If anecdotal evidence is inconclusive, the data is over claiming as fuck. How do you even justify extrapolating that data to the rest of the world?

I'd like to think it's the latter. Your comment drips with intuitive bias; as if ESFs are the only people capable of being "vapid". I'm surrounded by Intuitives.NoIf you know who you are and it helps you in your life and relationships, that's all that you really need.Nope, I don't think so. However, I've gotten more cynical the older I am HAHA. It has nothing to do with others.I find this funny. 

I also think that understanding the introvert/ extravert divide has improved understanding amongst all persons in my life. It's like a magical switch that adjusts everyone's expectations of hanging out, commitment, socialisation, energy levels, and etc, when it comes to different people.

Maybe you should try to explain it to them!What's PoLR Si like?

ENTJ and myself are so...crippled/ clumsy in some of our daily ways that I wonder how we even got to this point in lifeThey are really rational and reasonable about relationships, unless it is their own. 

It irritates me when my INFJ friends preach about not staying in toxic/ abusive relationships because they SO know how it's going to end up, but put themselves in that mess any way. Some take too long/ have too much inertia/ are too attracted to the "broken" to move on.Sure, that's true. (Low esteem) INFJs have their own brand of that though.

I was referring to them

* ignoring nuances when picking apart other relationships based on their internal worldview ("I just KNOW your relationship will not end well"), yet

* throwing any semblance of that away and rationalising the nuances in their own toxic relationships because they can't bear to leave ("But no one will "get" me or love me likes he does; I'm willing to be the one that inspires him to change.")

Someone else might see this as being extremely compassionate, empathetic, and forgiving. I personally am not so kind and feel like it's a waste of heartbreak.Personally, I love Carol Ann Duffy! Her works are so "everyday" but with so many layers and levels of abstraction. 

On the other hand, I think Lang Leav is crap. A disgrace to literature. Weak content, poor form. No form.* **Some INFPs have the whole ~original~ and oooh ~I'm not like the others~ narrative going on...**

...when in reality, they try so hard to stray from the mainstream that they become so universal and basic in what is indie. Might be an enneagram type thing, I don't know.

* **Some INFPs are also too self-focussed, idealistic, and therefore romanticise bad behaviour, whether from themselves or others...**

"I know he cheated on her but I can understand his point of view; his ex was a good girlfriend but he internally had so much pain and depression and sadness... I don't blame him at all." 

My closest younger cousin emotionally cheated on her boyfriend countless times, but still manages to rationalise her nebulous personal boundaries away in a way I can't even reenact. It is convincing and I can empathise because that's just how she is, but I often have to remind myself not to fall into that kind of thinking. I love her for all her goodness though.Not gonna lie it can lead to some pretty rad conversations at times...but yeah sometimes we just want to feel heard and have our petty ass everyday vent/ comment so let's stay on topic please 😂I particularly like Warming Her Pearls, Recognition, Correspondence, and Standing Female Nude! Her most popular poem is Valentine though, it's a great one too.

I also searched Nikki Giovanni and Charles Bukowski - I think I much prefer the latter, his work is poignant!I love me some NTJs. 

The few users on this sub or in real life, who might contribute to your perception of them as being arrogant, might just be piss poor examples of human beings in the first place. Because they are that...problematic, it seems inevitable that they are attracted to some sort of glorified xNxJ label will fit their self-inflated perception of their selves.

That's my 2c.I really don't understand your verbiage or odd/ excessively grandiose use of vocabulary here. I find this common with Ni doms and I mean no offence when I ask — why?

Do other Ni doms understand this?Cool, thanks for answering. I wonder if other INxJs can relate. I share the same functions as you guys and I can mostly get what you are trying to say if I peered pass your "individual thought filter". No offence, as a Je dom, I just like things simplified 😆

Intellectual property, matrimonial, criminal!Je = shorthand for Extraverted Judging.

I'm a Fe-dom = Extraverted Feeling dominant. Fe is a Judging function. Te (ExTJs are Te doms) is too.

Why omg really?**Ego-motivated overclaiming**. 

ENxJs extrapolate from little data. If someone challenges their conclusions, especially if uncertainly made, they somehow become even more confident of said uncertain conclusions LOL.

*ENTJ*: Heck it, let's do it X way.

*Others*: (senses ENTJ's uncertainty) Are you sure?

*ENTJ*: Ugh, yeah??

*Others*: Are you really sure though, I thought we agreed on Y earlier.

*ENTJ*: Whatever who even cares what we agreed on earlier? I am COMPLETELY sure that X is the right way.

This is genuinely difficult for me because it's my favourite type and every stereotypical "flaw" I think I can accept. It feels like I'm nitpicking.While I think most Thinkers can be sensitive, I think ENTPs are the most visibly-sensitive of Thinkers. 

They try to tease and provoke people all the time, but when you do the exact same back to them, they get very visibly offended and it shows in their expressions. You'd think they will "reretaliate", but they usually stop there and are blankly like "well yeah that flaw is something I'm working on."Yeah fortunately it's obvious whether it's sensitivity or genuine acknowledgement of a flaw.

The worst I've witnessed is when an ENTP buddy of mine was ruthlessly poking fun at our law prof. When prof retaliated with a witty funny burn, ENTP got visibly upset and was "well uhhh...k". Awkward as fuck.That's how I see it too :) Puzzle pieces.Morality is far from a static thing — this applies to both personal and “objective” morality. It is malleable, and rationally changes with time, context, people, etc.

**In this way, I find Fe, like Te, to be very utilitarian (even consequentialist) in nature.**

To that end, my personal values do not matter if they go against the grain of The Greater Good. If doing X is for the best of everyone, my personal values can go to shit. 

It’s **long-term social investment** for me, so it’s not like I lose out anyway — if I can champion something that I didn’t believe in but I rationally know is better for everyone, they will see me as a good leader. There’s something great about that.Your entire criticism applies to everyone though. I'm not sure why it is particularly salient that I have Fe-Ni; I don't think anyone is EVER completely objective.

I can never be a truly objective leader, but I sure as heck will try to be as objective as I can with what I have. Your questions about my line of thinking operates on the assumption that I haven't consulted the people about it, or that I will be the Sole Decision Maker. When it comes to big decisions that affect many people, I like to hear everybody before I come to an aggregate consensus. I also like to have people decide WITH me.

Can I ask; what is this for?Oh no it’s okay, I’m just curious why you asked this question :-)Wow I never thought about the second half of your comment in that way. It is very true. I think OP meant no harm though.

Tangentially, barring whatever religious rules, if one even considers promoting the freedom to love a worthy moral dilemma...under which rock are they living? 😅You expressed frustration at hypotheticals involving the subject matter OP came up with, so I pointed out the fact that OP might not have been alert to possible frustrations as such. 

It has nothing to do with undermining your frustrations, framework shifting, or focus, or marginalisation; and everything to do with not making OP feel like he did anything wrong. As I'd imagine, he apologised in his comment below.It's almost like as if they are people in generalNo haha, I'm just kidding that most people seem to be really good or really evil, so ENTPs aren't different in that sense.Well I thought I replied with an...explanation. You asked me why, so I explained it. You might see as a defence, maybe because it sounded defensive; I get that. I am not the softest writer out there.

It also doesn’t mean that I didn’t hear what you were saying — I did, my gut reaction was more, “it’s not that deep!” and I didn’t think it was necessary to engage in that kind of analysis or conversation. To that end, it might very well be a Je v Pi thing. The very specific subject matter really has little to no application for me irl and I was lazy to discuss it.Here’s how I remind myself that people are all “more than their types” — including myself!:

**A person is a 1000-piece jigsaw puzzle.**

* Knowing MBTI might help you complete 250 pieces of the picture

* Enneagram, another 200

* Upbringing, another 250

* Culture, race, nationality, religion, and etc. another 300

When you make certain decisions, I’m pretty sure that MBTI is not the only operative...imperative. It’s only 1/4 of the picture! You are a unique individual and no one else in this world can replicate you. Imagine if there were only 16 set ways to process this world. 

When someone behaves in a way that is contrary to their type, it might be that they are mistyped, or simply that their idiosyncratic mix of the remaining 750 pieces of the jigsaw puzzle are at play.

Otherwise, I don’t know, good question, it probably takes a lot of introspection to know!You sound like an ENFP to me.

I love interior design and makeup as well, but I get particularly set on putting exactly what I want altogether, and am not the “wing it” type.On the contrary, I love planning, haha. I think everything I do is 80% planning and 20% execution!i think u r an ISxJ becos ur dominant function is Si and everyone knows Si is associated with breathing. 

Si in chinese means “to suck” or “to inhale” so there’s that. additionally Si = tradition and memories and everywun knos u gotta breathe in to trigger tradition and memories

are u feeling the breathing when you breathe or are u thinking it? that will narrow the T/F downsī (xi1) bruhinb4 intuitive bias

* IME, generally, Intuitives overthink way more than Sensors do. Or at least, Intuitives overthink about things that are less real-world-readily-applicable than Sensors: Why do we have to exist? What are dreams for? What if I never ever make it?

* Sensors are way more specific when telling stories/ sharing theories

Do not believe anyone who tells you that you can find Intuitives easily because they are usually more intelligent than Sensors. Barf.&gt; I don't think most ENFJs are interested in the same things INTPs are interested in, are they? Do they crave growth? Do they enjoy learning? I need someone that craves growth, enjoys learning, enjoys talking about the same things I do, and enjoys the same activities. They don't have to like all the same things Iike, but a lot of them at least.

With the right person, I do.

With a person who sees me as a personality type and possibly boxes me in to being less curious about the world because I’m a ~feeler~, no. 

You need to see her as more than her type. You also talk a lot about what you want from a partner, but what can YOU contribute?That’s nice, great!

As for how — just be honest, and just go for it. You say she’s a person from your past, so maybe you gotta reconnect a little with her first.

ENFJs and ENTJs I think are similar in that whole “be straight with us” regard. If she rejects you, don’t try to argue with her that she’s making a wrong decision. We know what we want. Generally, never assume that she’s not intelligent or that she needs help — we’re perfectly capable on our own.I said “ready applicable”, and meant that it often has no immediate relevance to our day to day lives. If it does have immediate relevance for you, then good for you.

These thoughts are obviously of real world application to me, just not readily. I often contemplate what will happen 50 years from now when I die, etc. This simply does not matter to me when I’m sitting on my ass at a desk trying to figure how to solve a work problem in front of me, however.What the heck these are hilarious. Well done 😂Hmm, I actually think you’re too careful, and trying too hard. Your ENTJ friend will eat you alive. 

I am a fellow ENxJ who has a handful of close ENTJs around me. I have found it suffocating when someone walks on eggshells around me because they take all my actions/ reactions too seriously, and they therefore become more anxious about trying to be...inoffensive around me.&gt; The questions for the MBTI test are not biased toward intuitive answers

They are though: if you even mention liking theories, concept, big picture, future = Intuitive! Detail, sensory experiences, present = Sensor. It isn't that binary in real life.

&gt; it’s just that more intuitives are interested in the test and are over represented on MBTI forums because of it.

This sentence proves how pervasive Intuitive Bias is. How do we know this fact above is even true? Because Sensors are dumb people who care less about theories?

&gt; Intuitive Bias is thinking N-types are better after you know you’re an intuitive.

I fail to see the difference before and after; it's not like Intuitive Bias disappears at the typing stage. Untyped, intelligent people still might tend to gravitate towards an N typing because of how shitty S descriptions are.

&gt; It manifests in us looking down on sensor types because *they (generally) didn’t understand us and undervalued us growing up.*

*Really*? Why do Sensors never complain about being misunderstood by Intuitives? Do you realise the irony of such a generality?Huh, I'm not sure where I am getting aggressive. I promise I'm not here to antagonise. For one, I am all for dispelling the Intuitive bias!

Do your views comes from a place where you think tests are reliable and accurate? I prefer studying cognitive functions, and to me tests are reliable only to a certain extent.

&gt; Never said anything about intelligence or interest in theories. We’re talking about typology, which is abstract classification that has very specific purposes (generally personal growth and better understanding of people). My statement isn’t intuitive bias.

Okay, then is there a reason why you believe Intuitives are more drawn to MBTI?Yeah okay, that's a shared understanding of the N/S difference. 

I guess my point is, 

* because a person's MBTI type accounts for so little of a person, a lot of Sensors are actually great at the symbolic/ abstract, and Intuitives are good at what's practical. For example, in law you need mastery of both N and S things. I couldn't tell the difference in N/S lawyers so easily;

* tests kind of reduce the whole "S = practical, useful" to something completely boring and matter-of-fact, and "N = symbols or abstract" into oh visionary/ future-oriented thinking/ good at predicting the future;

* therefore, where you have an (untyped) Sensor who enjoys symbolic and abstract things, and have any future-oriented visionary type-thinking, they might answer the questions on a test and get an Intuitive result.

That to me is Intuitive bias, and why I said it is there even at the typing stage.Completely agree with your final paragraph, especially. 

It’s honestly pathetic how some arrogant people can wave their “intuitiveness” over other people’s heads as if they were legitimately a higher better being. It’s something I especially hate seeing.Your username is the perfect embodiment of him as a person 😂INFP Enneagram 9OP’s username says infpSometimes we need to remember that the people behind these screens are real humans with feelings, fears, difficulties, and people who love them too :)

I consider you my friends now.

*ENFJ love hug*

**Edit: the Asian goes to sleep. Goodnight. Can't wait to see you when I wake up!**

**Edit: holy shit thank you for participating beautiful people!!**
I haven't, but I probably will at some point lol
