&gt; A notable estp-infj (se-ti and ni-fe) relationship is Donald Trump and his wife Melania

Trump is an ESFP, not ESTP. His wife probably is an INFJ but she doesn't speak much so it's hard to tell besides the introvert part.

From personal experience INFJ women tend to be very accommodating and nurturing. Essentially the stereotypical depiction of a women so it's one of the best pairs for most extroverted men. 

ESTP and ENTPs are on the jerker end of the TiFe spectrum because Ti &gt; Fe but that characteristic alone is not enough to determine a type. I think a lot of people mistype him as an ESTP because they see him as an entrepreneur, again stereotype. If anything that ESTP stereotype is more accurate of another brash billionaire, Mark Cuban. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D-tKJzkBdc

Ted Cruz is an ESTP. Trump is an ESFP. They work as great foils to compare the difference. 

Because of Ti Cruz makes *logical* attacks such as "not a true conservative, abortion, planned parenthood, voting record, etc"

Because of Fi Trump makes *value* attacks such as "biggest lier, nasty guy, no colleagues like him."

You can also view it from the opposing functions. Fe stops Ted Cruz from getting as nasty as Donald Trump while Te turns the debate into a street brawl. Se is perception not judgement

* Te + Se = ultimate power combo (which the ESFP possess). 
* Te + Si = 2nd
* Ti + Se = 3rd
* Ti + Si = most tame. &gt;  While ESFPs have some of those traits, they are surprisingly not terribly materialistic.

materialism is a tendency of strong Se 

&gt; ESTPs will use their willpower in the realm of business/academics/athletics/competition, ESFPs use it in the social realm.

Exactly. Trump isn't a traditional entrepreneur, he is a marketer. Trump's success is based largely on his image of being a successful businessman. He had been exploiting the media and tabloids for decades to create his brand image e.g. The Apprentice, WWE. &gt;Yes the marketing aspect is Fe. Steering the emotions of others. 

ESTP doesn't try steering the emotions of others. That's why they are a **T**. They try to communicate logically (**Ti**) and use **Fe** to calibrate themselves. But it's still a logical focus Ti &gt; Fe. 

&gt; ESFP know damn well when they offend others, they do it on purpose, ESTPs really don't have a clue they were being offensive sometimes.

It's the exact other way around. Fe is concerned with not offending others. Which Trump doesn't care about so it should be pretty obvious he isn't Fe. 

FYI from the way you write, I suspect you are a TiFe user that is overanalyzing personality types. In other words you are better at talking about **theoretical** difference in personality types then **properly** analyzing people.&gt;These things might only be important to him in regards to how they make other people think about him, or how it would indicate his status.

Yes that describes Trump perfectly. He puts his name in GAINT letters on buildings and airplanes. His suite in TRUMP Tower is modeled of Versailles and even his airplane has gold-platted seatbelts. Trump even said, "the look matters." He is totally obsessed with his image and depicting of status and power. 

&gt;Yeah but it pisses people off because he can't really distinguish the feelings that connect people (fi), ESFPs **can** be very non-materialistic especially if they are in the company of pothers who aren't impressed by objects.

Like I said, it's obvious to me that you have a problem with Ti. Can is the keyword in that sentence. You are basing decisions on what should be true because of your subjective thinking instead of what objectively is true. The problem is the way you are thinking. You are so convinced that ESTP act like this, ESFPs like that, ENTJs like this and so on because of Ti that can't even tell that Trump is obviously not an Fe user. It should be really obvious but you are completely blinded because of your over-reliance on Ti. 

case in point:
&gt;Much in the same way that almost basically not possible for LIIs and EIIs to be confrontational in your face shit starters on a regular basis.


more subjective theory. 
I think INFP is a good call as well. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgZsN8nh2AEENFP - Far right. &gt;ENFP: equality for all people regardless of culture or religion, stop fucking racism, we are one race of human beings

That's crap. There are cultures and religions that are better than others. I don't think lazy Frenchmen that works 35hr a week should be equal to a hardworking Korean that is slaving away 80hr a week at Samsung.
&gt; This level of conscious racism among those in power manifested through prejudice and the institutionalization of systems that create suffering makes my blood boil.

This is such crap. Explain.&gt; we are one regardless of our birthplace

So you are against local representation democracy and want a one-world government with open borders and all that? Because that is what you are saying. USA. Please example these institutionalized systems of prejudice and suffering because from what I see Americans care more about taking care of foreigners than their own citizens. Walk is an INTJ.

Jesse is an ESFP but sometimes has an ENFP moment. Explain to me the people who are "differentiating others and segregating others because they think that they are superior than all the other people."

Also explain to me how "we are one regardless of our birthplace?" So you don't believe science exists? No evolution? No genetic differences between brother and sister or different genders or races? We are all "one regardless of our birthplace (under the creation of God)?"Again example to me? Also the following writing is ENTP, not ENFP.

&gt; This level of conscious racism among those in power manifested through prejudice and the institutionalization of systems that create suffering makes my blood boil.Used to be independent, then realized how fucked up and racist the left was and became far right. But please explain yourself. Who are these people and what are they doing? My Te want to know. Exactly. You have no evidence at all but a misguided (Ti) theory. Nor do you care to even hear my side of the story. Here is the thing. Both ENTPs and ENFPs will think they are logical  because both are. The difference is ENTP is using deductive logic while the ENFP is using inductive logic. I don't think either type will like to say "I like being emotional and not rational." That's why the questionnaire sucks. 

My gut vibe, just based on the writing style is ENFP. There is a lot of pragmatism in your writing.

&gt;I'm very good at...

&gt;Maybe I need ....

&gt; I have a hard time really knowing how I'll feel about something before it happens..

&gt;I'm developing...

&gt;I get better at...

&gt;I mean well

&gt; I'm growing

The best way to describe your writing is cause -&gt; effect which is Te. You aren't concerned with theoretical stuff like the Ti user. Furthermore the fact that everything is so focused on yourself, even using the world "I" often is a good indication of Fi. 

&gt;I like to use brainstorming over personal experience

Ne &gt; Si

FYI be careful because this is the biggest weakness of the ENxP. It's incredibly important to do a cost-benefit assessment when you take action because of Ne. I always ask what worst case scenario is if I am wrong.

&gt;   I offend people a lot on accident and I really feel bad when **I step back and look at the situation**. But a lot of the times, I realize what I'm doing to the person and **I don't genuinely care**, I'll just fake my sorry.

That is Fi. The ENTP because of Ti &gt; Fe will say things that offend others but if they genuinely believe they are hurting someone then they'll pull back because of Fe vs. the ENFP that'll plow through from Fi. 

&gt;I disagree, tertiary Fe gets overridden by Ne-Ti quite a lot. If the ENTP thinks something to be true and doesn't care that much about a person, or at least what that person thinks, they'll usually just keep going because the truth is more important.

It depends. The reason I know it's Fi is the first bolded quote. He goes back on the situation and feels bad. That's because Fi is like an on/off switch. In the moment it doesn't care because it's about satisfying the users desire but upon reflection he can put himself in the other's shoe and feel what they felt. Fe is always on so it doesn't exhibit this type of emotional reflection / regret unless the user believes they acted inappropriately. In which case they would not do that in the future vs. the OP that realized this but still doesn't care. 

&gt;I think OP is Fe because of the anti-feelings in arguments rule. ENFPs tend to integrate feelings with their arguments, kinda like a spice.

The problem with this is how we define the world "feelings." Feelings aren't just I feel upset so I will be moody or I am angry so I will insult but values, what is right or wrong, what is good or bad, moral or immoral etc. Thus an ENFPs Fi is just as *rational* as ENTPs Ti because they are both subjective judgement functions. 

A great example is an ENFPs Fi will attack the credibility of the witness (ad hominem). To an ENFP this is completely logical because a person's character or background effects their perception. Society  agrees by saying yes this is true in the courtroom. 

&gt;That said, you're right about the cause -&gt; effect thing, but TBH Ti is inclined to behave just the same sometimes.

Reread his entire post and examine just the style. Don't try to look for any individual example of cognitive functions. It should be obvious that it isn't Ti writing. His writing is fairly loose and organic. He doesn't have the rigidity or structure that is present in Ti. 

&gt;What's really throwing me off is the lack of Ne-speak. There's really not enough "maybe", "probably", "kinda", "potentially" in there. (That said, we're choosing between ENTP and ENFP, so that's neither here nor there.)

* 3 maybe
* 5 think
* 2 hope
* 5 feel
* 7 understand 

&gt; When evaluating something INTPs will consider "What is true?" and an INFP will consider "Does this matter?". INTPs are objective. They look for empirical truth. INFPs are subjective. They look for meaning.

I don't nitpick so this is really important. Both the INTP and INFP are subjective. Ti and Fi are both subjective judgement functions. 

Furthermore the word "empirical" is defined as

&gt;based on, concerned with, or verifiable by observation or experience rather than theory or pure logic.

In other words Te not Ti. So the correct word is "theoretical" for INTPs.  

&gt; Us feelings types like to consider ourselves to be very reasonable (and we think that equates to logical), but if you spend any time around a truly logic-dominant person, it's incredibly obvious that we are not the same.

This is correct. Thinking and Feeling are both defined as rational (judgement) functions. There is nothing more rational about thinking over feeling. &gt;Structural racism

Blacks make up 13% of the US population but they are 75% of the NBA. Is there structural racism against white people in the NBA? Do we need less blacks in the NBA?

Or what about Silicon Valley. Asians are 5% of the population but they are 30% of Silicon Valley. Is there structural racism against white in Silicon Valley? Do we need less Asians in tech? 

That is what your PDF author is arguing for. He doesn’t want equality (equal opportunity). He wants equity (equal outcome). But he is only looking at the places where he believes whites are discriminating against blacks and shields himself from any criticism by redefining racism as “projective + power” i.e. a [black person can’t be racism because he isn’t powerful.]( http://www.jookos.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/reverse-racism-300x2402.jpg) He is defining himself as a victim and viewing the world through that false perception. That’s why it’s crap.

&gt;It identifies dimensions of our history and culture that have allowed privileges associated with “whiteness” and disadvantages associated with “color” to endure and adapt over time."

That was true 60 years ago. It is not true today. I was watching Colbert Report and a (black) guest said that Michelle Obama was the perfect “black” women and the audience clapped. Now imagine if a white person said Melina Trump is the perfect “white” women. They would be boo’d off stage and called a racist. Today the word “white” has a negative connotation. 

&gt;White pride is a motto primarily used by white separatist, white nationalist, neo-Nazi and white supremacist organizations to signal racist or racialist viewpoints.

&gt;Black Power is a political slogan and a name for various associated ideologies aimed at achieving self-determination for people of African descent… emphasizing racial pride and the creation of black political and cultural institutions to nurture and promote black collective interests[3] and advance black values.
 
White is only used in the context of discrimination and oppression while non-White is disadvantaged or victim. White people don’t have the right to be proud of their heritage, any white historic figure is scrutinized for any modern transgression (founding fathers = slave owners, Bill Clinton = racist crime bill, etc). White people have no right to talk about race and if they even try to speak on the issue then they have to preface with #NotAll

&gt;unequal pay

Myth. Women CHOOSE jobs with lower wages or work less hours because of gender differences. 

&gt;companies not hiring individuals based on their gender identity

Companies don’t want sexual harassment lawsuits waiting to happen. 

&gt;infamous North Carolina bathroom bill

I agree with this but for a different reason. I believe unisex bathrooms are the most fair. 

&gt;Another great concept in this presentation is that racial justice does not equal equality or diversity alone. It equals equity because equity implies fairness, while the former two do not.

Since you brought up racial justice. America is undergoing a massive demographic shift. In 1960 America was 85% white. In 2060 it will be 45% white. White Americans have allowed so much immigration that they are on track to be a minority in their own country. If they were trying to preserve “institutionalized racism” then they are doing a lousy job of it. 

&gt;and the issue of urban neighborhood segregation

Black people commit a disproportionate amount of crime. A non-black person would be a fool to live in a black community. 

&gt;police forces show signs of institutional and structural racism

Are black people at all responsible for their own actions? The ideology of institutionalized racism denies free will and places all the blame on society / police force and none on the individual. (This is Ti logic to the extreme). 

&gt;It's also poor form to charge someone's perspective as "crap" before you've even considered it.

Because I assumed that you were going to say the typical SJW nonsense and I was correct. I want to add one last point. 

The era of white America and America in general is over. In 10 years China will have a larger GDP than America. They will be the dominate super power. In large part because white American businessman shipped so many jobs over to China and pandered to the Chinese market (Apple Gold iPhone). 

On top of that through immigration millions of Asians are coming to America. The last bit of real institutionalized racism is in Ivy league diversity requirements that keep whites at 40% &amp; Asians at 20%. Without those requirements Asians would be 40% of the student body / 50%+ total including international students like at UCLA and Berkeley. The white people you see in power today are relics of the baby boomer generation. The future is an Asian upperclass, like we already see in Berkeley and Silicon Valley. 

http://www.nicholasquigley.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/20-Shanghai-1990-vs-2010.jpg
&gt;Fi users usually get on my nerves so it would be kinda hard for me to be able to see how I am Fi

1st are you sure you know the difference between Fi and Fe? Second any function that isn't well-developed is annoying. 

For instance I know an Fi couple. i remember one time got into a huge argument right in front of me about who lost the weed. They were soo focused on themselves (Fi) that they didn't care the scene they were causing. If there Te was working right then they'd realize they aren't accomplishing anything and making the situation even worse. 

On the flip-side of my former friends was an ENFJ. She would get very butthurt when I said even the tiniest phrase that wasn't political or socially correct. She was soo focused on stopping anything that could disturb the harmony of the group that she failed too see her harsh scolding was far worse. If her Ti was working then she wouldn’t overreacting because she’d be able to analyze social norms instead of blindly enforcing them.

So any function can be annoying when taken to the extreme. 

&gt;But definantly not the most emotionally focused person. Idk maybe I am wrong, maybe I just don't understand tertiary Fe or aux Fi, maybe I don't understand anything. I'd be open to more help.

That's maturity. I don't think anyone but the most crazy people will say "yes I am emotional." 

Fi is the exact same rational structure as Ti. The difference is Fi builds a complex rational system based on values (feelings) while Ti builds it based on ideas (thinking). 

&gt;And ENTP will probably like to spend their alone time thinking about more theoretical things, that have little to do with emotions in general. An ENFP may enjoy this too, but thinking about and considering their own emotions comes first.

Ideally yes the ENTP is more studied to science while the ENFP to relationships but there are tons of ENTPs in politics for instance e.g. Bill Maher, Cenk, etc. 

&gt;I don't know if I would have Te in my stack either, but hey who knows.
I also hope my word choice isn't the main focus here. It's known that wording is more of a conditioned thing than it is you genuinely are meaning it. Hard to put into words for me but you get what I mean. My word choice is dependent on the people I'm hanging around. That's like picking my type by my accent almost.

Once you learn the functions then you'll be able to spot them in people's writing. It's both the word choice and writing style. People having unique mannerisms is a unique point. 

My thought process is the following: I don't sense Ti from your style of flow. Can I confirm lack of Ti with Te? I sense a few things that could be Te but I'm not 100% sure. So what about Fe? I don't sense any Fe either. What about Fi? Yes I do sense quite a lot of Fi.

So No Ti and no Fe + maybe Te and yes Fi. So I'm fairly confident in that you can't be an ENTP. reveal it. personality type is genetic. 

If you are an ENFP but your social skills aren't honed then you might mistype yourself as an INFP. My best friend is an ISTP. We have a lot of communication issues because all our functions are swapped. It doesn't help that I understand ISTP and he doesn't understand any types besides himself, and even then I'd say his Fe is underdeveloped. I think your gut instinct is right and it'll be a difficult pair to work. Yes. Sounds like an ENxP that is still struggling to understand inf. Si. 

&gt;If our eyes are always fixed on the things of the past, then there will be inevitable danger ahead.

No shit. Extreme Si = robot, repeat as done in the past without evaluating the situation. With that said, failing to look back leads to extreme Ne = daredevil risk taker implosion (similar to Se) &gt; Exactly, which is exactly why pro gamers are high Si users. Finally we have someone demonstrating real knowledge on Si.

Actually a lot of the pro gamers (and athletes) are SeNi. 

Si would be raw repetition whereas Ni would be honing skills. Like I said Si would be robotic to the point they'd fail to adapt to the minute situational differences. Which Se would also help the user see. 

To rephrase. Se is living in the moment and Ni if figuring out what to do next. Si is living in the past while Ne is predicting what the future could be. &gt;The differences between ENTJ and ENTP vs the differences between ESTJ and ESTP

P and J makes the types completely opposite. 

http://understandmyersbriggs.blogspot.com/2012/12/the-8-cognitive-functions.html

&gt;but also to get a better understanding of NT and ST.

Pointless. The types can be grouped in many different ways. The most useful is arguably the quadra / axes pairs. There is a lot of Fe in your writing. 

&gt; experiencing a loss of self 

&gt; the effects other’s existence can still be felt and reflected upon. It is only through this process that one is able to analyze the depths of who they really are

&gt;Having an identity is having a gift

&gt;you will always have your place in the fabric of reality.

I wouldn't expect an INTP to use that much Fe in their writing.

&gt;the analogous blue background represents the metaphorical fabric of reality 

&gt;gives a glimpse of the usual behavior of the fabric, and the latter shows a novel synthesization

&gt;symbiotic dualities 

These are all examples of SeNi.

I would say the first paragraph shows TiFe while the second paragraph is SeNi.

The four possible types are ESTP, ISTP, ENFJ, INFJ. 

I think INFJ is the best fit because I don't think an ISTP would use that much Fe in their writing and you use very little Se. OP didn't mention NT and ST randomly. He is focusing on them because of Kiersey Temperaments. Yes any comparison will yield new information however in this context it's pointless to focus on Kiersey as a beginner, especially because it's not even the best grouping.  biggest weakness will be the inf. function.

Since I'm an Ne dom my biggest weakness is the same as yours

&gt;never follow through on one's plansI completely agree. I would also add the OP's argument is wrong too. 
&gt;Si can surpass Se given enough practice.

I don't think you understand the functions very well if you are saying function x is better than Y. All the functions are by definition equal. It is merely the application that favors a certain function over another.

&gt;Si can surpass Se given enough practice. ( assuming both players are of equal talent of course)


No because in this context Ni would surpass Si. 

Ni has the exact same practice quality that Si possesses except Si requires identical circumstances whereas Ni has that flexibly of being intuition instead of sensation. 

&gt; That "novel synthesization" part was describing an area I spilled paint on LOL.

That's how SeNi often works. Se takes raw sensation as it is, in this case spilled paint, then Ni imagines connections, symbolic in this case. 

I always hated English class because I struggle with that type of writing. Si wants actual connections between sensation and other sensation and hates treating the imaginative links of Ni as reality. 
&gt; Plus Ni is abstract so how in the world is an N going to surpass an S at sports?

Se takes the real world for what it actually is. In other words it's getting as raw sensation as possible in the moment which is exactly what you want for sports. Ni then creates a game plan or plan of attack. It's similar to Si in that both are honed through experience. The difference is Si becomes rigid since it needs the present to be identical to the past while the abstraction of Ni gives it the flexibility needed to make micro-calibrations. &gt; ISTPs and INTP may both have inferior fe but overthinking is more of an issue with the latter.

Overthinking is an issue precisely because feeling is the inferior function. 

Your weakness are defined as weaknesses of your functions. You specifically asked of the **biggest** weakness and that will be the inf. function. ur wrong n i am rite. INTP isn't possible because you are clearly using SeNi not SiNe

&gt;The umbilical cord is shaped in dendrite-fashion as material for a fabric,

Se

&gt;...fusing the themes of mind and body,

Ni

Ni is connecting lots of different subjectives interpretations for the objective sensation. In this case umbilical cord -&gt; fusing mind and body. Si would be the inverse. It would link the subjective sensation together, in this the umbilical cord would remind the user or another situational involving maybe child birth. The Ne would come up with objective interpretations. Because of that Ne tends not to be as definite or concrete.

&gt;even the concrete qualities of the fetus itself oppose the abstract nature of the fabric.

Maybe it does oppose but maybe it doesn't Ne wants to account for all variables, like every objective functions, so it tends not to make sure definite statements.

&gt;The fetus that **represents** 

&gt; Multiple symbiotic dualities **are shown**

see very concrete statements inductive of Ni but not Ne.

As for ISTP and INFJ. If your fairly active and like lots the thrills, sensations, sports and competitive video games then probably ISTP with high Se. If you are more sympathetic, speculative and laid back then probably INFJ. 

I was going to make a topic about a similar post.

You are correct the guide is not written accurately HOWEVER that interpretation is actually correct. Myers and Briggs completely screwed up with the J/P for introvert. By using first extraverted function MBTI is stating that extraverted functions are MORE important than introverted and this is just not true at all. They broke the symmetry.

Socionomics is correct to redefine the introverted types e.g.

&gt; MBTI:INTJ -&gt; Socionomics:INTp 

From personal experience one of my best friends is an ISTP and there is no way in hell he is a P. He judges first because of Dom Ti then reevaluates, if necessary. 

Similarly Stephen Colbert is an INFP but he's completely rude and disrespectful to guests, especially those he disagrees with. Dom Fi judging in action. INFj is a better fit. 

Micheal Pierce on YouTube is an INFJ but he is so open to new ideas and constantly coming up with new insights on philosophy through MBTI. INFp is a much better fit. &gt;I would tend to agree, but....

&gt; This is just semantics, though. The P doesn't really mean that he is primarily a perceiver. It means that he is perceptive in his orientation to the outside world (via his Se). When people interact with him, they will notice that he is perceptive.

well then you are agreeing with MBTI system.

The idea that people sense only the extraverted functions or people align themselves with the outside function makes no sense. If that was the case then we wouldn't be able to tell the introverted functions exist in other people because they would be hidden. From a purely cognitive function point of view this is saying that extraverted functions are more important then the introverted function. It's a total misunderstanding introversion and extraversion. It's also where a lot of the bad MBTI stereotypes emerge such as Fi users keeping their feelings inside and not showing the world. Totally false. 

So Yes XXXP should mean primarily perceiver, P is the dominant function so they perceive then judge.
&gt;or how everything fits together in a* logical, objective* way based on corresponding features.

You are misusing those 2 words. Correct, Ti is logical but so is Te and Fi and Fe. All the judgement functions by definition are logical (rational). Second Ti is defined as subjective. It's actually the exact opposite of objective. 

&gt;This systemized understanding is built up and refined over time. Ti-dominants like coming up with rules for themselves, and rationalizing almost everything that they do before they do it. Ti-doms love to think and make sure both themselves, and others, are consistent in their behavior, or ideologies. They can come off as very self-disciplined or having high standards.

Everything you said here is true about Ti HOWVER it can also be said about Fi. You are describing the common characteristics of the the introverted rational functions (Fi and Ti) rather than Ti itself.  

&gt;anything can be reduced to the subject if you think about it...

No. Fe when used correctly is objective. It takes account of all feelings of others. Same with Te, when done right it accounts for as many variables as possible. 

The biggest problem people have is they treat their subjective judgements (Fi and Ti) as objective.

&gt;Ti &amp; Fi are both rational functions so there can be a lot of similarities but it's what it's being directed towards that make them different. Fi focuses more on judgments of value between people, again, in a systemized manner (attraction/repulsion/etc.). Ti, however, focuses on **logical** feelings of similarity, variations, symmetry, etc.

This is better. However you are still misusing the world logical. Logic = rational and all judegement functions are logical. All introverted rational functions are axiom based. The difference is that Fi's axioms are based on values (feeling) while Ti's is based on ideas (thinking). However the superstructure that is built up using these axioms is fundamentally the same (which is what you described in your original post). In other words Fi mirrors the complex logic system of Ti. 

&gt;Thinking is about being logical, which is distinct from fact orientedness. And feeling is about value judgements.

Thinking and Feeling are both logical aka rational functions. I like to use the words idea to describe thinking and value to describe feeling. 
* Unhealthy Fi is selfish and completely self-absorbed.              
* Unhealthy Fe is over-reactive and enforces social norms (political correctness) without question. 

* Inferior Fi is unguided. The user is obsessed with completing an objective (Te) but they don't realize why. They have trouble stepping back to understand their motivation. Basically a workaholic.                 
* Inferior Fe is uncaring. They aren't scanning the environment for objective data on how their actions are effecting others. Basically lacks compassion. (although this is probably true of inf Fi as well). Good example is Steve Jobs, especially in the 80s, before he was fired from Apple. 

The difference is an unhealthy function is being used to the max while inferior function is being used last / not used often. These definition are not mutually exclusive. They can occur at the same time. (again Steve Jobs before being fired form Apple had both problems, after returning to Apple he fixed the unhealthy aspect but was still inf. Fe so a very hard and difficult boss). #Michael Pierce on YouTube. That's why I said 

&gt; **completely** self-absorbed.

Fi users will always appear more selfish than Fe. It's the nature of considering your feelings over others or vice-versa with Fe. The point where it becomes unhealthy is where it completely takes over your other (lower) functions and stops you from being able to form proper relationships. Cuz it's a scale. Unhealthy Fi is **too** selfish.  Alternatively healthy Fi is having high personal standards and expectations. Living life true to ones own sense of integrity and deeming for themselves what is justice is.  &gt;Also, i think health/unhealthy is different for everyone.

No. It's always the same. I've seen enough unhealthy aka immature people to confirm the pattern. Unhealthy is an imbalance of functions where the user goes to the extreme and gets overpowered by a function (or two-functions in the case of dom-ter loops) 

With Fi unhealthy is selfish and self-absorbed, lacks ability to calibrate to others properly. With healthy Fi it's high values and standards. Because they are able to calibrate to others and see which beliefs work/are beneficial aka healthy. 

Also on a personal-note I think Fi is one of the hardest functions to develop because it requires great role models and a lot of soul searching. Overall it seems Fi users have more trouble fitting in and adjusting to society compared with Fe. &gt;I disagree with what you are saying.


unhealthy Fi at it's finest. &gt; what's unhealthy is completely subjective

nope. That's the exact same logic people say about why typology doesn't exist "cuz it's all subjective man." &gt; I don't think it's fair to label Fi as selfish just because of a biased perception by people with Fe

Yes it is. Functions can only be defined by comparing and contrasting them with others. 

&gt;Selfish: lacking consideration for others; concerned chiefly with one's own personal profit or pleasure.

That's the nature with Fi because it puts emphasis on the users feelings over others. Philosophies arise for these functions that confirm the same tendencies e.g Ayn Rand and Objectivism (Te-*objective* thinking), Bentham and Hedonism (Fi) or Mill and Utilitarianism (Te).
You can think of Ni similar to Si. Ni is making connections like Si except whereas Si is making sensation connections, Ni is making imaginative connections. To use your movie example:

* Si: Watch movie -&gt; see dress -&gt; talk about how that dress reminds of past experience or trivia.

* Ni: Watch move -&gt; see dress -&gt; talk about how the red dress (Se) symbolizes her pent up anger and hatred. 

Both are making subjective connections but with Si it's about sensation (what actually exists or has existed) vs. Ni where it's imagination (what could exist or could mean). This is similar to Ne as well since both are N. 

&gt; Functions are described by what they are, not what the seem to be for others. It's that way for every function.

There can only be light because there is dark. The functions only exist because they represent a preference, an inclination, toward something which requires an expense of another function.  

&gt;Fi lacks consideration for others? Since when? 

Fi is SUBJECTIVE feeling. It cares about a smaller sliver of feelings, chiefly those of the users. Fe is OBJECTIVE feeling. It cares about accounting for the feelings of everyone. Depth vs Breadth. &gt;The problem I have with this is that you're breaking these functions down in a way that doesn't define either of the feeling functions.

I'm not trying to write a super duper comprehensive description of the functions.  

&gt;At best it's an oversimplification.

Exactly the point. I am simplifying to keep everything simple. Only saying enough to get the core point across. **You are mistaking applying your own Fi values to me. **



&gt;. It's not a "me first" function. It's a judging process that focuses on the users' own personal standards.

That is the same thing. Selfish = self + ish. Self = personal and -ish reflects that nature. 

&gt; It decides what to do, and how to act based on its own ideas of what is important and what is not instead of relying on outside influences. It is not inherently aware of the standards already placed in society like Fe is. 

Preaching to the choir. 

&gt;Nothing about that is inherently selfish.

Yes and like I already said. Fi cannot exist by itself. It can only exist when contrasted with other functions and that is where the selfish nature manifests. If everyone was Fi then you'd be correct that it wouldn't be selfish since it would be a universal trait i.e. normal. 

&gt;Other opinions and feelings do not influence the Fi user's judgement. 

They do but indirectly through Te. That's a reason why the functions are paired so the extraverted function can offset the introverted function and vice-versa. Failure to do so leads to the unhealthy manifestation of the function. The axis pairs are not actually independent but Yin and Yang. Yea. Fe gets it's values from others. So for Fe there is no self thus it could be defined as selfless. Unhealthy Fe is thus too selfless. ENFP: self, body movement, logic/math.I think ENFP

1. Sounds ESFP-like which ENFPs often act like.
2. One of my ENTP friends didn't like how I "toy" with people. ENTPs aren't people focused, they are idea focused. Sometimes these ideas relate to people (like Politics) but they focus on the ideology 1st and have trouble analyzing the people. 
4. Sounds like Fi taking failure personally. And getting upset / frustrated by the environment.
5. idk, everyone does that to certain extent. 
6. Do you use inductive or deductive logic? 
7. Sounds more like ENFP. Te/Fi in ENFP is similar to that of the INTJ (engineer). ENTP tend to be scholarly. 
8. Mixed

&gt;I can be very sensitive to external feeling tones, much more than my own private emotions. 

more like ENTP. 

&gt; I often shut myself down.... I am also highly attuned to others' opinions about myself.

More like ENFP. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FroasdY3e0No. Both Fi ad Fe can be very "sensitive" but in different ways.

Fe gets sensitive when it believes actions hurt other people while Fi gets sensitive when it believes actions hurt it's one standards. &gt; All the time she'll ask me for my opinion on a particular piece of her outfit, then she'll choose based on what she thinks anyway, even if it's the opposite of what I said.

The cognitive functions are supposed to balance each other out, that's why they come in pairs. &gt; based on stereotypes 

That is your problem. Type people based on cognitive functions. 

I can almost always tell a person's Quadra. Narrowing down to the exact 4 letter type can be difficult tho. &gt; I break about 90% of the stereotypes for INTP, but I now have no doubt in my mind that I am one. 

Then you probably aren't an INTP

&gt;I'm good at typing other people (I've never been wrong when I've assumed someone's type before having them take the test),

Your problem is you are using tests. You need to learn the material that was used to create the tests and then type people with an artisan skill. 
...then it's impossible to type anyone because everything is a stereotype and none of this stuff can exist at all since it's all stereotypes...ya that doesn't make sense at all. Similar.

I try to find Quadra first. Then e/I (first letter) and lastly which function is Dom/Ter (last letter basically). &gt;the manifestation is still one big blurry mess because of how the functions interact

You do not have the skill to detangle the functions. I do. Learn more and get better. &gt; ENTPs try to use this to create a full picture of the principles and ideas present to affect the way others respond 

I would say this is true of ENFPs as well except replace ideas with values. &gt;Same functions, but *oppositely* used

Incorrect. Functions are all used the same way by all people. The difference is the preference for one function over another.

I'll give an example with myself (ENFP) and an ESTJ. I was talking with an ESTJ about giving unsolicited advice (Te &gt; Fi). The ESTJ said they don't like to do that because odds are the person will respond in a negative way (Si &lt; Ne). I said it doesn't matter because there is a none zero chance of success (Ne &gt; Si) and it could help the person (Fi &gt; Te). He said, "oh I see, that makes a lot of sense. I get it." So despite making different decisions, we both could understand the thought process the other person was using. Most importantly, as both of us mature, i.e. develop our Ter. and Inf. functions, we would converge toward the very similar behavior.

In fact, I am really struck by how applicable the ESTJ description is to me (ENFP) because I have developed Te and am in the process of mastering Si. BTW something I just realized, a lot of the personality type descriptions focus primarily on the interaction info the Dom and aux. functions and neglect the aspect of the personality as the ter. and inf. functions get developed. 

&gt;What do I have in common, behaviorally or whatever, with an ESFJ

 ESFJ-INTP (MBTI) is considered a dual in socionics. What you would notice is that communication would be near-effortless with an ESFJ. You'd be able to continue conversations for hours on end because you are using the same functions to communication and because you are emphasizing difference functions which keeps your brain naturally interested in the other person (you could call it mystery or curiosity). 

As said above, as you mature, you would make a lot of the same decisions as an ESFJ despite most likely thinking you would never do them because you are an INTP. 

&gt;What are these quadra-spottable traits?

I don't type based on the quadra traits. I simply identify the quadra using the cognitive function.  But maybe I should try to use quadra traits when interacting with people. I think the dom. ter. loops are real.

Donald Trump (ESFP) clearly displays OCPD. 

I've personally experienced BPD as an ENFP. I view Ti as a Truss Bridge. Ti is essentially a super-structure or logical framework. Each node is the data points in the design. Fi would be exact same thing except the nodes contain values (ethics) instead of ideas (logic). ENTJ-ISFP (dual) is actually the most compatible followed by ENTJ-ESFP (activity). 

ENTJ-INFP relationship can be good but you will have some communication problems. 

The good side is both people are Te-Fi users however the ENTJ prefers Te as their Dom while INFP prefers Fi. This means both people must very mature in order to understand / utilize their inf. functions. If this happens then it will create synergy between the couple where both are looking for pragmatic action and understand their desire toward that. 

The problem with this couple will be Ne-Si vs Se-Ni. INFP will prefer to skim the surface of all viewpoints on an issue and experience new things for the novelty. The ENTJ will prefer to focus narrowly on one viewpoint but flush it out in great detail and repeat the same activities over and over for their visceral sensation. This will create communication problems in the relationship where the couple disagrees with certain subjects and do activities for different reasons. 

Like I said, ENTJ-ISFP would be way better. I think Keirsey made a lot of mistakes including his temperaments and this relationship pairing.

Socionics dual and activity pairs are way more compatible IMO. Few things.

1) I definitely prefer Ne -&gt; Fi -&gt; Te -&gt; Si in that order. 

2) I'm really smart but I suck greatly at mathematic proofs. No matter how much time or effort I spent, I cannot natively work out mathematic logic. So I do not see how it is possible that my Ti would be so high on the function stack.

3) Similarly I do not care at all about Se and there is no way I would say that I prefer Se to Si, especially 4 functions more. 

4) I am most compatible with people in my Quadra so other ENFPs, INFPs (technically INFj), ESTJs and ISTJs (technically ISTp) 

5) IMO E/I and J/P do not mean much because they are not standalone functions but are derived from the corresponding cognitive function. 
 I think you are confused and don't understand why you are learning this stuff.

For me there is a massive practical application. I can relatively easily type people irl at this point which helps me understand communication problems. By understanding the cognitive functions they are using, I can put myself into their shoes and understand what they are seeing. Even if I do not agree with them, I can still understand them and even explain the rationale behind my action. This has allowed me to avoid a lot of arguments / fights and be more satisfied with relationship that I used to consider "fake." &gt;As a practicing psychologist, however, he quickly discovered that reality didn't seem to follow suit

It does work but only if both people are mature enough to develop their ter. and inf. functions.

&gt;Incidentally, IIRC, while Keirsey did then suggest that "switching all letters but the S or N", he was somewhat equivocal on the value of switching the first letter (I or E).

I feel he must have really missed the importance of cognitive functions. ENFP/INTJ: sure both are N types but one prefers Ni while the other prefers Ne so the letter N is meaningless in this description as Ne or Ni have huge impact on communication. 

&gt;http://typeinsights.com/relationship-type-combinations/

weird link. seems like there is a lot of junk and misunderstanding in it. Kinda like they r trying to rediscover socionics. easiest way is by speaking and interacting with people of the opposite type. generally speaking what will happen is the Ti/Fe user will end up thinking the Te/Fi user is rude or impolite given enough time. Te/Fi user will think the Ti/Fe user is fake or overly concerned with what other people think of them. I get along "well" with INTJs. That is to say better than other personality types (e.g. ENFJs because they cannot stand me). But I always notice the same communication issue with any Se/Ni user (INTJ, ENTJ, ISTP) which is that I naturally go off-topic (Ne) because something will remind me of something else (Si) and they will get frustrated because they really want to flush out this one conversation subject in detail (Ni). It depends on how you define fake. What I mean is from a Te/Fi POV, I'll have no problems expressing how I truly feel even if it hurts or offends the other person. Fe does not do this because it views this as being very rude and so they generally hid their feelings. Fi views this as being fake.          

Fe is focused on accommodating to the feelings of others.       
Fi is focused on being true to the feelings of the user. 

There are pros and cons to both. Ne + Te is guess and check.     

Ni + Te is a comprehensive plan. 

Breadth vs. Depth 

&gt;opposite attitude perceptive functions harmonize well

No they clash too. It's just harder for most people to see the clash. When judging functions clash it's usually a very obvious disagreement. When perceiving functions clash it usually makes the conversation awkward. So it isn't as volatile so to speak. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5jhisc/entj_and_infp_experiences/dbgh1e2/That sounds very Fe like. More mature Fe user than just straight up not saying anything. I think you have a problem with definitions. If you apply that logic then all cognitive functions are subjective, even Se because that is your brains interpretation of your *objective* senses. 

It might be easier to understand this is if you redefine subjective and objective to depth and breadth. Because Ne is objective, it is focused on breadth aka accounting for all possibilities, all alternatives, all futures. With that said it's impossible to know if that intuition is correct without hindsight.

A simple illustration is you're in a forest and you find 5 caves. In the first 4 caves you find bears. You get to the 5th cave and you think, "there is probably a bear in this cave." You have the Si (4 previous caves have a bear) and your Ne tells that there is probably a bear in this cave too but you cannot confirm it until you go in. Ne is objective in the sense that it is accounting for all possibilities (maybe there is a bear in the cave, maybe not). 

A more complex example would be dating a girl, having problems with her listening to you and expressing her feelings and then realizing that she most likely has trust issues from a prior relationship. I have no idea if she does or does not have trust issues but it's very likely given my past experience Si and the way she is currently acting. For me, Si is like a movie real. It wants to focus on the difference between scenes. In this case the difference between the past and prior experiences. In other words it focused on the main idea or the element that changes and discards all other information it believes is irrelevant. ENFP - Toyota Supra Twin Turbo 6 Speed Manual TransmissionBill Gates is a computer programmer. That is as Ti as it gets. There is 0 chance he could be an ENTJ. yes. 

you could say possibilities and truth are the same thing tho. 1 possibility / truth vs many possibilities / truths. 

ya pretty much. at least all the great programmers are Ti users.

INTJ = engineering   
INTP = cs


Interestingly enough one of my professors (INTP) worked as an engineer at Broadcom and now he is back in academia doing research. One of my ESTJ friends asked why anyone would do that. It made perfect sense to be because he is an INTP not INTJ. used to be. have some unfortunate problems with it tho. ya that explains everything. typology will tell you what kind of communication problems you will experience or not. I think it makes a great foundation for relationships but obviously there are other factors that are important as well (age, maturity, life goals, attractiveness, etc.) u sure ur an entj cuz you don't sound like one. ur acting like the stereotypical argumentative entp. Would also add that MBTI really messed up with the main extroverted function description. So all introvert Js are actually P and vice-versa. Ti is the exact same deductive logic as Fi except you replace "values" with  "ideas."


Ti: Start with a declaration. People in low-income areas are disadvantaged. They have poor schools. Therefore they will not get good education. Therefore they will not be able to escape poverty. 

Fi: Start with a declaration. People in low income areas are disadvantaged. They do not have good role models. There they will not learn good traits like working hard. Therefore they they will not be able to escape poverty.

Fi and Ti are the same logical function but you replace the inputs.  So the answer to your question is to learn to explain why you are making the decisions you are making instead of simply stating them. Honestly it's mostly immaturely that makes ppl self-centered and inconsiderate. Your friend has to grow up. Best way is if his family cut off his funding. &gt;He's 27. Lol. I think immaturity is a big factor

27 in the new 17.

&gt;ut I am more looking for how to deal with selfishness and irrationality in ENFPs, specifically

the only thing that is special about selfishness in the ENFP is what they will be selfish too i.e. my ISTP friend can be very selfish as well but at different things. However in the end selfishness is the same as all types in that the root cause is lack of maturity. 

So your ENFP friend needs to develop his functions. Specifically Fi which is a strong internal moral code and Te with is the pragmatic application of those values. Se/Ni &amp; Fe/Ti

ISTP (unlikely)   
ESTP      
INFJ       
ENFJ         executive summary please1) You 100% sure you are an ENTJ.

2) Fi is really hard to develop. I think the feeling functions in general are difficult to develop and Fi might be harder to develop properly than Fe. 

To answer the question. How do you develop it? Get good role models. You need role models that demonstrate Fi. Good examples are: John Wayne movies, Dragonball Z, Donald Trump (ESFP).

I'll use Dragonball Z as an example. Goku is ESFP and Vegeta is an INTJ so they both display unrepressed Fi/Te. In Goku you can see Fi traits such as never giving up, always trying your absolute hardest, standing up for what is right even when everyone is against you and all hope seems lost. In Vegata you can see pride, a high internal honor code, and also training your absolute hardest and going beyond your limit. I would say these traits are the core of a well-developed Fi. 

Last point is what is Fi and I saved that for last. Fi is what you want to do. Fi guides you and tells you what you should do. The big problem with ENTJs and ESTJs is that they can be very good at accomplishing a task but they often times have problems not doing what they should do and/or getting sidetracked doing tasks they should not be. The reason for this is because with repressed Fi, they have difficultly understanding where they should apply that Te drive. This problem is exacerbated by modern society which requires a lot of high-level thinking and strategic planning regarding to life. 1st paragraph is heavy Se/Ni.

Middle of 2nd paragraph and last paragraph seem to inject Fe (or unhealthy Fi). 

&gt; humanity is not on top
&gt; The solar system is just one tiny town in a dictatorial nation
&gt; Earth would be tiny 
&gt; We humans to the stars is about the same size as from us to atoms

btw all these examples are Se/Ni but they seem to be emphasis Fe (or low self-esteem unhealthy Fi) "Jeb Bush is very low-energy. We need high energy. We need strength. We don't have strength. We aren't respected as a nation anymore. We are just getting weaker and weaker and weaker. Soon we will not have a national anymore.' Trump oozes Fi. 

To contact ESTP is Ted Cruz and he comes off incredibly ideological because of that Ti. ENFJ is Obama. Both refrain from making the vicious, nasty personal attacks because of their Fe. 

Trump has no Fe whatsoever. Maybe you are noticing the Se he uses to calibrate to his audience? That won't help you at all. 

It's important to point out that Fi relates to judgement based on feelings. In other words it's about how and why you interact with other humans and how you make decisions that affect the lives of other people. Both F functions, Fi and Fe are people centric. So when that person says study music to determine core values... that really isn't going to develop Fi. ISFJ -&gt; ENTP (best) or INTP (runner-up)Maybe. @8:00-10:00 he sounds more ENTPish tho. Ti as Leading Function

The individual views reality through the lens of logic, immediately recognizing the correctness and appropriateness of things and their proper place in reality and in his system of views and behavior. He freely makes logical assertions, often exaggerated, about new information and experience. He holds highest those rules to which exceptions do not exist, and is a habitual critic of people or things that don't follow a set of rules, whether they are those accepted by the community, or his own, or even the other person's. Although he is able to adopt others' rules, his own are always the last word, and these are subject to continual refinement. Often seen as "demanding", due to high standards.1. You'd be more funny is you didn't try so hard to be funny. 
2. @:25s &amp; @1:15, you need to use Si more to be taken more serious. 

just some tips. With Ne one idea leads to another idea to another idea and eventually you aren't even close to where you started. Think of Ne like brainstorming, like a supernova of ideas. 

With Ni one idea gets flushed out with more detail and more detail and even more detail. Think of Ni like a conclusion, like a black hole that crushes everything into a singular idea. 

Alternatively you could try figuring out if you use Si or Se. Both create ideas (or maybe insight is a more accurate term). Ne creates many ideas, Ni creates few ideas. Consequently Ne is broad but shallow while Ni is the inverse and generally very flushed out. 

Example. 

Ne: A -&gt; B, B -&gt; C/D/E, D-&gt;F, etc.        
Ni A, B, C, then A1, A2, A3... correctThis is wrong. IMO either A) you are mistyping people / functions or B) you are preoccupied with learning about functions. 

The reason I say this is because once I was able to accurately type people, I realized that opposing functions were the root cause of a lot communication issues. When I communicate with people of the opposite perception axis, it makes it very difficult to talk about the same subject or topic and when I communicate with people of the opposite judgement axis, it makes it very difficult to agree on the conclusions of the conversation. Despite being able to understand their POV, it's still unsatisfying.  well if you believe in the cognitive functions then the next logical step is believing in how they interact.

I have ISTP and INFJ friends but we have a pretty argumentative/debate friendship exactly like the functions predict. It's okay for friendship as well as we have common goals or hobbies but definitely not for romance. /u/Kim_Jong_Chill1        
/u/lawdoodette          
u/TK4442 

Last semester at uni I spoke to a LOT of people and my results were 100% consistent with the intertype relations. 

ENFJ: I met two ENFJs with whom I spoke extensively. I did not click with either ENFJ and in fact one absolutely hated me. He misinterpreted every action I took. For instance we had a guest speaker and I asked him for an internship as a joke. A lot of people laughed including the speaker however the ENFJ said he thought it was rude and viewed me as trying to suck up. I view the ENFJs as overly concerned about harmony to the point of stifling individuality and they view me as inconsiderate. It's spot on with the textbook interaction. http://www.socionics.com/rel/qid.htm

ISTP: Very similar to the ENFJ. I'm very social and it was incredibly difficult to hold a conversation. Whenever we'd speak, each of us would go into completely opposite direction. Because of my MBTI training, I could accept the strengths of the ISTP however he couldn't understand my strengths at all. He totally underestimated and me and just viewed me as a dancing clown then was shocked by my amazing leadership ability. I also have another friend from HS, also ISTP, and we talk about politics all the time. Our conversations are always argumentative and even though we both vote for the same party, our reasons why are completely different. Despite voting the same, it's very unsatisfying because our justification are completely different and we'd even like the party to go into different directions. Again very similar to textbook interaction. http://www.socionics.com/rel/cnf.htm

INFJ: I met 1 INFJ. I got along her better than the ENFJ and ISTP probably because both the ENFJ (ENFj) and ISTP (ISTj) are both judgers while the INFJ (INFp) is a perceiver so she was more tolerant of opposite functions. However she still gave me the same criticisms. The biggest of which was to stop using Ne and focus on one subject (her Ni). Because of this it was really difficult to have good conversations. I can get along okay with her in the company of other people however I cannot generate fun with her when it's only us two.

ENTP: I met 2 ENTPs. I get along well (above-average) with both of them. We have a lot of fun discussing ideas and brainstorming things. However when it comes to making decisions and implications about we'd disagree heavily. Although I like ENTPs, I've learned to never ask them for help or advice but it's totally opposite of what I want or will do. Again very similar to the textbook definition. http://www.socionics.com/rel/cmp.htm

ISTJ: One of my professors is an ISTJ. This is the first time I've met a dual and knew it. Very interesting relationship. I went into a huge Ne rant during office hours and surprisingly he enjoyed it. Typically I try to use Te or Si and repress Ne or else I'll confuse people but the ISTJ didn't care at all. So I felt at ease and very comfortable around him. The more I explained something, the more better he understood me. Which is very interesting because typically I hit a brick wall where other people just won't get what I am saying. Really pleasant experience and one I would more off. http://www.socionics.com/rel/dlt.htm

ESTJ: I met 2 ESTJs. The first was a stubborn professor that never developed Ne. As a consequence he wouldn't appreciate my desire to innovate or things different (Ne). The other was a more mature ESTJ that was in the process of flushing out Ne. With her it was similar to the ISTJ except we become very hyperactive. Lots of fun. Lots of laugher. http://www.socionics.com/rel/act.htm

I could go on. The point is this, if MBTI and cognitive functions are real then the inter type relations have to be real as well as they are the natural expansion of the cognitive functions from the individual to the group level. From my experience the same Quadra relationships are very pleasant and enjoyable because I'm free to be myself. Relationships with people that share 1 function axis require some work or compromise which at the end of the day just isn't as satisfying. Relationships with people that have completely different function axis are rough and prone to failure. 

With regards to INFJ-ISTJ. All the functions are swapped. So
&gt;Partners normally show interest and respect to each other if they do not know each other well enough. When partners start more close interaction, they start experiencing many problems.
http://www.socionics.com/rel/ego.htmI don't have a problem with either ppl being in the spotlight so I'm usually 100% taking all the attention hence that issue isn't a factor for me. Maybe that part of the theory is false?

From my exp, it's just super difficult to hold a conversation with someone using the opposite functions because the functions create destructive interference. You're preaching to the choir. I already know that cognitive functions do not encapsulate every aspect of a person. e.g. even for ENFPs, I'd be considered one of the most weird, quirky and brazen ENFP. Assuming you are an ESTJ, then I want to point out the cognitive functions are Ti logic which might be why you are distrusting of the model. &gt; score

What do you mean by "score?" http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/86-Activity-Relations

Because they use the exact same cognitive functions but with different presences. So the conversations generally flow well and are interesting for both parties without have to make any compromises. 1. MBA
2. I'm a businessman not a scholar.
3. Case Studies.         
4. &amp; 5 &amp; 6. You sound like a Ti user. I'm a Te user so for me the goal isn't an abstract dissertation but real world results. 

&gt; I would ask that they find a way to collect and use data that get at experiences with intertype interactions in which they themself were not a central player

This logic does not any sense to me.  Intertype interactions by definition require communication between 2 different people.  Because I am doing the interacting, I would always be a central player and my "research" would be ENFP-XXXX. Thus from my point of view, what you are asking and seeking seems very artificial. 
I have absolutely no clue what you are saying or asking at all. 2 Points.

1. I dislike both judgement axis' if the people are immature. Immature Fi users are self-centered. Immature Fe users are smothering. 

2. With regards to warmth, an immature Fe user will viciously scold a person when they get out of line. Te's desire control people is obvious because it influences actions however Fe has the exact same desire for control except it focuses on controlling feelings instead of actions. Once you recognize this then it's equally annoying. Socionics INFj = MBTI INFP.

The reason for this is because MBTI incorrectly labels introverts.  Correct. In order to make decisions you need 1 perception function + 1 judgement function. Therefore the two are linked as you have noticed. 

This is actually true for all functions in a well-developed person. For instance my Si and Fi have merged to be in agreement on most issues. Your thinking is biased by the groups. 

&gt;ENFP is an extroverted INFP. In MBTI you can omit the first letter and still have a meaningful group

What does that mean? It means the INFP prefers Fi to Ne. In other words the INFP prefers judgement over perception. Hence the INFP is actually an INFj. From my POV as an ENFP, the J v P helps explain a lot of the differences between the INFP (INFj) and ENFP. Similarly it's the same reason why I get along awful with ENFJs but decent with INFJs (INFp), because we are both perceiving types. 

You are being confused because you are thinking in MBTI groups first (e.g. xNFP) instead of cognitive functions first. &gt; The argument then is that even form a cognitive function perspective MBTI P vs J works. I mean NPs all use Ne as their perceiving function, SJs all use Si etc. Sure the INFP is a true judger and the ENFP a true perceiver but the INFP is closer to the ENFP in terms of who they are than to any other judger, especially ExxJs.

So why don't we label the INFP as an INFJ since they are a true judger and then the ENFP as an ENFJ because they are close enough?   Your line of thinking is totally illogical. 

&gt;but the INFP is closer to the ENFP in terms of who they are than to any other judger, especially ExxJs

The ENFP is closer to the ESTJ compared to any other extraverted type (with the ESFP being close 2nd). So the grouping by letters still fails to show similarity. In fact I would say properly labeling the INFP as an INFj helps show that the INFj is somewhere in between the ENFp and ESTj in terms of attitude. Immature Fi users care about themselves at the exclusion of others. Mature Fi users understand how they want to me treated and treat others the same way. Huge difference between being a self-centered leach and good role model helping others.  &gt; What an unfair and hostile judgement, Ive been explaining to you my logic, just because you don't agree with it doesn't mean it doesn't exist. I haven't been treating you like you're speaking nonsense, don't treat me that way either.

You've been fixated on these imaginary groups. 

&gt; Also of course MBTI naming is arbitrary, that doesn't mean that it doesn't communicate information or that it is nor systematic. Like Socionics naming, MBTI's naming conventions allow you to know the cognitive functions just from looking at the name, and my point is that it additionally lends itself to groupings that all share functions (MBTI NPs all have Ne and Si, Socionics Nps don't all share one specific fiction.)

The naming is not arbitrary. It is based on the individual type. Instead of recognizing this, you are being fixated on how types fit into your arbitrary groups (e.g. NPs). What you seem to be missing is you can make distinctions between any groups. e.g. EPs vs EJs, NF vs NT, I v E, etc.

&gt;Also the thing about the ESTJ being the closest extrovert to the ENFP is true, but the INFP is far closer to the ENFP than any other type, introvert or extrovert. Much like the ESTJ is closest to the ISTJ.

This is debatable and I do not believe there is a proper answer. Again you are trying to force your XYYY bias because you have become accustomed to it. 

For example. One of the biggest problems I've noticed with INFPs is they are weak and ineffective. ESTJs do not have this problem nor do ENFPs. So with regards to taking actions, ENFPs are more similar to ESTJs (Te). With that said ESTJs aren't the best at understanding human nature so INFPs are more similar to ENFPs in that attitude. So whether INFP or ESTJ is closer to ENFP really depends on the situation.  

Grouping both the INFP and ENFP as xNFP does a disservice to both types because it fails to take into account the J v P difference which has a massive impact on how the two types function. Instead the differences get misapplied to E v I. 

&gt;My entire point is that you said "MBTI labels introverts wrong." As if either a) there's an objectively correct way to name the types and it's not all arbitrary, with different strengths and weaknesses and b) there's zero merit at all in how MBTI names typed. "What's true is MBTI labels are different"

A) Again from speaking with Introverts it's obvious to me there dominate function determines the P v J preference. So yes MBTI is objectively wrong. Instead of realizing this, you are arguing to keep your "groups" because you have become comfortable with them. The first letter is E or I depending on the orientation of the dominant function.        

The laster letter is J or P depending on the orientation of the dominant function... oh wait except for introverts where it's the Aux function.      

How does this make any objective sense?     

Your argument is "derp, well I like the xNFP group."

The INFP is an INFj for the exact same reason for the ENFP is an ENFp.  Bill O'Reilly is might be an iSTJ, similar to how Colbert is an INFP but both appear "extraverted" because of the on-screen persona.

Jamie Hyneman is an INTJ. This also explains why he doesn't get along well with Adam Savage ENTP. http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html

&gt;ENFP/ESTJ: Ne/Te or Te/Ne--Borderline Personality Disorder. The ENFP I described above may have been one of these types. They simultaneously desire to control and dazzle others with their extraordinary leadership and grandiose performances. For the ENFP, this tends to take the form of insisting on consistent, scheduled attention from others for his/her artistic or creative gifts, while for the ESTJ it tends to manifest itself in terms of indignation when others refuse to follow every detail of the user's "visionary" leadership style. This combination, ironically, makes the user extremely dependent upon others for meaning, never really finding a sense of internal balance, no matter how hard he works to create and delegate. While Te leads these types to desire structure and discipline, Ne continually contradicts it by insisting on impulsive displays of creative freedom. Often self-denigrating over the inability to control Ne's impulsive explorations, Te will go to any lengths to keep the user in a position of power and influence, where others must defer to his authority. If Fi/Si were doing its job, these types would recognize that what they're looking for cannot be found outside themselves--they must learn to sometimes live for themselves and only themselves, and forget about external results for a moment.
Socionics already has this covered. Best pair is the dual followed by activity. good? yes
best? no

INFP and INTJ will have problems making small talk because of the opposite perception axis. However you will have good emotional support because of the same judgement axis. It's really good but it requires expert level knowledge and understanding of MBTI. yesfrom personal exp. small talk is a lot easier with the same perception axis. you can identify the cognitive functions in yourself when you think and talk and in other people when they speak. You can type a person artisanally without the need of online tests. 

mbti focuses on functions on an individual level. socoinics expands the model to interactions between types. So you need a good foundation of understanding the types beyond mere stereotypes to appreciate the power of socoinics.

I didn't like socionics at first because I thought it was convoluted and pointless but eventually I realized it helped explain a lot of the shortcomings of mbti. ESFP.

Everyone saying ESTP cannot type properly. 

Trump is also in Dom-Ter loop displaying OCPD. A lot of people misidentify that as narcissism. 

&gt;ESFP/ENTJ: Se/Te or Te/Se--Obsessive-Compulsive Personality Disorder (not the same thing as OCD)! I've seen **people mistake ESFPs in Se+Te dom-tert loops for ESTPs because they can be so insistent upon controlling their surroundings**. These types epitomize enneagram type 8, as they are **aggressive, blunt, confrontational and not the least bit afraid of hurting anyone's feelings**. **Inside they require the approval of others to a much higher degree than they let on**, as Te insists on controlling and organizing external surroundings to ridiculous proportions, while Se pushes any naysayers out of the way with aggressive force and a take-no-prisoners attitude. Territorial and looking for any reason to display their power, these types are some of the most difficult to deal with of all dom-tert loops. If Fi/Ni were doing its job, these types would stop to consider that their actions have negative implications for others, and that aggressively taking charge is not always the best solution in every situation.

For comparison. Ted Cruz is an actual ESTP. Mark Cuban is most likely an ESTP as well. A) Occam's Razor is dumb.         
B) Trump bleeds Fi (We need to be **strong**. We aren't **respected** as a nation anymore. We will have **great** trade deals not the **bad** ones we have today. etc.)           
C) If we are gonna just use stereotypes, ESFP is a performer. They want to entrain and put on a good show. That's basically Trump's entire MO and the reason he says things that aren't true. He cares more about appearing like a tough guy for supporting torture rather than the effectiveness of the technique. 

Bonus) Populism = Fi. good. Bill Maher is an ENTP. Cenk of TYT is an ENTP. Kyle of w/e is also an ENTP. Rachel Meadow is an ENTP. 
         
Cruz has the dogmatic approach of the ENTP thanks to Aux Ti however he isn't as zany as an ENTP because of Se instead of Ne.
        
Jimmy Kimmel is probably also an ESTP. to be fair I've essentially abandoned MBTI once I learned about cognitive functions. Negative. Fe's value judgements tend to be inclusive. Fe wants to accommodate everyone's feelings. Fe criticizes Fi's value judgements as divisive. &gt; I hear virtually nothing BUT idea and-ideology focus coming out of his mouth.

That's Ti. 

&gt; Cenk as an ESTP

Cenk has the typical Ne dom problem of constantly making too much assumptions.

&gt;Maddow as an ENTJ

She is a blatant Ne/Si user. Lots of her videos make references to past events (Si). In addition she is very Fe. Socoinics covers this. 

http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/information_elements/Ti

Order indicates preference. For instance as an ENFP, Fi is subservient to Ne. What this means is sometimes I will make judgements about a person (e.g. they are a not nice person) but I will still continue talking to them because Ne is curious. An INFP would most likely discontinue the interaction faster because Ne is subservient to Fi so there personal judgment is more important.

Competence is developed through using the function and integrating it with the other functions in the stack. With that said, the inf. function is very hard to use even with competence. This is because there are 3 other functions than can overpower it. 

As for energizing. Only shadow functions "drain" you.Manual labor tends to be very hard for anyone with Ne as a Dom or Aux function because it's doing the same thing every day. &gt; Neither method is guaranteed to be better at this connecting or even work compared to the other but they both do it.
&gt; I hope I got this right...

I would say all correct until this last part. I don't get "drained" from Si. I just find that I cannot use it reliability. I will try to use Si and then eventually give up and go back to one of the other 3 higher functions. 

&gt; Imagine you're a ship tethered to an anchor. You have a certain radius where you can move and act, but ultimately your life revolves around and is attached to this anchor point.

The key here is that Si the tether is bottomless. So the Si sure can only go around a certain radius but they can go infinitely deeper within that radius. This is because Si, like all introverted functions prefers depth to breadth. 

The reason I say this I because the way you framed Si makes it seem limited when in reality Si is trading the breadth of Se for depth. Then it's not MBTI anymore.

I think that because people start off with MBTI, people assume that MBTI = personality types. MBTI is just Myers and Briggs interpretation of Carl Jung's original work. We are free to make different systems e.g. Socoinics (which has already achieved the goal of fixing MBTI)@OP. I really hate your post. I think it's completely behavioral and lacks higher-level thinking i.e. understanding of cognitive functions. functions are real. I've honed my ability to see them and now I recognize them everywhere. The hard part about the function is that A) there are multiple definitions for each function and B) it takes an artisan skill to see them. just because you don't understand it doesn't make it bs. 

p.s. the general vibe of your post screams immaturity and know it all. Myers and Briggs screwed up and essentially claimed that extraversion was more important than introversion hence labeling introverts by their aux function.

From my personal exp, INFPs are definitely Judgers while iNFJs are definitely perceives so they screwed up big time. Humor is primarily Ne vs Ni.

Humor comes from the unexpected hence the intuition functions.Your typings seem a little off. 

Cenk is an ENTP. He jump around from idea to idea way too much to be Se. An example of an actual ESTP is Ted Cruz and I'm pretty sure he always does the Se stare. 

Ana seems to be an INFJ. Lots of Fe. Hates Fi.

Steve Colbert is an INFP. Lots of Fi. Very judgmental. Difficulty connecting with guests. Strong tendency to interrupt guests.  

@16:30 I think Ne + Fi is the most unfocused. Ne looks at lots of possibilities and then Fi relates that to people and emotions. The problem is that most speaking--especially public speaking--is about about thinking (e.g. global warming, stock market fluctuations, etc). So Fi cannot focus on these subjects and the person has to then utilize Te. But Ne + Te just spits out information super fast. In contrast Ti is able to slow down the speaker and flush out thinking in more detail. Think of ENFJs like ENTJs. Both types like controlling their environment however the ENFJ focuses on controlling the feelings of people while ENTJ focuses on controlling the actions of people. 

In contrast INFJs are actually perceivers (INFp) so they are primarily focused on absorbing the situation rather than controlling it. They also tend to come across more "deep" because of the stronger usage of Ni and especially Ti. seems accurate but slightly too much behavioral e.g. Si: I trust tried and true information. 

"Comfort and stability is important to me." is more of an unhealthily effect of Si which lends itself to avoidant behavior. Proper Si prepares people for obstacles rather than run away from them. 

Se-Ni: What exists? What does it mean?      
Ne-Si: What could be? What is it based on?        
Ti-Fe: What do you think? How do we communicate?       
Fi-Te: What do you want? How do we get it?        


P.S. from some reason I naturally wrote the perception functions as E-&gt;I but judgement functions as I-&gt;E. 90+ on

* ORAL-
AGGRESSIVE
* ANAL-
EXPULSIVE
* PHALLIC-
AGGRESSIVE
* CLASSIC 
HYSTERICThe function stack for the ENFP is Ne-Fi-Te-Si so the ENFP is a P because the Dom function (Ne) is P. 

The function stack for the INFJ is Ni-Fe-Ti-Se so the INFJ is a P because the Dom function (Ni) is P... ~~oh wait actually "introverts show themselves to the outside word through the extraverted function" so they are a J because of Fe.~~  Myers and Briggs misunderstood E v I. I'm just confident yep. makes a lot more sense too when you actually talk to the type. Here is the important part you are missing. The value system Fi builds is not unique. When built correctly, Fi's value system contains and revolves around timeless concepts such as honor, respect, integrity. Is this action honorable to take? Can I be proud of this decision? (into the Fi value system machine.) 

&gt;When he says 'we need to be strong'

Translation: Being weak = bad. Therefore we need to be strong. That is the Fi logic process.

&gt;we need to be respected
Likewise being respected = good therefore we need to be respected. If we are not respected right now that is bad. 

&gt;His campaign isn't based on trade being immoral

Fi isn't just about what is moral is immoral but what is good or bad. According to Trump we are getting beat badly on trade. Getting beaten is bad therefore our trade policies are bad.  

&gt;Fe sentiment that his community is threatened by outsiders

Incorrect the Fe sentiment is everyone on the news saying Trump is being divisive.  Fe doesn't want to criticize the trade policies because it will cause tension with our allies. Fe doesn't want to discuss illegal immigration because it might accidentally offend a person's feelings or might cause anti-immigration sentiment to rise.

&gt;Populism is Fe, it is value dependent entirely on group sentiment. Fi is individual sentiment against any and all groups. 

To reiterate Fi and Fe are not about group vs individual but rather about direct vs. indirect feeling. Fe views feelings at surface value. Hence it has a tendency to be about group but that is the result not the cause. Fi abstracts feelings into a more narrow but complex logical model. Hence it has the tendency to be individualistic but again that is the result not the cause. 
1) Stop lecturing me about the definitions of the function. I already know them.

2) Very few Fi individuals will understand there thought process so you won't see many explicit state good or bad. 

3) People and culture are not exclusive to Fe. If you want an Apples to Apples comparison of Fe vs Fi look at how Trump talks about culture and people vs Obama. 

Obama an ENFJ talks about those subjects with a very different tone than Trump. Even Ted Cruz (ESTP) has a tone that is more similar to Obama than Trump. Both want to talk about the issues and discuss them civilly (Ti-Fe). Trump on the other hand wants argue who everyone who disagrees with him and crush everyone in his way Fi-Te. There is no secret. Both types of people need to explain their reasoning and rationale to the other. &gt;Probably because there are more ideas floating around for me to bounce off of. There tends to be more silence when talking to Ni-Se//Se-Ni.

It's because you are a Si-Ne user. 

You'll find it's easiest to talk to people with the same perception axis . It's not because one axis has more ideas floating around but rather people you naturally use that axis and makes you are on the same wavelength as the other person. haven't typed her but estj seems correct. As an ENFP the difference between me and the INFP is as follows:

Because of Ne Dom, my primary goal in life is to explore, to gain novel experiences. Often times I will met people that at first glance I look down upon but I will still interact with them and treat them as equals. I'm a perceiver.

To contrast INFPs are judgmental. They cling to their Fi and instead repress the Ne. So they have difficultly or don't repress their feelings in order to get to know people better. &gt; Trump is the clearest example of an ESTP you could ever hope to find. If you don't see that, you need to study up on the theory or re-evaluate your perception of Trump

ESFP mate. 

He is too erratic to be an ESTP. 

Ted Cruz is an ESTP fyi. Analyze the cognitive functions the person uses and it is fairly easy to type people. ESTJ and ESTP use completely opposite function axes. 
&gt; Saying that an aux function is repressed is quite strong. Less preferred is more appropriate, I think.

semantics 1. Ted Cruz is an ESTP. Watch his announcement speech where he rambles for 30min. It's Se dom with describing adjectives e.g. he uses the word "image" a lot of times.

2. You can see the Ti/Fe of Ted Cruz vs. the Fi/Te of Trump in this debate clip.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dezW-O9TUJA

As an ESTP, Ted Cruz argues the positions (Ti) of Trump while Trump (ESFP) argues about the character (Fi) of Ted Cruz. On the extroverted end of the judgement axis Trump goes on a full frontal viscous assault because of Te while Ted Cruz is more reserved because of Fe. 

More broadly the entire no politicians's filter, tell it how it is is, straight to the point populism of Trump (and Sanders) is Te. While the sugar coated, protect people's feelings from being upset, typical politician language is Fe.

I was watching parts of that video by Gulenko and he mentions the spontaneity and radical acts of Trump. This are tell tale signs of the ESFP because N and T are the weakest two functions. In contrast the ESTP is much more predicable because of Ti/Fe. &gt;  I see just the opposite

Maybe your own cognitive functions are creating a bias? I remember when I was first learning, it was very difficult for me to understand the opposite functions as natively as my own. 

&gt; Ted Cruz has not an ounce of Fe

Cruz didn't tell us what he really thought of Trump e.g. "pathological liar" until the day he suspended his campaign IIRC. I will agree Cruz is not the best at using Fe--it's clearly undeveloped--but it's still there. Contrast that with Trump who called Ted Cruz a liar for months. 

&gt; I don't think that Cruz has the slightest idea of how to pull off what Trump does

Correct. Because Ted Cruz is still a Ti/Fe politician like everyone before him so he is stuck following the traditional rules of the system vs Trump and Sanders who can channel populism through Fi/Te. 

&gt;Cruz is cold and calculating

That is the Ti of the ESTP. 

&gt;Trump is just winging it.

That is the Te of ESFP combo'd with dom Se and an inferior intuition function. That's why I said being erratic is a tell tale sign of an ESFP. 

Si usersPeople often have trouble identifying opposite judgement functions because they reinterpret actions through their own functions. enfp -&gt; estj&gt; there's probably a good argument for commensurate or greater growth opportunity from being in a non dual relationship, just because that forces us to "get along" more, which is a general unavoidable life lesson one must learn in interacting with the world.

Negative, based on real world experience. Let me expand on this. 

&gt;is anyone saying duals guarantee an ideal relationship? all I think its saying is it allows for the possibility, for exactly the reasons you give

Correct, duals give the *possibility* of a ideal relationship however all the other types by definition (and experience) will not be idea. (although activity pair is a close).

From personal experience when two people with opposite perception axis communicate there is a lot miscommunication. Specifically this manifests in difficulty keeping the conversation going. The way each person communicates doesn't stimulate the other person but instead requires a lot of focus to keep paying attention too. This will inevitably lead to a lot of dead-ends (and awkward pauses) in the conversations. In addition I've noticed a large difference in humor between the different perception axes which again contributes to the fluidity of the interaction. There is nothing to gain from this besides understanding what I wrote above. 

When two people of opposite judgement axes communicate there is trouble agreeing on issues. For instance as FiTe user, TiFe types often tell me that I'm too blunt or assertive and that they worry it rubs people the wrong way. So I inevitably get in a lot of debates about being pragmatic vs. being nice. Again, there is nothing to gain from this besides understanding what I wrote above. 

With people of both opposite axes I get both problems. From my experience as an ENFP, I can only communicate with INFJs and ESTPs because we are all perceivers so they tolerate the differences to some degree. ISTPs and ENFJs tend to not want to even deal with me. (however one of my best friends is an ISTP but our relationship is very argumentative).

There are no communication problems in the same quadra. Hence it's best to stay in the same quadra for really enjoyable relationships. You can just be yourself without worrying that your functions will bore or offend the other people. With that said the identical type is kinda boring as I can often predict the words an ENFP will say. I haven't spoken to a lot of Mirrors so I cannot comment yet. Activity pair is really fun but there can be a clash in the P v J department where I think they aren't thinking enough and they think I am overthinking. Dual is by far the best relationship IF both types have developed their Ter. function. It's really smooth, almost like talking to yourself in a mirror. As an ENFP, I find the sleepiness of Si (in the ISTJ) really relaxing and they tend to appreciate my Ne quirkiness. 



 can u name philosophers of each quadra?I sense a lot of Fi and Ne in your writing. 

Ne = Impulsive, exploration, and leaps from different conversation topics.       
Fi = Wants and desires. Your writing is written from the POV of everything you want.       
Te = Goals and chasing stuff.        

My guess is ENFP.ENFP is my guess. This isn't 100% true and it sounds Ti biased.

Yes Te has the problem of doing for the sake of doing but that consideration of a deeper connection is handled by Fi. 

Similarly Ti has the problem of thinking for the sake of thinking and not considering the affects of their logic on other people which is handled by Fe. &gt; From what I observed, STJs are micro-managers, they look at way too many details to see the big picture. NTJs are strategists, but we need someone to provide us with the necessary (!) details.

same is true of NFPs vs. SFPs FYI. 

I think your explanations are an oversimplification. True.

&gt;ENTPs are more turned on by Novelty.

Dom Ne + Inf. Si. 

&gt;INTPs are more turned on by deeper understanding of Concepts.

Dom Ti + Aux Si. Se = "unnecessary" details.
Si = straight to the point. objective in this example means accounting for all sensory information i.e. lots of adjectives that describe the scene but do not necessarily contribute vital information to the story.      

subjective in this example means focusing on only the details in the story that the user (subjectively) believes are relevant i.e. the main points. Ti grip?3 points.     

1. Your description of the ESFJ is more like the ENFJ.

2. What you are talking about is developing your Aux. and Inf. functions. The personality type descriptions are primarily based Dom. and Aux. functions.       

3. From my experience, as you develop your functions, you tend to act more like your activity pair or mirror (ISFJ or ENTP in your case) rather than your dual (ESFJ). The reason for this is because it's incredibly difficult to use the Inf. function and you'l eventually snap back to your Dom if you try while it's easier to channel the aux and ter. functions. It'll be boring, probably even more so if you're both Ne dominant. I generally get bored speaking to other ENFPs because I can predict what they will say. And too much Ne when I communicate with both ENFPs and ENTPs frustrates me because it's hard to communicate any of my lower functions. Interesting concept.

My own thinking led me to a similar concept:            

* Ji &gt; Je = individuals
* Je &gt; Ji = collectivists    

For a similar explanation. Ji is by definition subjective so these types makes decisions based on what they feel is right (Fi) or true (Ti). Je is objective so these types make decisions based on what is practical emotionally (Fe) or physically (Te). Or in your words, Ji focuses on the reason while Je focuses on the result. ENTJs are more creative/visionary because Ni is coming up with new possibilities. ESTJs are more practice/mainstream because Si is following past events. 

But honestly you should just type the function. Ni/Se vs. Si/Ne. e.g. Ni hones one specific ideas. Ne jumps around from idea to idea. Si is main point, Se is more descriptive. etc. &gt; but an ENTJ who has been burnt before and has internalised that he should not take even the calculated risks (thereby rejecting novelty in favour of what he knows works), can seem more mainstream than an ESTJ who has internalised from a young age that the only way to succeed is through constant change.

I know 3 ENTJs in real life and 2 or 3 ESTJs. 2 of the ENTJs are low confidence IMO and 1 or 2 of the ESTJs are as well. Even so the ENTJs still talk like ENTJs and ESTJ still talk like ESTJs, hence how I could type them. 
You type based on cognitive function not qualities. Intelligence has nothing to do with personality types IMO.... but with that said tests are biased to different cognitive functions (e.g. mathematical proofs are Ti). I've never taken a proper IQ tests but I would say the ACT is definitely Ti biased. College entrance essays are Fe biased too. Fi/Te is very rare in Academia from what I have seen as most subjects focus on knowledge (Ti) over virtue (Fi). So it makes sense that most tests would be Ti. 

Your comment doesn't make any sense.

First you say

&gt;no the test arent "biased towards different cognitive functions" 

then you say

&gt;Theres a reason why there hasnt been an ESFJ Einstein. Fe/Si doesnt exactly lead towards scientific novelties

which is exactly my point. Different functions are more suited (biased) toward different types of tasks (tests in this case). 

&gt;Ni/Ne and Ti/Te have roughly the same ability to reason through things

This isn't accurate.         

First Ni and Ne are perceiving functions, not judging functions. They find information but do not reason through it. The only place I've seen where the perceiving functions get evaluated is in English and Marketing class, both of which tend to favor Se/Ni types. 

Second and more importantly, comparing Ti to Te in terms of reasoning is misleading. Ti reasons through things the exact same way as Fi and Te reasons through things the exact same way as Fe, Ji vs. Je respectively. This is a big problem on a lot of tests (e.g. Math and Economics) for me because it means the input (information in the question, Ti data) isn't what my cognitive function (Fi) naturally wants. I can see how other personality types have an easier time solving the questions. Se/Ni Fi/Te most likely. I don't think there is any S/N disconnect. From my personal experience it's the function axis that matters Ni/Se vs Si/Ne. Preface. All introverted functions prioritize depth while extraverted functions prioritize breadth. 

Ti tries to create a model that describes reality. When Ti works right (such as in the case of math, let's say financing modeling) it provides very deep insights and predictions. The problem is in order to create this sophisticated model, Ti has by definition to exclude situations or events. In math we call this the domain, the range of which inputs are valid. For instance in the case of finance, maybe the model only works with positive numbers. So the Ti model is *generally* accurate and that is accomplished by excluding certain variables.

In contrast Te thinking attempts to create a logical model that is always accurate because it accounts for all variables. Inversely it accomplishes this by making the logical model very simple and from a Ti POV unrefined (with the refining being excluding variables for depth). From this we get the characteristics that Te is direct and straight to the point.

Now in the context strategy (in terms of human interaction e.g. winning an election), you want your thinking to always be correct because the results are binary. Either your strategy works or it does not. The added depth of Ti is irrelevant. You can see this in the engineering of INTJs; it's not usually the most elegant solution and often times looks ugly or ghetto rigged but it works. 

As for the perception axis. Se allows the user to view the present at face value and see all the variables in a scene. Ni creates a deep plan of attack to move reality into a new direction. Si is essentially doing guess and check. It's constantly comparing the past to the present by focusing in one what it perceives to the main point. This is a problem because you want to be in the present instead of the past and you want to see all variables. Because Ne builds off this past data, it means the user can be very accurate in situations that mirror the past but be way off base in new environments. 

Hence TiNe is the most theoretical of personality types (although an equal argument can be made for FiNe). Lastly I would add that while INTJs are the best strategists, ESFPs are the best tacticians and ENTJs are good at both. It's the same reason as TiNe. Fi and Ti work the exact same way; both are deductive logical functions hence both try to model reality. The only difference is the content. Fi focuses on emotions and actions to model human nature while Ti handles everything else (essentially). Ne adds fuel to this by feeding both functions with lots of different possibilities i.e. not reality. So FiNe and TiNe types tend to be very theoretical.&gt; an introverted perception function it's seeking a lot of information

Sensation seeks information. Intuition creates information. 


&gt;I can see what you mean about thinking making models and predictions too, which is fair. But I think the strategy part comes from what decisions they make and what outcomes they prioritise. I would say extroverted judgement centres around choosing the state of the external world, not the individual principles that got them there. As you said, "either [the strategy] works or it does not"; the state of reality is achieved or it fails, and you can't judge the actions as "oh I somewhat applied my principles under specific condition X" like a Ti would.
(However, I would say that intuition is the focus setting the context and range of conditions, not the direction of the function. Intuition sets a spotlight on the desired state or principle to the exclusion of less directly-relevant decisions.)
In short, what's relevant is highest up the function stack. Ni delivers a sufficiently accurate and more importantly complete model of the scenario. Te decides what end state they require. And to conclude the process, the Ni can call up the relevant factors, precisely and intimately -- putting them into order as a coherent strategy.
(Further, this strategic method is regarded as competent/proficient because the strategy matches the end state and the scenario as closely as possible. It might not be as exact and precise as envisioned, but the results will be as relevant (Ni) and accurate (Te) as possible. And with that, I've rambled on way too long and need to head back to INTP or wherever I get these ideas from to rambly complain about how I ramble on too long...)

I think you are mostly reexplaining what I said with different cognitive functions.



&gt;Remembering that for introverts, the J/P preference axis is flipped to get the preferred function in the stack, so perception is actually the dominant function of introverted "judgers" -- at least under MBTI notation

MBTI screwed that up. I consider an INTJ to be an INTp and vice-versa. 

&gt; I'm not sure that depth or detail really fits with introverted perception functions. 

You said it yourself

&gt; Ni delivers a sufficiently accurate and more importantly complete model of the scenario.... Ni can call up the relevant factors

The completeness is the depth and the relevant factors are the detail. 

I'm not sure you are an INTP because it seems you misinterpreted quite a lot of what I said which is unlikely if you're an Ne user like myself. Ni is metaphors           
Ne is similesIt's not arbitrary. Myers and Briggs just screwed up on the labeling. Sconoics fixes it by correctly labeling introverts. &gt; Te is efficient in that it only takes account what is needed to achieve a specific target set by Ni

One of my basic economic professors was an INTP. He brought in an article showing that when gas prices decreased, hybrid sales also decreases. So he asked us if hybrids and gasoline were complementary or substitute goods. He said substitute goods because when gas prices go up people buy more electric vehicles. I said that can't be the answer because if there was no gasoline then no one would purchase hybrids so they must be complementary goods. So you can see the problem between Ti and Te here. Ti only takes into account the data needed to create it's framework and anything else gets categorized as outliers or errors. They want a model that is generally true. Te on the flip-side is actually trying to account for all information but it does so by not creating a sophisticated logical framework with that information hence why it seems more limited. This mirrors how Fi and Fe operate as well. 

To sum it up:

* Ti/Fi = less inputs -&gt; complex function -&gt; sophisticated outputs
* Te/Fe = more inputs -&gt; basic function -&gt; simple outputs

INFJs act like perceivers in the world and ISTPs act like judgers in the world. 

The notion that there is a difference between how introverts and extraverts act on the inside vs the real is completely false. &gt; Alright, anyway the other part I don't get is how Ti want a model thst is generally true. You mean universally applicable, yes? 

Correct Ti (and Fi) both want universally applicable models. The irony being that by design these models often times cannot be universally applicable because they are created from imposing limits or constraints on the inputs. 

&gt;Like statistics and probability work and Ti takes the average

Correct stats and prob. are Ti. 

&gt;like how we think of things as philosophical principles we should always follow (like Immanuel Kant's categorical imperatives)?

Maybe. Kant's philosophy is heavily based on Fe and it can be difficult to split Fe from Ti. 

&gt; And by the converse Te fits to the current state of the system (as modelled by their introverted perception)?

Maybe. Depends on how you define "current state of the system." 

&gt;bidirectional understanding of perception

what is the definition for the bidirectional understanding of perception? I'm an ENFP (Delta) and so I generally have problems interacting with Betas as all our cognitive functions are swapped. Out of the 4 types, the ENFJ and ISTP (ISTj) are by far the most difficult for me to interact and the reason is because they are both obviously judgers. They are both very harsh and critical of me and have a difficult time suppressing or ignoring their objections to my cognitive functions. On the flip-side it's still difficult for me to interact with the ESTP or INFJ, especially over long stretches of time, but they cut me more slack and are less bothered by the differences in our functions because of the stronger desire to perceive.

Similarly INFPs (INFj) are incredibly judgmental and that was surprising to me because I assumed they were closer my own type (ENFP). I would even go so far to say that J/P difference between the ENFP and INFP explains more of the difference in personality than I/E.&gt;I'm sorry, I don't want to be a dick, but the entirety of your comment has a lot of issues and since it is very highly upvoted, these problems need to be pointed out

Did you ever think that maybe you're the one who is wrong? 

&gt; Tactics require perception, whether it is envisioning, improvising, or reacting

The perception required for tactics is Se. You seem to be failing to separate intuition from sensation and just lumping them together into 1 perception group. INTJs give up Se in order to gain more Ni so they lose detail in the environment for a better understanding of the overall picture; this leads itself better to strategy. On second thought, the ESFP (INTJ dual) is actually the best tactician because they are Se dom. ENTJs is the general purpose hybrid as both Ni and Se are in the middle of the function stack.You will always have problems with ISFJs if you are an ENFP because of the swapped judgement axis. Semi-duals are a cruel relationship. Understand that they can be fun to speak with but don't expect to agree on decisions. (same applies to the ENTP too)

http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/89-Semi-duality-Relations&gt;No gasoline would result in no hybrids. Not the nil purchase of hybrids.

No hybrids implies the nil purchase of hybrids. This is exactly what I mean by Ti creating limits in order to make the logical modal accurate. So as I said originally, Ti is actually less variables. If you are having trouble understanding then consider Fi vs Fe. You want to date your dual or activity pair for the most satisfying relationship. You are coming off really argumentative and closed minded so I'm not going to bother responding any longer. http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Dual

http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Activation

INTJs are actually INTps perceivers not judgers. Kayne sounds like an ENTJ. 

You want to date a person who shares all 4 cognitive functions as yourself. If you date a person with opposite perception axis (e.g. you're Se/Ni and the other person is Ne/Si) then it'll result in lots of awkward pauses and difficulty keeping the conversation going. If you date someone with the opposite the judgement axis then you'll find it very difficult to agree on courses of action. So while it's easy to speak, you'll find it difficult to get that really deep emotional support. 

Out of the 4 types that share the same function as yourself, the dual type is most comparability with the activity pair being a close 2nd. There isn't enough information here to determine anything. For instance you said he is hitting rock bottom but you have not even described the situation or actions. &gt; I think from a problem-solving standpoint it's perfectly possible for a high-Ti person to be a great leader. What I've observed in my own experience, though, is that person prioritizing the mental tinkering over the morale of their team, winding up with resentful subordinates, and having no clue why people don't want to listen to them.
&gt; Similarly to how, as an INFP, I need to actively keep productivity in mind, a Ti-focused leader needs to actively think about the atmosphere they create within a working environment.

It's kinda funny you say that because that was exactly the problem of Steve Jobs ISTP. &gt; Fe fights because others suffer. Fi fight because we wouldn't want to suffer. 

&gt; Fi relates experience to self and Fe relates experience to others.

&gt; Fe wouldn't just act on helping someone without knowing they're in trouble.

This is true however these definitions aren't exactly rigorous. 

**Fe** is an **inductive** ethnical judgement function while **Fi** is a **deductive** ethical judgement function.  Fi starts by defining axioms or statements/actions as good or bad. It then builds a sophisticated logical framework that tries to modal human nature. It uses this modal to evaluate the actions of people as good or bad. Fe is much more simple in comparison. It takes the emotions (premises) of other people at face value and uses that to make decisions about good or bad. 

I can go further with examples to illustrate the point but I'm feeling a bit lazy.... but your example of Fe not helping people unless they state so is a good example. If the help isn't obvious i.e. a premise then Fe will not create it like Fi would. 

@ OP, you're writing is clearly Fi. Notice how you relate all your feelings based on yourself; you use the word I multiple times and make little emotion of how others people perceive you. 
Easy way of spotting Ne is to look for leaps in topics or jumps in speech. 

ESTJs when they speak steady but eventually jump completely off tangent and then (usually) go back on topic. That's the Ne manifesting itself and breaking up the monotony of Si. [EDIT: INTPs will display the same behavior of Ne/Si stacked in the middle of the function stack]. In contrast the Ni of ENTJ keeps them on topic and they go further in detail into a specific point. Se helps flush out that idea with sensory information. Expect to see more physical descriptions in the ENTJ.  To recap, Ne-Si can be thought of as destruction interference where it breaks up the train of thought while Se-Ni is construction interference and they help strengthen the train of thought. 

Alternatively, assuming you are correctly typed as an INTP, you will find small talk far easier to make with the ESTJ because of the shared perception axis and your sense of humor will be very similar to the ESTJ while you'll have greatly difficulty keeping up a conversation with an ENTJ as all your functions are swapped. 

Final and maybe more broad description. ESTJs are micro-managers and focus on ironing out all the little details (Te backed by Si). While ENTJs are big picture thinkers and work with grand ideas (Te backed by Ni).  &gt; but at work I feel like I struggle with creative insights and observation during design work

Probably because of Ne-Si. Ne-Si likes to reworking existing designs or ideas. Se-Ni likes to create new insights from stimuli. 

&gt;I constantly jump between hobbies and projects, and rarely get further than amateur status

Ne-Si likes to keep jumping from one thing to another while Se-Ni likes to hone one thing in great depth. 

I don't notice a lot of adjectives either so I would definitely say Se-Ni for your perception axis. &gt; In fact it gets natural and deep pretty fast. Te compliments Ti well, Ne compliments Ni well.

This doesn't make any sense at all. Te is inductive logic and Ti is deductive, they are opposites. Likewise Ne expands outward and Ni contracts inward, again opposites. From my experience when both function axes are swapped it makes the conversations either fizzle out or become very argumentative [debate].  

Example. Jamie Hyneman [INTJ] and Adam Savage [ENTP] from Mythbusters. They hate working together because their view everything completely different and that causes them to constantly argue. No offense but I think you are an immature and/or an unhealthy person. 

From an Fi POV, your example conversation is toxic. If you think insulting each other and fighting is normal then your perception or standards are wrong. The subtext of your conversation is mistrust and anger. These are bad emotions and they contribute to being unstable or off-balance. This is bad.

From an Te POV, your example conversation is inefficient. Your insults and arguments are not true collaboration. They are destructive criticism, not constructive. You can see the end result when the INTP says "you're wasting my time." You end by breaking the interaction. Te wants to be productive and efficient and completely shutting down the conversation is the exact opposite of that. 

I stand by exactly what I wrote. Relationships with all the functions axes are swapped are very difficult to maintain. In the healthy case they tend to fizzle out. In the unhealthy case, which is your example, they lead to fights and arguments. Clearly something is wrong with your definitions of the function and what constitutes healthy and unhealthy. I highly recommend you recalibrate your cognitive functions because your wrapped view will lead to a lot of problems in life. 

&gt;Mentor-Trainee

ENTJ [ENTj] - INTP [INTj] is contrary relationship. 

&gt;These are relations of an unstable psychological distance. Both partners experience difficulties in establishing and keeping a stable psychological distance between them. The only chance Contrary partners have to get on together well with each other is if they are left alone. In other cases partners usually compete over their strong sides.1. That type of interaction should **NEVER** occur. PERIOD. 
2. Again, your mentality is wrapped. You should never reach the point where the conversation breaks down.
3. You're viewing Ti and Ne as additions to your Te and Ni. This is completely incorrect. Ti and Te are defined as equals, likewise Ne and Ni, hence they naturally lead to clashes and conflict. (which your story demonstrates). 

To reiterate, the fact that you can't recognize your conversation example as toxic is a huge red flag. It tells me there is something really wrong with your personality/maturity. &gt; What I would normally do is learn whatever I can about the project so I have a better understanding. This means learning the theory and looking into similar projects and works. I'll also try and **take what I've learned from my own knowledge and experience**. This is generally a fairly messy process where I kind of 'dive' into **whatever seems relevant**, be it in my mind or through the research and other materials,** rapidly jumping between each**. And through it all I might get a sort of an overall idea for what I need to do. Then with this overall idea in mind I'll try and complete the project, usually **without any specific plan in mind**.

Basically guess and check correct? It sounds like you're using Si which is taking new information and comparing it to past information to find the best solution (Ne). In contrast Ni would take all those new pieces of information (Se) and combine them into a brand new plan or roadmap. 

To be honest, you are probably not in the right type of job or field. One of my Economics professors (INTP) used to work as an electrical engineer for a large wireless chip designer and he ended up leaving to work as a professor now. I was talking to an ESTJ and she thought it was insane that he would leave engineering because engineering but it made sense to be because all 4 cognitive functions are wrong for their field. I would probably say you would be better off in industrial engineering (operations) or computer science rather than mechanical. Ti (and Fi) prefer understanding theory over practical application Te (and Fe). As an ENFP, when I learn new engineering, I am bothered at first about not understanding what I am doing but once I have enough repetition, I stop caring because I can apply the concepts well enough. In other words, I'm a mechanic and not really an engineer. What I'm seeing here is a very underdeveloped feeling function (Fi assuming you are an ENTJ). The entire concept of what constitutes a good relationship, what is healthy, appropriate, good etc. is completely lacking, which is what Fi handles. Likewise, what you define as ad hominem attacks are what they call the "character of the witness" in court rooms. A person's mental state is very important in interpreting the validity of their opinions. We are talking about a subjective concept here because we are talking about what is a "good" relationship or how "should" things be. From my experience not properly understanding human interaction is a very common problem in the IXTPs and EXTJs because of the inferior feeling function (BTW that has nothing to do with "NT"). So from what I have seen you are misconstruing fights and arguments as a "good" interaction because they are "deep." 
          

Lastly Ti isn't a stronger force than Te, are functions are defined as equal. &gt; You'll take away our joy

If you are getting joy from arguing with people then you have deep seated problems. The reason I can say that is because relationships based on arguments or confrontation breed distrust and resentment. In the short-run arguing appears better than no interaction but in the long-run it's the exact opposite. This is using Fi properly. 

I argue with people but only when doing so accomplishes some point or goal (Te). very accurate. thumps up. A) I don't think you understand Fi. It's not simply what you like (feels good)  but an entire judgement making processed based on human ethics and values. It's just as complex and in depth as Ti.

B) Being debate and argumentative is a manifestation of deeper problem of underdeveloped feeling function. So that  problem will manifest in:

* Attracting and maintaining relationships with healthily people (which to be accurate, a lot of people in American society are messed up so that hurts a lot in finding said people...). Your personality will naturally attract and repeal certain people and this is based on who you are. 

* Limiting your ability to get things done professionally, as most jobs require working with other people, building trust and report, promotions, etc. A good example of this is your stereotypical EXTJ boss that get's up to middle-management but cannot proceed any further because people don't like him enough.

* Difficultly managing personal relationship and a high probably of divorce. (Again America society has 50% divorce rate so a lot of people have these problems. It's pretty common.) 

Just to reiterate. Minor disagreements are fine and natural but fighting and arguments (e.g. "I'm wasting my time with you.")  are not. This is because they break report, break trust and that is the foundation of all relationship. Cracks in that manifest everywhere else. This is Fi logic FYI.&gt;I don't know what happened in your history, but I used to have friendly debates and discussions with my old NT friends, and we're still good friends to this day

One of my best friends is an ISTP. (ENTJ and INTP have all 4 functions swapped, likewise ENFP and ISTP have all 4 functions swapped). It took us about 5-6 yrs to realize our relationship was unhealthy. In the beginning we were just like you and your INTP friend, we both argued and debated all the time and didn't think anything about it. Then one day we realized that we can't agree on anything which then killed the mood to talk about a lot of subjects because we already knew the outcome. (I blame mostly the iSTP for being too stubborn)  

&gt;but if the NTs are happy in their circle (which some of us, including me are) then why is this a problem

Because the entire point of the ENFP personality type is to optimize people so they are more efficient. This is done through the elimination of imperfections. In this case having an argumentative personality type and not recognizing it will train you to behave in a poor way. It's the exact opposite of the way to interact in a good relationship. 

Unhealthily and immature are for practical purposes the exact something.

Examples:

http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2017/02/how-to-recognize-each-myers-briggs-personality-type-based-on-their-inferior-function/

http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html
A person that is unhealthy is not using their cognitive functions optimally (i.e. in a productive manner). So then the cognitive functions have to be undeveloped and thus the person is immature. In other words everyone who is unhealthily is also immature. &gt; a previously developed function may still act differently. It's not necessarily de-matured

A lot of this depends on how you define terms. I would say both. From my experience as an ENFP, I can tell that both ENFPs and ENTPs heavily question sensory (Si) information in favor multiple possibilities (Ne). If I wanted to go deeper then I could say with the ENFP this is directed toward people's motivations (Fi) while with the ENTP it's towards systems (Ti). So there is a difference but that difference but it's still the exact same tendency. 

The Ne-Fi description is a little funky for my taste. Ne-Fi does the exact same thing as Ne-Ti except it relates the combing to people rather than (scientific) things. 1) I get along pretty well with INTPs which further strengths the relationship dynamics as for me an INTP for me is the supervisor relationship. From a more basic point we both share the Ne-Si axis. 

2) INFJ is the country relationship for me. From my experience it's not as bad as conflict but it still has the same problems. Because all 4 function axis are swapped.

3) 1v1 vs. groups are different. In group the cognitive functions of people stimulate each other. This can be good if someone acts as a bridge between you and another person or bad if your cognitive functions get completely ignored. 

4) I think you are generalizing far too greatly into the "NT" group. ENTP and ENTJ are completely different IMO so that broad category is not very useful IMO. &gt; which cannot really be grasped by an outsider

I don't like this description of Fi. Because then you could say the logical principles of Ti cannot be grasped by an outsider too which we know is false. &gt; Fi is concerned with how the object makes him (the subject) feel. 

That description sounds more like Fe. 

&gt;Which could be either a person, art, even a machine.

But Fi wouldn't just state how something makes the person feel (which is what Fe would do). Fi would go through some complex logical process to determine how the person should feel and it would do this based on human values.&gt; @ 2) Like you're gonna have to pull some memories and analysis there bud, like what problems/differences did you and your INFJs have?

I have massive with ENFJs and still problems with INFJs. Biggest problem is Fi vs Fe. It really upsets the ENFJs when I use Fi because from their POV it appears like I'm being inconsiderate or quirky which they feel is being disruptive. This is a much larger problem with the ENFJ because of the J Dom vs INFJ which is a P Dom. Other issue is that get have problems when I try explaining things because of Ne vs Ni. They always tell to remain focused on 1 subject because of their Ni while I naturally want to go on different tangents. 

4) From my exp. ENTJs and ENTPs aren't really that similar. Maybe if both are extraverted that makes them appear the same but there is a huge difference IMO. I agree. &gt;  ExxP types where technically their judging functions are in the middle

This explains why EXXPs appear chaotic, contradictory or inconsistent in their decisions because they constantly shift between judging functions. &gt; how unconsciously the tert

I'm pretty sure the shadow functions are the unconscious ones so all 4 regular functions are conscious. 

&gt;Likewise, whatever seems like the "reasonable" thing to do depends on my mood. One day it can seem "reasonable" to decide that I should cut off all contact with someone I deem toxic because A, B, and C. The next day I might determine that I should try talking to them to resolve all conflict because X, Y, and Z. It sucks really

Same. I think it's also partly influenced by being N doms so we need to make these decisions to see the impacts. 

&gt; Like, I imagine you might struggle with this thing where you think you're making a totally independent and "you"ful decisions when you don't realize how much you're actually influenced by what other people tell you is reasonable

It's the other way around. Fi wants to be independent and true to my own sense of right and wrong but Te recognizes that it's important to be influenced by other people, specifically looking to make sure my actions are effective. So I often feel conflicted when the two functions want me to act in different ways and my life struggle is to reconcile them so they both agree on the same on the course of action. In the short-term Fi usually wins but in the long-run it gets influenced by Te.  I would assume it would be the opposite for an INTJ. ESFP do activities because they like the physical sensation of the activity. In other words an ESFP will play golf because they enjoy playing golf. 

ENFPs do activities because they like seeing the possibilities of the activity. In other words an ENFP will play golf because it's a new experience for their collection. ISTJs and ESTJsENFP-ISTJ is the most compatible pairing (dual). ESTJ is second (activity). Same perception and judgement axes. Makes for good conversation, same style of humor and we generally agree on important life decisions. future but the problem is time travel will be like a drug. you'd want to keep going further and further into the future until your at the end and then you missed the entire point of life. maybe cuz ur family?

If I lived with my brother it would be the same way and he is an ESTJ but I think that's just because we're family. 

My roommates r now r an INTJ, ISTJ and ESTP and I get along the best with the ISTJ. We can have good conversations for hours. 

&gt;Edit. It's socionics, right?

Yes. It's confirmed by my experience as well. 

&gt; Please help me understand why putting dominant functions against each other's inferior functions is a good idea.

The dominant function needs the inferior function. They work together. Ne builds off Si. And Si helps see different Ne. So in a mature user they compliment each other. However it's impossible for any personality type to have a strong inf. function which is why they need to get that from someone else.  

Behaviorally I noticed that speaking with Si doms (INTJs and ISFJs) really calms me down. Whereas other people fail asleep to these types, I actually like them because of how hyper active Ne can be. From their POV, the Ne brings them to life. You might even notice a similar issue which is something you get really bored from doing too much random website reading which is basically an Ne overload and need real life sensation (Si) to get rid of the boredom. 

The success of these relationships really depends on how mature the users are. In the case of the ENFPs it's developing Te and Si, so recognizing the importance of getting things done and that planning or attention to detail that Si provides. For the ISTJ it's understanding Fi and Ne, which is the motivation for what you're doing and the importance of seeing different possibilities. Or you ENFPs that are okay being serious and ISTJs that are okay being silly. 

&gt;ESTJ with ENFP?

Yes that is why ENFP-ISTJ is the best as both are perceivers. Similarly ESTJ-INFP is best because both are judgers. ENFP-ESTJ is slightly off balance because of perceiver vs. judger but it's still way better relationship than any other type except ISTJ. 

It's also in some ways better. ESTJ-ENFP over stimulates both people as each dominant function mobilities the tertiary so it's gives super highs. Really funny. 

ENFP-ESFP, we get along very well when we're accomplishing a task or goal (because of same judgement) but opposite perceiving axis makes our methods of communication kinda boring for each other. This is especially an issue because the Se of the ESFP makes them appear very shallow and the Ne of the ENFP craves deep conversation. I think there is some misunderstanding in your knowledge of the theory. 

ENFP-ISTJ is not the opposite pairing. ISTP is the opposite pairing. This is because MBTI's naming convention for introverts is incorrect. INTJ should be INTP and INTP should be INTJ. They are flipped. 

ENFP-ISTJ (technically INTp) both share the exact same function axes. Ne/Si and Te/Fi. What this means is that type types are converging to the same point but from different angles. The first part is key, they are converging to the same goal. This is called the Quadra characteristics. 

Ni and Ne are contradictory functions. Ni users will want to go deep and dig into one subject. Ne users will want to jump around from topic to topic. Similarly Si wants to focus on the main idea while Se wants to describe a scene in detail. These differences create problems with communication and they even change humor style. 

Ne rejects Se, not Si. Either you are aware of the world at face value (Se) or you are aware of the possible that could be (Ne). They are both extraverted perception functions. Ne discounts the world for what it is to see it for what it could be while Se does the opposite. 

Functions that came in an axis pair by definition complement each other. This is seems like a contradiction between at first they seem like they cancel each other out. The best way to visualize them as counterbalances. Si counter balances Ne.  

With the ENFP the way this manifests itself as Ne sees possibilities. Fi decides whether those are good things or bad things. Te wants to make them happen. Si provides the planning necessary to make that a reality. 

To go even further. Ne is risk loving while Si is risk averse. You can see this in the crazy ENTP/ENFP vs the timid ISTJ/ISFJ. So they balance each other out. What good are my visions if I cannot make them a reality? As I've gotten older I've realized that there have been a lot of situations where I thought things would go one way (Ne) and that didn't happen because of inadequate planning (Si). So you can sum up the Ne/Si axis as **What are the possibilities (Ne imagination) and how do we account for variables (Si sensation)**.  They work together and if you haven't sufficiently developed Si then you'll be reckless like the stereotypical ENXP.

ENFP-ISFJ are semi-duals. Conversations are smooth like with the iSTJ but we have trouble agreeing to decisions because of the swapped function axis. For this reason I personally prefer the activity pair (ESTJ) over the semi-dual (ISFJ). 

ENFP-INFP relationship is mirror. The big problem is that they are actually a J dom. So for the ENFP, the goal of all the functions is the serve Ne's exploration. Fi is only used in service of Ne. So the (healthy) ENFP will repress their judgments of people and they view that as being self-actualized. The INFP is the opposite. They believe that they need to repress Ne for the service of Fi. This means both types misinterpret the purpose of their functions. BTW it's interesting because I notice a similar issue with the ESTJ. They are both judgmental. 

Lastly having the maturity of a 50yr old is a good thing. Developing your functions develops maturity. With regards to ENTPs, I know two and neither has adequately developed their Fe and that actually annoys me. Similarly I know one ESTP who has developed his Fe and its interesting how similar that makes him to the ENFJ. So these pairings really relay on the people developing their Ter functions. Which btw I would say is a huge roadblock for a lot of people. 
&gt; Firstly, there is no misunderstanding in my knowledge of the theory. You noticed that we come from different Jungian worlds. You are from socionics and I'm from MBTI, consider Mars and Venus. So when I say polar opposite, I obviously mean something else than the scheme socionics uses to define relationship dynamics. We don't speak the same language on that part, although I'm learning your side of the equation as we go. When I say polar opposite,

Both MBTI and Socionics have 16 different personality types based on the exact same cognitive functions. So they are not two different systems. They are the two different theories on the exact same system. As you master MBTI, you will find the theory inadequate and Socionics expands the theory to fit in those gaps. 

&gt;When I say polar opposite, I mean the most far apart personality types there could be. Like with your ENFP NeFiTeSi that would be ISFJ SiFeTiNe. This logic is followed by the fact that Si is the furthest away from Ne. It's the most different function there is opposite of the dominant Ne. Leading function against another leading function that is your inferior. 

Again this logic is incorrect. Inferior function is still consciously valued by the user. It's valued less than the Dom, Aux, and Ter. but it's still consciously valued.

The opposite type from the ENFP is the ISTP. Ti is the weakest function in the ENFP, followed by Se. ISTP is Ti, Se. ESTP is close too and that has definitely been my experience with regards to how they think. 

&gt;To pair an Ne with an Si is just making them both do a whole lot of compromising. Too much, in fact. These personalities are just so different that neither will be able to be themselves, what essentially makes you you.

This is completely false. Compromising in a negative way occurs when you jump function axes. Compromising in a good way occurs when you interacts with the opposite end of you function axis. 

I already explained this from 1 angle which is Si planning helps flush out the Ne vision. Another way to view this is an N Dom stuck only using intuition is delusional. They are viewing the world for what it could be, making **assumptions** about reality that are (AND ARE NOT) true. It's only through sensation that they test those assumptions and reconcile their imagination of reality with reality itself. To illustrate, an immature (ENFPs, INFPs, ENTPs, INTPS) will make a lot of baseless assumptions without realizing it and not recognize that they never even checked them. Si fixes this issue so yes they are complementary. 

And an inverse argument can be made for the Si dom needing Ne. Basically that without Ne, they cannot see other possible alternatives. I think maybe what you don't understand is that each function has strengths AND weaknesses. Which is why it's really important to develop the Ter. and Inf. functions so they counteract the weaknesses of the Dom. and Aux. 

The introverted perception functions, both Si Ni, organize and structure perception. This is based on my own personal experience. So they are good bases for the judging functions to plan because they provide information in a way that is easily used. In contrast the extraverted perception functions, both Se and Ne, are chaotic. 

&gt; Also why would the ENFP be quiet about their judgements, how does this prove maturity? 

You are misinterpreting what I said. I said the ENFP will suppress their judgements (Fi) for perception (Ne) and that is a mature self-actulizied user. Likewise a mature INFP will do the opposite. This creates a problem where each user believes the other type is not using their functions properly. This occurs with the ESTJ as well. 

&gt; I hope you're not implying anything about the development of my Fe or my maturity, because that would just be rude.

Well I didn't attack you. I just pointed out my experience with some of my friends. But because you did take it personality, that would lead me to believe there are problems with you. Also I don't sense any Fe in your writing. Fi is the exact something as Ti.

Ti tries to model reality. Fi tries to model reality. The difference is Ti modals logic e.g Financial Models, physics, computer science, law, etc. while Fi models ethics in other words human nature. 

So Fi creates a deep framework of what is and isn't ethnical and uses that to model human actions. This is very similar to how Ti creates a framework to model social structure and uses that to model human actions. &gt; This would imply that Fi has no business in the realm of mathematics and science. Does it not?

Correct. But disclaimer everyone has all 8 functions so people will use different functions in those situation.  

&gt;Fi is just as logical yet leaves itself open to emotional responses or interpretation.

I think you are trying to reconcile this idea of emotion isn't logical in this sentence. Emotion is a misunderstanding of feeling functions. Again they are better described with the word ethics. They focus on ethics or right vs wrong, not happy vs. sad or like vs. dislike. 


&gt; The 8 functions theory might be something you believe. It is not something I've found valuable.

It is once you master MBTI and realize the 4 function theory is incomplete.

&gt;But what determines whether they deem something as right or wrong? Is it not their emotional response? If not what is it? You can say it has to so with principles but how are those principles developed?

I've had this conversation with an ESTP and the answer to your question is the exact same question in Ti form.


&gt;  But what determines whether they deem something as true or false? Is it not their rational response? If not what is it? You can say it has to so with rules but how are those rules developed?

The answer to both is the Ti and Fi believe things are true/false or right/wrong (respectively) by first defining certain statements as valid. One of the concepts in math is that it's impossible to prove everything so you have to define certain things as such; axioms. Same with Fi. For both functions, as long as the theory is generally true (i.e. some exceptions are allowed), both types view the model as correct. It's deductive logic. If the premises are correct then the conclusion is correct. &gt; in general Fi is negativistic

I'm not sure if you are aware of this but all the introverted functions are negativistic. This is because they focus on emphasizing certain data *over* others. This function of discounting certain data is viewed as negative. Hence extraverted functions would be the positivistic or inclusive. &gt;  emotional response

Again you are confusing emotion with Fi. They are not the same. &gt; I don't see socionics filling any gaps, only over-theoreticizing very complex personality structures that can't be explained in the depth it tries to accomplish. This can easily be demolished by practice and IRL examples (my Si in the works here)

Other way around. That's your Ne making assumptions about socionics overcomplicating. If you acquired actual info (Si) then you would find Socionics concepts do fill in the gaps. Why else do you think so many people study it? 

&gt;But now you did attack me by claiming I have problems. I don't hold anything against you, just to be clear. I'm just trying to learn, which I am. 

Case in point. You say you are trying to learn but the prior quote on Socionics says you don't want to learn it. 

&gt;I never said the inferior isn't valued by the user, it's just left in the shadow of the dominant

shadow functions are those that are used unconsciously. This is very different from inferior function.  

&gt;I don't see any reason why a person wouldn't "value" all the functions. You think people value only their type function stack?

1. Yes, people don't value functions outside of their stack natively. This is why people often get into many arguments with other people.

2. Even inside the 4 function stack, people start by only valuing the strongest function in childhood and learning through exp to value the lower function. e.g. You said Ne doesn't need Si so you haven't learned to value Si. 

&gt;You seem to insist that Ne needs Si to fix a problem it has. This is not the case. The functions are supposed to support the leading function. I don't see the fuzz about developing the inf. If my computer breaks, I call the (Ti) guy, not the historian (Si). I have no way of knowing how the computer has been fixed in the past, nor does the historian. The IT guy understands the logic about how it works, and can therefore fix it. As in, make it happen. If I want to build the future city of my dreams, again, I don't call the historian, they are unable to see my vision. Also, why would Si absolutely need Ne? Again, people couldn't just be who they are. The inferior function is so far away from your core personality that you couldn't be fully yourself with someone posessing it as their dominant. The Si is happy in their structured life, with occasional outbreaks. They find the unpredictability of Ne way too tiring. You would constantly be clashing your least developed function against the other's leading function. To break your boundaries, yes, but within limits. This would just constantly tire both of them out. It would be much better to develop your Si through for example an INTP, which makes a balanced relationhsip. And for the Si, and Se is much closer to their core personality to bring those other possible alternatives, but in a softer, understandable way.

This entire paragraph is your Ne making assumptions. You give a hypothetical situation (aka imagination aka intuition) about why you don't need Si. I gave you actual examples from my life (Si) about why Si is important. Similarly, I explained to you what actually happens when an Ne Dom and an Si Dom interact. The Ne type becomes less reckless and the Si type becomes more adventurous and that's good for both types, not bad. You are rejecting reality (Si) for intuition (Ne) and the result is you fail to see the importance of Si. This is a very common problem in the immature Ne &gt; Si types. 

&gt;Si is the weakest

Si is the weakest function you use consciously. Fi is actually the weakest function you use. 

&gt;Ni is a much better companion to an Ne. There is just no contest here. I have never met a NeSi couple, as rare as it is, without serious problems. There is just absolute zero proof in the real world (I'm using Si here as an Ne dom) for your theory.

No you're using Ne again and making assumptions that aren't true. I have three roommates, INTJ, ISTJ and ESTP. I get along the best with the ISTJ. We have the smoothest conversations. It's also interesting that I'll often "troll" the ESTP, basically make him question all his Ti beliefs, and ISTJ he totally understands when I am being serious or not. Only issue I have with him is that his Fi isn't as developed as it should so sometimes he overuses Te. Which is one of the advantages of this relationship. I can bring out the Fi in him and get him to make decisions using a opposite axis pole. 

I also met an ISTJ women a few months ago. Earlier 30s so she had well-developed Fi. Really great conversation. What happens irl is that the Ne humor of the ENFP will bring out the fun in the ISTJ. In contrast the INTJ's humor style is different from mine because of the Ni/Se vs Ne/Si.


&gt; Your absolute best match, (in my theoretical assumptions NeTi, and assuming that you're an ENFP) would be an INTJ (or possibly INFJ)

See above for problem with INTJ. With INFJ all 4 functions are opposite (Fi vs Fe, Ne vs Ni...) so it's a terrible combo. We just don't agree on a native level. The only thing that's good about that relationship is that we're both P-types so we will overlook each others differences to some degree. 

&gt;The reason why Ne is best coupled with Ni is that its the shadow of the dominant. It helps Ne to narrow it down and become more focused. It constructs perception in a way the Ne understands. Imagine two huge boulders hitting against each other vs blending into each other.

Okay this is the correct usage of shadow function. The problem is Ne get's bored of focusing in on one area in detail. That's why Ne is extraverted. So the user doesn't consciously want Ni. 

Also your missing the fact that opposite perception axis completely change the way people communicate and that means it's difficult to talk long-term to a user of different function axis without getting bored. 

&gt;You mean that in a relationship, an INFP believes an ENFP is not using their functions properly and vice versa?

Correct. &gt; Also, you seem to be entirely hung up on axes, when the functions don't work like that in the brain, they work in tandems, **perceiving is coupled with judging**. So the NeSi doesn't share similar communication with SiNe, but with other Ns. The NeJi is the main couple, best coupled with something that works with it, like NiJe, or other NeJe or JiNe or JeNi.
&gt; 

 
Then that goes against your entire logic. Ne (Pe) is coupled Fi (Ji) which is coupled with Te (Je) which is coupled with Si (Pi). So yes NeSi communicates SiNe. They are by your definition coupled together in the user.  

This logical can be taken one-step further and used to define maturity. Maturity is how well a person has developed their lower functions. Which in the case of the ENXP is developing Si. 

&gt;The intuitive functions process information similarly, in an abstract way. This is why they understand each other. They are the underlying meanings and possibilities.

This is not true. Ni is taking Se information and combining it into one singular concept. Ne is taking Si information and mapping into many different ways. Ni is inventive, it creates new things. Ne is innovation, it redevelops exiting things. They are similar in that they are both imagination, they are dealing with ideas or concepts that aren't real (yet), but this is done in very different ways.  They do not work the same way tho. 

&gt;Now, generally speaking, to talk the same language, people need to posess a similar way of processing information. This is especially true in dominant perceivers. Ne and Ni process information similarly, but in a different orientation, this is why the other sees what the other can't and can explain things in a way the other understands but from a different standpoint. They bring each other's unconscious side to the surface. This is extremely valuable to the N user. This novelty also commonly leads to similar humor. Humor has a lot of factors at play. All of this is supported by my numerous relationships with Ni (and Ne) dominants, vs say Si dominants who usually phase out or restrict the Ne as soon as the going gets abstract, or in any way "out of hand". And these Sis are some intelligent people, they just don't process information the same way. They are able to do it, they just get exhausted by it because it is not natural to them. Much like Ne users get exhausted by concrete details Si.

&gt;Let us have a thought experiment, leaving all talk about functions aside. Would you rather have the somewhat ignored world of your leading function, something you couldn't see by yourself, brought to you on a platter, or would you have things you consciously know you get tired (or bored) from constantly brought to your attention? Both are important learning experiences for sure.


Again more Ne theorizing. You aren't giving actual scenario results. 

I got a better thought experiment for you.**If Si is contradictory to Ne then why are both functions in the stack of all Ne/Si users?** So how does the ESTJ function with both Ne/Si in the middle of the stack? Do they just not use Ne then? And If so why is it in their stack? 

I'll answer for you. You started with MBTI which simplified everything into a 4 functions (S/N vs T/F) and so you have having problems expanding that model outward to 8 functions/4axis which is you misinterpreting and convoluting information. 

&gt; Ne vs Si differ on both in orientation and in processing. This is why they are the farthest apart in terms of perceiving.

Again same as above? **If they are the furthest apart how come they are both in the function stack of individuals?** Every Si user has Ne and vice-versa. 

&gt;Ne dominants, in the real world, have a lot more in common with Se dominants due to their similar outwardly directed nature. 

This is true however it is because you are now comparing common features of EXXPs. I will agree that (ENTPs, ESTPs, ENFPs, ESFPs) can appear very similar behaviorally. But with that said upon closer inspection you'll see cognitively they are very different. Yes, sounds like an ESTJ in a Te-Ne loop.

It's worth noting that the stereotypical descriptions for the personality types are mature and/or healthy individuals. 

&gt;ENFP/ESTJ: Ne/Te or Te/Ne--Borderline Personality Disorder. The ENFP I described above may have been one of these types. They simultaneously desire to control and dazzle others with their extraordinary leadership and grandiose performances. For the ENFP, this tends to take the form of insisting on consistent, scheduled attention from others for his/her artistic or creative gifts, while for the ESTJ it tends to manifest itself in terms of indignation when others refuse to follow every detail of the user's "visionary" leadership style. This combination, ironically, makes the user extremely dependent upon others for meaning, never really finding a sense of internal balance, no matter how hard he works to create and delegate. While Te leads these types to desire structure and discipline, Ne continually contradicts it by insisting on impulsive displays of creative freedom. Often self-denigrating over the inability to control Ne's impulsive explorations, Te will go to any lengths to keep the user in a position of power and influence, where others must defer to his authority. If Fi/Si were doing its job, these types would recognize that what they're looking for cannot be found outside themselves--they must learn to sometimes live for themselves and only themselves, and forget about external results for a moment. http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html
Honestly I find the words subjective and objective to be confusing. I prefer to think in terms of depth and breadth.

Introverted functions prefer depth. Extroverted functions prefer breadth ISTJs are pretty boring unless you have strong Ne to bring out their fun side. 

this link will explain the playful part.

http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/romance-styles/Yes. 

Self actualization is developing the 4 cognitive functions. (or 8 including shadow functions). As a person develops their functions, especially the lower 2 (e.g. ENFP develops Te and Si) they start to take characteristics of their activity pair (e.g. ESTJ for the ENFP). That bring the person into alignment with their Quadra values. For the ENFP this is believing perfection is attained from the elimination of defects and they exercise this in terms of eliminating bad core values in humans. 

http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/15-Socionics-Four-QuadraDom function is noticeable very early, by kindergarten.          
Aux function starts developing around high school and is usually fully developed by the end of college.                  
Ter function develops in mid 20s.*          
Inf functions develops around 30.*

*Not everyone develops the Ter. and Inf. functions and in fact a LOT of people stop maturity at college level. Also unhealthy people skip the Aux function and relay on Dom + Ter. 

&gt;It's a passionate but very dramatic relationship where we've broken up and gotten back together **7** times.

You should move on. 7 times is a huge red flag.

I have a lot of ENTP friends. They are the type that is easier for me to start a friendship because of Ne. With that said I wouldn't want to date an ENTP for 2 reasons.

1. Too much Ne. When I get with other ENTPs, especially those that haven't developed Si, we can never finish a sentence because we just go off some random topic. I get frustrated that I have difficulty forming a complete thought. It's basically like my Aux-Ter-Inf functions get locked out and we're only using Ne. 

2. Fi/Fe difference is a huge drawback. I ALWAYS end up upsetting the ENTPs in the long run because of Fi. In addition, it's impossible to count on the ENTP for emotional support because I want Fi, not Fe. It's the exact same issue with the semi-dual. The shared perception axis draws both users together but the opposite judgement axis stops each person from being able to fully trust (fully understand) each other. It's cruel. 

I personally would only want to date ISTJs and ESTJs at this point. both. I added the bottom part about a lot of ppl not becoming mature.I don't like this conversation. From personal experience:

A) ESTPs flirting is too mean for the ENFP. 
&gt;Maybe that's why I think you're a pest

B) ENFP seems to be have self-esteem issues. Healthy ENFPs don't say this. 
&gt;I think it's fitting for me [to die]. 
that's worse then. &gt; hey are being ignored or relegated to the unconscious. This is not the same as being skipped

This is semantics cuz that can be argued for all practical purposes to be the same thing. 
&gt; ENFP...Monkey D. Luffy

ESFP mate. I think Ne is the bigger problem with regret because it makes you wonder about the other possibilities. 

Personally I regret things I didn't do or actions I could have taken heavily, for a long time. Bad decisions I made, usually I'll only regret for maybe a day or two and even then I can rationalize it as a learning experience. &gt; because the result wasn't good

It's impossible to predict the future so you can't be results oriented. In other woulds you have to make the best decision in the present given all the information available. For the ENFP this means making decisions based on their Fi value model. So as long as you are generally making correct decisions (51%+) then you are more right than wrong which is good. 

&gt;Does anyone have a good way to demonstrate how intuitive types appear in the wild? It's a common problem with the N vs S issues where people just assume N **are just S** + some cool stuff when in reality, they're lacking in other areas

Bold part is the key. Technically people have both types but for the purposes of this discussion it's better to just discount the other function. This leads up to understanding the following.

Ns reject sensation. They reject the world before their eyes for an world that could be. When his vision is accurate, it's like a super power. In other words they are making assumptions about the world. So naturally when these assumptions are wrong, they come off totally clueless and disconnected from reality. Good example would be Alex Jones. He has "crazy" conspiracy theories such as the govt spying on you. Well turns out that was true. But a lot of the other stuff he said, like fema death camps, not so true. 

Conversely S types take the world at face value. So they have a good reading of the world as it is. But the problem is that by rejecting intuition, they don't see what is beneath the surface. An example of this is Hillary Clinton. She was completely right that a lot of people hated Donald Trump but she couldn't see that he had a lot of grassroots support and a strong chance of winning so she didn't bother campaigning key swing states.  

Neither is better than the other because each has strengths and weaknesses. So it is very important to develop both functions. Determining perceiving functions is very easy based on your speech.

Ne will jump around from ideas to ideas when they speak. They start with one topic and within a few minutes they are talking about something completely different.

Ni will hone in on one subject. They go deeper and deeper and every new ideas adds to the original subject. ISTP easily. In my experience IXTPs are much more dick than EXTP. 

PoLR Fi in the ENTP and especially ESTP makes it difficult for them to understand Fi logic. But because Fe is the Ter. function, they'll calibrate their speech and actions to avoid hurting other people's feelings. As they mature, they develop a tendency to avoid *seriously* hurting people's feelings. 

It's also worth noting that IXTPs are actually judgers while EXTPs are perceives so that also plays a role. can't tell from this writing sample. Trump is an ESFP. Actual ESTP would be Mark Cuban. 

Same logic applies to IXTJs and EXTJs. IXTJs are perceivers, Pi specifically so they tend to be very cautious. Because Fi is their Ter. function, as they mature, they develop a framework to analyze what people like and don't like. In contrast the EXTJs always have a  very weak Fi and so they tend to calibrate with direct information from sensation after the fact.

INFPs are definitely judgers. Ne is the exact same in INFP and ENFP but the usage is different. For the ENFP, Ne is life. The most important aspect to life is exploring and getting new information. To this end the ENFP will repress their judgement (Fi).  This causes me a huge problem because people will be very shocked or surprised when I start judging and telling people what they are doing right or wrong. This is usually the case in general but specifically to me, it makes me appear very Dr. Jackal and Mr. Hyde by switching between perception and judgement. I am using Fi to explore for Ne. 

In contrast the most important aspect in life for the INFP is being true to themselves and they don't want to repress that to perceive more. A good example of this would be Steven Colbert, he is really mean and brutal to people (including guests) that he does not respect. Because cognitive functions alone are not sufficient enough to describe people. That's why people add enneagram to the mix. Together they give a really good description of personality types imo. ENFPScononics already has this covered. ENFP and ISTJ is called dual relationship and it's the best for those types. 6th function is called the demonstrative function in socionics. From personal experience I believe it's unconscious, uncontrollable and very strong. 

As an ENFP, I use Fi for my decisions and often times I do not care about the harmony of the environment as a result. However, in my natural-state, or when I'm in the zone, I do care a lot about others. For instance when I'm working in a group, I'll check up on other members and make sure they are comfortable with my vision and that they are not struggling to achieve their results. Similarly when I do public speaking, I want to make sure the entire audience is engaged and that everyone is excited and happy with my presentation. I can feel the effects of Fe on my actions. 2 things.

1) ESTJ is a J Dom while INTJ is a P dom. Although you are right that they can help you get shit done, in the long-run you will want to explore more than do more and you'll get frustrated with the single-minded ness of the ESTJ.

2) ESTJ is an Ne user while INTJ is Ni so the ESTJ is redeveloping existing things while the INTJ is creating new things. Socionics renames the INTJ INTp because of this. true judger or perceiver is determined by Dom function, not first extroverted function. MBTI totally screwed this up.   &gt; Because I relate to the world through my extroverted function. I am very frontal.

All cognitive functions are designed to help you "relate to the world." The idea that extraverted functions are more worldly than introverted functions is completely wrong. 
&gt;INTP type legend David Keirsey

lol. Keirsey was horoscope tier. Nothing is backed up by solid theory or modeling, just his own intuition of how he liked people to be grouped. how does that make any sense?

then what does the introverted side relate more too?  why not label all types by the introverted function instead.It's easier working the other way around. Taking an actual real life decision someone made and then using cognitive functions to explain why they made that decision. Pretty correct except for this part

&gt;Since my Te is not as developed as say an ExTJ or IxTP, and since I was skipping my own feelings, I would come across very rude and aggressive, and combined with Ne, probably manipulative

1. Your Te *can* be just as well developed as an ESTJ. However you will (often) suppress Te for Ne and Fi because it's your ter. function. This might seem like nitpicking but it's important distinction. In other words, the meaning of life for an ENFP is Ne and Fi, Te, Si augment that. Te in the service of Ne: Te is only as useful as it helps bring new possibilities for Ne to explore. In contrast for the ESTJ the meaning of life is Te and Ne is only as good as it helps Te accomplish it's task. So you could have very well-developed Te however you just don't care to use it because Ne or Fi is more valued.

2. Even if you using Fi, you could still (and probably) will come off as very rude and/or aggressive. Especially if you are using both Fi and Te together. To become nice, you need to develop your shadow Fe which is another topic. 

The problem with not using Fi is that you lose the introverted self-balance. Fi/Te remind me of this quote from Jurassic Park. 

&gt;scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should

Without using Fi, you end up doing tasks (Te) because of what they could mean to other people (Ne) and the result is that you cannot maintain happiness or satisfaction long-term because you are completely dependent on the feedback/approval of others. You'll need constant and constant validation. The irony is that without Fi, you cannot meet the emotional needs of not only yourself, but of other people as well. I would say most people gravitate toward the opposite. Same perception axis but different judgement axis. Ni is unconscious when it's a shadow function. You're focusing too much on behavior. Instead you need to focus on how you make decisions. That is the cognitive functions.

&gt; They're inclusive and non-judgmental. They have a strong sense of right or wrong, good or bad, fair or unfair.

It's the other way around. Fi, like all introverted functions is exclusive and because it's a judgement function then by definition it is judgmental. The judgement it makes is about what is right or wrong, good or bad, fair or unfair, etc. and it does this by excluding other people's definition of said things for it's own framework. 

&gt;"I wish I was more tolerant of people." "I wish I was passionate about ethics or moral codes." "I wish I could be a better listener."

Fi isn't about being tolerant or being a good listener, those are traits a user can have but they are not what Fi is itself. As for ethics or moral code, Fi is about having a well-developed honor or moral code. You could say that leads to passion in this area but again this is more of a byproduct rather than a description of Fi. The reason this is important is because it helps under inf. Fi better. The Te dom becomes preoccupied with doing the task that they fail to understand why they are doing what they are doing in the 1st place. In other words they lack the Fi moral compass to guide them. Good example of this is the CEO that spends his life trying to reach the top only to realize he is miserable and his effort was in vain because he is not happy. Thus Fi can be described as an internal moral compass. &gt; Okay, I definitely should have worded my original post better (or at least proof-read it). What I was trying to get across by "tolerant" and "non-judgmental" probably should have been reworded. I meant to compare it with Fe's tendency to obey social norms and want other to also obey those norms. Anyone who sticks out as "odd" or "different" is defying those norms. Fi, on the other hand, doesn't care so much for societal expectations. As long as someone adheres to Fi's own personal values, they can be as "odd" (to society) as they like and Fi won't judge them for it. Judging as in, looking at someone and going "hmm, why are they wearing that, tsk tsk" - not as in Judging vs Perceiving. Fi does make their own judgments but I meant they disregard societal norms themselves and aren't judgmental of whether people adhere to them. 

This is true however it's not the complete picture. Fi user will judge people based on their own Fi standards. For me, because I have a well-developed Fi, I judge people heavily based on character. People that are lazy for instance disgust me and because Fi cares less about ensuring social harmony (or not at all), I'll have no problem bitching a person out for lack of performance. As a result, in certain situations, I'll be viewed by other people as incredibly judgmental, more so than typically J dom.

The more developed Fi is, the more judgmental it becomes because developing Fi means creating higher standards and values that people (including yourself) should adhere too. People that adhere to said honor code are good or noble while people who do not are bad or ignorant. Fi judges people based on it's one internal code. 

I would also add that from what I've seen in immature Fi users, their internal code mimics societies standards to a large degree. 

&gt;I have a cheat sheet list of criteria for each function that I've been compiling over the last few weeks/months of studying MBTI. One of the listed features of Fi is "patient listener" (in hindsight "tolerant" isn't actually on there so I think I pulled it out of my ass). Would you say that's inaccurate? Honestly I want to delete it from the list because I've been feeling guilty about being such a shit listener "for a Fi-dom".

I think that has more to do with people's behavior traits than cognitive functions but I could be wrong. You find the Fi noms are good listeners because people are telling them stuff that doesn't conflict with their own Fi framework so they don't have anything to dispute. 

&gt;And a final question, is it useful to separate "description" of X function and "byproduct" of it? Because yes, the byproduct isn't part of what makes up that function, but functions are used by people and when that happens, the byproduct will occur, so from a practical perspective X function implies that byproduct will occur.

Yes its very important. Cognitive functions are not behavioral traits and you'll see the same traits appear in different types if u look hard enough. By using traits instead of the functions, you miss understanding the functions.

&gt; Eg. Mine is Te, which is all about logic based in external facts and organising things, making Te users great leaders. However, if let's say an INFJ with Te as the seventh function started using Te, they would most likely start becoming very authoritarian and forceful in their attempt to organise a group and they would not be very good at using Te at all.)

that's what happened to hitlerhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dezW-O9TUJA

Cruz is an ESTP. Trump is an ESFP. The difference should be obvious. Cruz attacks Trump on policy (Ti) while Trump attacks Cruz on character (Fi). In addition Trump is much more nasty and vicious because of Fi vs. Fe of Cruz.

Another example of an ESTP would be Mark Cuban. The Ti of the ESTP makes them appear smarter than the ESFP because they build complex systems. You can see this when Mark Cuban speaks about issues. He accused Trump of being lazy and not learning. Their Ti buffers out the shallowness of Se academically. 

Similarly Teddy Roosevelt was most likely an ESTP and you can see that in the actions Teddy took as president such as enhancing the forest service or passing antitrust laws. He understood complex systems because of Ti. Trump has absolutely no policies or plans and that's pretty common with the ESFP as both thinking and intuition are their weakest functions. In addition it's extraverted thinking which can be shallow and PoLR is Ti. 

EDIT: I think one of the big reasons people have a hard time telling if Trump is an ESTP or ESFP is because of the demonstrative function. The demonstrative function and the mobilizing (territory) function both do very similar things except one is conscious while the other is unconscious. In the case of the ESTP, Te is demonstrative function and Fe mobilizing while for the ESFP it's flipped. That's why the ESFP can look very similar to the ESTP. So spotting Ti vs Fi is the key. people don't like being wrong. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YurHI-d3Dk

longest Se ramble I have ever heard, "Imagine...."Agreed on not typing politicians from rehearsed speeches.

Have not watched your video but Steven Crowder isn't an ENFP. He is Ti &gt; Fe. Most likely ESTP. Actual ENFP would be Alex Jones. (Tucker Carlson might be an ENFP too). &gt; the rare male ENTP who has somehow learned not to be a memelord cunt about literally everything and is actually a decent person.

still looking for that as a best friend. I don't think bias = like.

I have no bias when it comes to types because I can understand the pros and cons. With that said I gravitate toward other Ne/Si users in general and I really like other people in my Quadra. &gt; Basically, all extroverted functions are object-oriented and look at the object in isolation (sidebar: etymology of 'object' is literally 'that which is in front of [us]'). Introverted functions are best thought of as the relation /between/ things. The easiest example is Fi, because it is actually the emotional push and pull between actors and things

I don't think this definition is accurate. Fe can also be described as the emotional push between actors (people) and things (other people). In fact Fe is more accurate to define as the relationship between as Fi deals with the relationship of the individual; in fact you could even say in isolation from the feeling of other people. know an unhealthy INFJ. problem is she doesn't want to talk about any subject involving people's feelings. herself or others. &gt; Shadow functions only come out when the ego and your self-identity are threatened.

This probably isn't correct.

From my experience, when I get stressed out, I starting Te and Si more than Ne and Fi. Despite being a shadow function, I am actually more comfortable (and happy and better) using Fe than Te; per Socionics demonstrative function. Likewise in my natural state, when I just walk around and think, I'll get Ni insights although I tend to forget them very fast. &gt; guilty about things I've done in the past, even if they were really petty like forgetting to submit an assignment.

Not submitting assignments is a big issue, doesn't seem petty to me. 

Just took the 16personallities test. Got ENTP with 100% thinking. Actual type is ENFP.

IMO the tests are too unreliable to be practically valid: 

* J/P difference is completely wrong for introverts. e.g. INFJ and INTJs are definitely P types. They tend be very disorganized and care more about observing than making decisions. Inversely INTPs and ISTPs are really stubborn and focused on their way of thinking. 
* E/I difference is too reliant on social skills or confidence. This is especially true for extroverts. I've seen a lot of extroverts mistype themselves because they lack confidence or social skills.

In order for these tests to give a useful % of each type, they would require calculating the error by comparing the test with the person's actual type. But that would require building a database of people's real types which means you could get the % of each type from that directly instead of the survey. 
&gt; But it misses that I tend to loosely prepare for all future situations, so when I procrastinate and bang something out at the last minute

That's exactly what being a P type means, you keep your options open until the last minute possible to absorb as much possible information before making a decision. 

The preparing for future situations has to do with Dom Ni and Inf. Se. &gt; Fi-Te is sentimental, not necessarily soft when Te is not repressed. Ti-Fe is more analytical, but also more friendly, light and agreeable when Fe is not repressed.

Ti and Fi are equally analytical FYI. 


&gt;The test is perfectly fine. The issue is that the system the test uses is not Jungian typology

You are missing the point I am making. The issue with the tests, any MBTI test, is there is too much interpretation with regards to the question being asked. Both Ni and Si organize perception so they both plan for future situations albeit in different ways. Set the Dom functions to 1. Aux is then .75, Ter .5 and Inf .25 = Total = 2.5

Dom = 40%.              
Aux = 30%          
Ter = 20%                  
Inf = 10%

So a person only using Dom + Aux is 70% and learning Ter brings them up to 90%. Which matches up roughly to what I've seen in real life with people using ter. being far more mature.yep

this is true to some degree for all EXXPs. That's actually your demonstrative Fe bleeding through and wanting to affect other people, not Ne. So use Fe. I stopped responding because you aren't using real life sensation to verify your intuition so it's pointless to talk to you. You just go back to ur assumptions and then use those assumptions to "prove" your point. 

Go read what you just posted. There is no sensation at all in that post. All Ne hunches. At max, the Ji types are willing to push their beliefs on other people more than Je types because those views are internally valid and they are willing to discard other people's logic. &gt;  I have a hard time seeing an Fi/Ti dom pushing anything on others.

Steve Jobs - ISTP

&gt;If your dominant function at its base is Introverted, and that function is basically the one with the steering wheel, why would it Extrovert?



&gt;Extroverted attitudes attempt to make the inner self more like the outer world's objective ideal.
Introverted attitudes attempt to make the outer world more like the inner self's subjective ideal.&gt; Ti being the function that **collects information** and builds on it until something makes sense, and then constantly reworks its opinions based on new information. Its also overly concerned with internal consistency and works to build a complete, coherent picture.
If that's driving you, why would it suddenly want to **stop gathering information and then push that outward**? I thought the epitome of unhealthy behavior for a Ti dom is either the Ti-Ni or the Ti-Si loop, which drives you more inward.

The mistake you are making is conflating judgement with perception. You are stating Ti is only concerned with collecting data. Ji is a judgement function just like Je and that means they both characterize how a person acts in the real world. 

A Ji user aligns their actions in the real world based on their internal (introverted) judgement system, in other words they are acting independently of the judgements of others people. A Je type aligns their actions in the real world based on their external (extroverted) judgement system, in other words they are making decisions based on what other people want them to do. &gt;those tasks you can think of as things everyone does on a daily basis. 

like?get an internship n find a gfstill shows that you aren't a hard worker. &gt; So INFP and ENFJ? Lots of sites say that's the "ideal match".

Gonna be a very hard relationship to manage. INFP will think ENFJ is fake while ENFJ will think INFP is selfish. 
&gt; If you are interested in learning about actual theoretical research based on the foundation that Jung created, then you should look into Socionics

quoted 4 truth. 
Personally I think these definitions show a lot of INFJ bias and are very confusing, even if they are accurate. 

An easier simpler way to describe Si would be as sensation that requires processing while Se is sensation taken at face value. So the Si types constantly compares new sensation with a database of prior sensation and they focus on the difference or change between the sensation. The more new sensation resembles old sensation, the more they like that. So Si by itself wants to replay the exact same highlight reel over and over again. 

And this is what happens to immature Si users, they repress Ne and get stuck doing the something for their entire lives. But if the user matures, then they will realize this is the weakness of overreliance on Si and sometimes it's necessary to do things that have never been done before. At that point that'll recognize the positive aspects of Ne in their thought process and use it as good as it can be be used for an inferior user. 

Now with regards to comparison between an ISXJ and ESXP, it's important to note that the ISXJ is in fact an ISXP, so when Jung says both types want the "highest pitch of actuality" what he is really observing is SP and in fact the desire for these types to both search for P. The extroverted sensing perceiving will rush head first to experience more experiences while the introverted will slowly build out from their comfort zone to experience more experiences. This mirrors the Ni and Ne types. 

As for Ni, it's harder for me to sum that function up in a clearer definition. Best I can say is that Ni takes Se--so it doesn't come up with [nouns] from nothing--and then combines the data into something new or develops a new insight from the Se. It's a genesis process or inventive process. This is in contrast to Ne that can be described as an innovative process because it takes existing Si data and reworks it into something new. 



You seem like an Fi type to me. look how many times you said I and everything relates back to how you feel about things. Also your writing focuses mainly on people rather than things so it does seem to be that you are an F type. 

As for perception axis. Seems like a lot of Ne because you talk a lot of different things and you even say this:

&gt; I can never narrow down just one conclusion 

rough guess would be ENFP. &gt; In my view, this is the real distinction between Ni and Ne. The reason why Ni can do genuine synthesis is that the underlying assumptions are monomorphic, and the structural forms of the ideas are polymorphic, whereas in Ne the structural forms of the ideas are monomorphic, but the underlying assumptions are polymorphic.
&gt;
&gt; In essence, Ne depends on the structure of the idea not changing, and Ni depends on the underlying principles of the idea not changing in order to be able to process the sheer volume of data. Thus why there's this idea of Ni being "single-track" and Ne being "concurrent".

Cn you elaborate on this more? I am not familiar with those terms. just FYI celetrities types isn't 100% right. For instance Allen Watts is an INFJ, not ENFP. Te is ignoring function. Ni is demonstrative function.

http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/functions/Id

Fi is the role function and Se is the PoLR

http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/functions/Super-Ego&gt; Trying to grasp what you mean and don't mean by cross-contextual here:
&gt; 

Ne is interdiscipline. 
idk about infp. you seem fe to menot everyone has visions of grandeur and there may be some links to personality types but you'd need research to determine that. The INTP will go off-topic very often because of Ne and Si. ISTPs communicate with Se and Ni so they tend to remain focused on one subject. I didn't read the entire post because it's too long but I don't think your definition / understanding of Te vs. Ti is accurate enough.

To start, I don't like using the words objective and subjective. They were concepts Jung used to describe these functions and while I understand them, I don't think they are the most useful representation. IMO, It's better to refine extraverted functions as focusing on breadth while introverted functions are focusing on depth. 

Applying these concepts to thinking we get extroverted thinking is trying to accommodate all pieces of data, or all the facts. So Te is induction thinking, it starts with observations and then generates the theory. Introverted thinking is the opposite. It's deductive thinking so it starts with the theory and finds facts to fit the theory. Ti is perfectly fine discarding certain data as "outliers" assuming the theory generally works. 

Now both functions are instrumental or in other words judgmental because decide how a person makes decisions and thus acts in the world. Ti (and Fi) just take a little bit longer to accomplish the task if they need to construction the logical framework first. 
&gt; Te is more concerned with using the facts to accomplish what one wants more than anything(if you go by the function axis theory), not that it can't verify them (it certainly can, but it has a tendency to multiply facts due to its inductive nature)

The last part in the quotes in the key. The first part about using fats to accomplish a task is the result of the later part. If there is nothing or little to construction then yes the function tends to action. The problem here is that Ti is also concerned with using the facts to accomplish a task. 

&gt;And yes, Ti can do the same thing but it takes quite while for it to come to a conclusion because it needs to understand the logical structure of something to quite a extent. Then, we can say that it's trying to first fit everything in a logical framework and do what is rational more than anything else (not that it doesn't do what it wants to, I'm merely distinguishing between the basic nature of the function axes).

An unhealthily Ti user's model of reality does not line up with reality and they are stuck overanalyzing. A healthy Ti user's model of reality generally does line up with reality--this is key, when Ti is done right, it does accurately represent reality--and then they use that model to make decisions e.g. investment decisions, environmental control, etc. 

&gt;Truly, subjective and objective are quite exaggerated. Your brain cannot tell which is which, mostly. But the point here is that the Extraverted nature of the functions trusts the data from the external world more easily (objectivity) and hence, is too quick for the Introverted functions, which are slower only because the person needs to pass it through a personal framework (subjectivity). This doesn't mean that Extraverted functions are shallow or anything, Te and Se are more concerned with the concrete nature of objects (with Te trying to justify everything with a 'formula') while Ne and Se are more about observation.

Sounds like you are paraphrasing Micheal Pierce a lot without completely digesting the information. Like I said, subjectivity and objectivity are just one way to explain the functions. Yes extraverted functions are shallow. That is the trade-off they make. 

&gt;Or should we distinguish it as an interpretative vs empirical scale?
With Se and Te being the most empirical (least interpretative), concerned with manifestation. Se→Te.
Then come Ne and Fe, representing the interpretative section of the Extraverted type (being more interpretative than Te and Se). Concerned with conversation. Se→Te→Ne→Fe
Then come Ti and Si (empirical but still more interpretative than Te, Se, Ne and Fe). Concerned with formulation. Se→Te→Ne→Fe→Si→Ti.
Finally come Ni and Fi (the most interpretative). Concerned with interpretation with Fi being the most interpretative function (aligned with Te, being a Feeling function which is itself concerned with interpretation rather than concreteness, with Ni gaining insights from commonly observable phenomenon and aligned with the most empirical function, Se). Se→Te→Ne→Fe→Si→Ti→Ni→Fi.

This is completely wrong. All the functions are interpretive. Like I said, one of the reason I don't like using the words objective and subjective is because they make it difficult to describe these functions and you associate introverted with interpretive and extraverted with empirical which is not true at all. I'm not going to go line by line and nitpick every fault so I will just mention this. 

&gt; With the thinking functions, the focus lies on the logical correctness of data. Feeling functions are more interpretative since they read more into it,

This is a huge misunderstanding of the functions. The feeling functions and thinking functions are both judgement functions. They are both equally concerned with logical "correctness" however thinking is concerned with scientific correctness while feeling is concerned with ethnical correctness. 

Ti = believes scientific correctness is achieved through a rigorous (subjective) deductive framework that can explain certian situations in great detail at the cost of having limits on the domain and range of the function.      
Te = believes scientific correctness is achieved through a universal (objective) inductive framework that can account for all situations albeit imprecisely. 

Fi and Fe are exact something expect replace scientific with ethical. And we can go further deeper into the explanations of the functions but I believe this is a good base to start with because it clears up a lot of the misconceptions you seem to have learned. 

P.S. A lot of Jung's original work comes off as almost a form of a mysticism. Yes he is the pioneer that originally discovered the functions and laid the framework for our discussion but I highly recommend against treating his observations as scripture. He was analyzing the functions, given the information he knew at the time, to the best of his abilities. So a lot of his original work could be considered incomplete or inaccurate today. ENTPs and ENFPs are both debaters and explorers. There is a common saying that the ENTP will argue with anyone about anything but I find this equally true for the ENFP because of the shared Ne. 

The core difference between ENTPs and ENFPs is where their curiosity is aimed too. ENFPs tend to focus on people and the interpersonal interactions between people. ENTPs tend to focus objects and and explaining the rational world. Now because of the shared Ne, both types tend to learn about information in the other types area of expertise (i.e. ENFPs learn about science and ENTPs learn about relationships) but they are like fish out of water in this area. 

To go back to and apply this to debating, since both types will ultimately end up arguing with everyone. When the ENFP argues, they focus in on a person's motivative, desires or values. In other words they analyze a person's actions through the lense of Fi. When the ENTP argues, they focus in on a person's rational and the data behind the decision. In other words they analyze a person's actions through Ti. So the goal of arguing for the ENFP is play devil's advocate and hammer out any inconsistencies in a person's Fi while for the ENTP it's to hammer out any inconsistencies in a person's Ti.  I feel like a lot of Ni in the writing because of the contrasting different things and different elements of the same whole. Harder to guess the other axis but I lean toward Fe because the writer alludes to power outside the user "universal power."

&gt; It makes me wonder what would attract these types to each other initially?

ISTJ and ESFJ both use Ne/Si to communicate. &gt;my INTJ crush gave me that "WTF are you talking about" look practically every five seconds, especially when I was joking

did you ever consider that you sense of humor is just incompatible?&gt; Problem: he's an introvert, and the biggest J ever elected.
&gt; Same functions, different stacking. Obama is an ISFJ. Patient, polite, conscientious, business as usual.

ISFJ is actually a P type. Si Dom.

Obama is a blatant ENFJ. Obama's 2 biggest characteristics are Fe and Ni. Fe is obvious. Ni is harder to see it's there in how he formulates this thoughts. Michelle Obama does a good job impersonating the Ni at 5min. "Let me answer that in 3 points, then 1a and 1b" That's how Ni works, it structures data and then keeps on going deeper and deeper into the subject. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiMUoVjQ5uI
ENTPs and ENFPs are both debaters and explorers. There is a common saying that the ENTP will argue with anyone about anything but I find this equally true for the ENFP because of the shared Ne. 

The core difference between ENTPs and ENFPs is where their curiosity is aimed too. ENFPs tend to focus on people and the interpersonal interactions between people. ENTPs tend to focus objects and and explaining the rational world. Now because of the shared Ne, both types tend to learn about information in the other types area of expertise (i.e. ENFPs learn about science and ENTPs learn about relationships) but they are like fish out of water in this area. 

To go back to and apply this to debating, since both types will ultimately end up arguing with everyone. When the ENFP argues, they focus in on a person's motivative, desires or values. In other words they analyze a person's actions through the lense of Fi. When the ENTP argues, they focus in on a person's rational and the data behind the decision. In other words they analyze a person's actions through Ti. So the goal of arguing for the ENFP is play devil's advocate and hammer out any inconsistencies in a person's Fi while for the ENTP it's to hammer out any inconsistencies in a person's Ti.  

A quick difference between myself and an ENTP friend is the types of video games we enjoy. I really like RPGs with a strong about some hero overcoming some obstacles to save the day (Fi) while my ENTP friends prefers video games where he can mess around in and build or construct things like Minecraft (Ti). &gt;Ni is easy to see in Ni-doms

I personally find Ni to be one of the most difficult functions to see and often I'll try to spot Se instead. 

&gt; Ni-doms do a distinctive "pause and stare off into nothing", then come back and know exactly what they want to say.

Obama does that all the time. In interviews he often has difficult answering a question and stutters for a bit until he finds the Ni vision to explain. This is a really good explanation and explains the problems a lot of relationships have, especially those that require a 3rd person as a catalyst. Not sure off the top of my head. Try to find interviews or speeches where Obama speaks without a teleprompter. **Intuition is imagination**, it's seeing things that do not exist.

example: Sensation sees a Cave. Intuition sees that a bear could be inside the cave. ISTJs are fairly shy. I don't think it's possible for any ISTJ to ever mistype themselves as an extrovert. ESTJs with bad social skills sometimes mistype themselves as ISTJs but the difference is fairly obvious because they lead with Te instead of Si. 

Alternatively, ISTJs tend to do better with being kind or caring because of the stronger Fi.  very similar to the differences between Si and Se. ENTP and ENFP. Ne is constantly exploring for new things. J vs P difference. ENTPs are P types. INTPs are J types. 

Subquestion: you might be noticing some of the differences represented in enneagram types. samething MBTI mislabels introverts. INTPs should actually be labeled as INTJs. Socionics clears up this confusion by using the lower case j and p designation to avoid confusion with MBTI. So yes j and J are the something.Wrong. If you spend enough time with introverts you'll see for yourself. e.g. ISTJ is clearly a P type just like the ENFP while the INFP is clearly a J type just like the ESTJ. Similarly INFJ demonstrates P characteristics while ISTP demonstrates J characteristics. That's why Socionics relabels the introverts, so the name actually matches the behavior. 


Also there is no such thing as "good" functions. 

&gt; An INTJ and an ENTJ are much more alike and exhibit similar behavior in my opinion, compared to the INTP which doesn't resemble the ENTJ at all

That's because of habit. You have memorized NTJ as being Te/Ni and so you mentally group the types together using the last 3 letters. In other words you are conditioned by MBTI to see those similarities. The truth is the types can be named however one wishes. 

&gt;Also, you obviously knew what I meant by "good" functions, I'm not implying superiority of any functions,I merely meant the two most preferred ones.

No I didn't know that you define the two strongest conscious functions as "good." There is a big difference between Ti - Ne or Ne - Ti. Because the ENTP prefers Ne, they actively repress Ti and the result is they will argue about any issue for any point of view. To the ENTP, the meaning of life is to examine all viewpoints and not necessarily come to a decision. This explains the stereotypical annoying ENTP that hasn't learned to Ti and stick with it. In contrast the meaning of life for the INTP is to complete their Ti framework. They don't care as much about arguing an issue and instead focus more on convincing you of their thinking. It's a big difference in terms of behavior and it's because of the P/J distinction. 

To generalize further. The J/P distinction helps explain a lot more of the differences between the between "sister" types rather then lumping all the differences between E/I. 1. The difference between Trump's and Obama's demeanors give a good contrast between Fi and Fe respectively.

2. Snarky is a good word to describe Fe. Fe is very passive aggressive. It's job is to control the environment, just like Te, and it accomplishes this by being emotionally manipulative, rather than physically dominant. So yes, depending on your definition, Fe can be quite harsh in it's attempts to control the environment. 

3. Assuming you are an INFJ, it's important to recognize that you suppress the full extent of Fe in favor of Ni. So if you work with ENFJs, you'll notice they don't use Fe and Ni the same way you do and in fact at first you might even think their misusing the functions. I know I had that experience when I worked with an INFP and was shocked how judgement she was. Dom. vs Aux. makes a big difference in attitude and this is because the INFJ is actually a P type while the ENFJ is a J type. Will Ferrell, Jimmy Kimmel and Mark Cuban are good examples of ESTPs. All introverts as mistyped in MBTI. INFP is actually a J type. &gt; While they exert judgement, the direction of operating is still a P one. As in they use Ji, not Je.

That makes no sense at all. You're saying Ji = P. 

&gt; They are not imposing their judgement in a similar way that Je types do.

Yes, because introverted judgers by definition should be IXXJ and not EXXJ. 

Go spend some time with introverts and you'll see for yourself. There is no way I would ever consider an ISTP a perceiver. They are one of the most stubborn judgers I have ever meet and similarly INFJs are blatant perceivers. ENFJ isn't that bad. ENFP is much harder as a male. I know a few ENFJ males in college. It definitely seems like they have an easier time than me. 

1. Ne/Ni. Ne of the ENFP makes us come off all over the place when we speak and imparts a child-like curiosity to subjects. It's not very "manly' and often gets mistaken for being incompetent. Ni however is very direct and pointed. 

2. Fe/Fi. Fi makes us massive drama queens. We're very likely to go against the flow. Reminds me of those stereotypes about temperamental women that always change their minds. In contrast the negative effects of Fe tend to be jealous. This is less disruptive in my opinion. MBTI was published in 1962 and since then there has been little change or improvement to the theory. Socionics expands on the theory and provides many more new insights on the *same* functions. It's not surprisingly at all people would turn to Socionics to learn more. I seem to be romantically attracted to ESTJs. The definitions don't define reality. Reality creates the definitions. If you are an ENFP under MBTI then you will still be an ENFP under Socionics, unless you were mistyped. However the better definitions and concepts of Socionics means you can understand more. 

I could be mistaken but MBTI doesn't even't separate introverted from extraverted functions. It's just S, N, T, F which is incredibly limiting. There is no Si in MBTI, it's just S, unless I am mistake. Again there is no Si in MBTI so the 4 function model (consisting of 8 possible different functions) used in this sub is already a deviation from MBTI. &gt;I couldn't see myself dating an ESFJ. **Not in my current state, anyway**.

Then you should fix that. I met an ESFJ women a few months ago and I get along really well with her. I have a similar activity pair effect with her like ESTJs except my demonstrative Fe interacts with her dominant Fe (vs. Territory Te with dominant Te  of ESTJ). It's a fun interaction but I don't think it would work romantically over the long-run as it requires using the demonstrative functions. 

&gt;but I'm almost entirely attracted to high Ne users, especially xNTPs.

Whenever I interact with ENTPs it becomes a total Ne-fest to the point of irritating me. I haven't met any ENTPs that are aware of the importance of Si so I end up having to interject Si into the conversation to ground things down. I mean it's still a fun interaction and I'm drawn to ENTPs but it gets really frustrating having so much Ne that the other functions get drawn out. https://www.cpp.com/pdfs/7270.pdf

There is no differentiation between introverted and extroverted functions. Functions are lumped into SN and TF. 

&gt;The introvert’s main interests are in the inner world of concepts and ideas, while the extravert is more involved with the outer world of people and things

To continue from our previous discussion. This is a fundamental misunderstanding of introversion and extroversion.  concepts and ideas are generally associated with intuition while people with feeling and things with thinking. This is not the difference between EI. 

More importantly ALL FUNCTIONS relate to the outside world. Cognitive functions by definition interpret the outside world into a way our human monkey brains can process and manipulate it. 

Her definition of JP is correct

&gt;To use the judging or the perceptive attitude for dealing with the outer world

But introverted functions also deal with the outside world. 

Hence her labeling of JP is incorrect for introverts. 
 &gt; As an ENTP, I disagree with your characterizarion of the ENTP/INTP differences. In your description of the **ENTP you place emphasis on veiwpoints and perspectives**, but I don't find this to be the case. I find that Ne is more concerned with concepts and ideas, more so than perspectives. Combined with Ti, it becomes a mission organize ideas into functioning logical systems.
&gt; Knowing that this is the mission of of both TiNe AND NeTi, the differences begin to manifest in the execution. The **ENTP, with a focus on Ne, are excellent at seeing if and how concepts relate to each other, but might struggle with seeing if or how they fit into a given system**. As such, ENTPS Pefer to explore concepts as a means of creating functioning logical systems. The INTP, with a focus on Ti, is excellent at seeing if and how a concept fits into a given system, but might struggle to see if and hoe it relates to other concepts. As such, INTP prefer to create functioning logical systems as a means to explore ideas.

You are arguing semantics, those two bolded parts are essentially equivalent. Most likely because of Ne, you reinterpreting what I said from a different perspective. I read the original copy of MBTI manual and that Chapter 8 is not there. With regards to Chapter 9 and comparing the specifics of each type...

&gt;One may consider, for instance, the ST people with sensing and thinking, in the first column. The introverts among them (IST) organize facts and principles related to the current situation, which is a particularly appropriate thing to do in economics or law. The extraverts (EST) may be expected to organize the situation itself, including any idle bystanders, and get things rolling, which is particularly appropriate in business and industry. Things roll faster for the extraverts, but in a more considered direction for the introverts. 

Myers looks at E/I in relation to the person as a whole rather than in terms of functions. 

More broadly everything in MBTI is behavioral. First Myers starts with  two ways to perceive and two ways to judge. Then she creates the 4 process pairs ST, SF, NT, NF and describes behavioral characteristics. Then she slaps on EI and JP onto those 4 pairs and again goes into behavioral characteristics. That's it. She never mentions functions, including introverted or extraverted, because everything is defined behaviorally. 

The closest she gets to talking about cognitive function is when she mentions that the auxiliary function is opposite of dominant function to provide balance. But she doesn't explain what that means. It's also worth mentioning that this is a **2 function model** of a person. 

It would be interesting to see what is inside Chapter 8 in the newer versions but there is a high probably it's more behavioral crap and not cognitive function theory. 

As for the outside world, inside world, stuff, your writing is incredibly difficult to understand. 

* Extraverted = Direct
* Introverted = Indirect

That's it. Really simply. No need for external or internal world. No need for subjective or objective. No need for confusion.

An introverted judger prefers an indirect judgement process. In other words they want to model reality (outside world) as well as possible. This would be the explanation for the "inner world" or "subjectivity" but these words cause confusion and don't help explain what is going on. Similarly an introverted perceiver prefers an indirect perception process. In other words they want to add information to a situation (outside world). So all functions, including introverted, deal with making sense of the external world.  

&gt;But a dominant introverted judger is still a perceiver in relation to the outside world

So yes this is true but they are also a judger in relation to the outside world and they prefer that judgement to perception because it's the dominant function. All functions have to do with the outside world. &gt; . Fi values are like 'sacred' to the user, personal, subjective, and revealing them would make one feel rather 'naked'.

This isn't true. When done right, Fi models human nature. So Fi values are those values that contribute to being a "good" person. Off the top of my head my Fi values including perseverance, hard-work, leaderships, responsibilities and duty, etc.  Not dying without a fight, that kind of stuff. Ne by definition cannot see a "concept." Seeing something directly would be Se. (It might be important to mention that people have all 8 functions right now). So Ne gives up the ability to view things directly (one solid point of view) for the ability to view through or around things (many possibly points of view). A good way to visualize Ne vs. Se is the following picture.

http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v676/analogsequence/lowpoly/lara_wire.jpg

Ne would be the wireframe figure while Se would be rendered figured. 

As for the ways Ne manifests depending on the position in the function, check out this link.

http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/information_elements/Ne
Fi isn't just values but a framework that uses values as a building block to model reality, or specifically model human nature. It's just like how Ti works except Ti models the natural world while Fi models human nature. Both functions have the goal of creating a model that allows the user to make decisions or act in the real world. 

So Fi done right isn't just use willy-nilly subjective [personal] values but values that can be used to model all human behavior. Again the purpose of this is to allow the user to make decisions or act in the real world which is why these values have to be "good." If they were bad then they cannot accomplish that task and would need to be purged in order for the modal to more accurately represent reality. 

So Fi in the end converges on the traits that make people "good." 
http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/information_elements/Ne&gt; subjectivity comes into what is interpreted as 'good' and 'bad'

Again, that is missing the point of Fi. Fi when done right, i.e. healthy, accurately models reality. Good values are those that make sense when analyzing the actions of other people and those that help you make decisions that will make you happy. Because we are all humans, we all have the same emotions and feelings on the inside. So Fi ends up converging on the same values. 


&gt;it's not easy to just list my values

Maybe your Fi isn't well-developed enough. Just because you use Fi doesn't mean your Fi is well-developed. Strengthening or maturing the functions requires life experience. I would also add well-developed Fi is fairly rare in modern western society because we don't value concepts such as honor or respect anymore. Actually that is exactly how Fi works. It's how Ti works as well. A good example is making financial investments. Ti would develop a model that determines the best way to invest your money to maximize your profits X years later. Then that model can be universally applicable to other people to help them invest their money. Fi works in the exact same manner except it deals with values and how those help people achieve their goals. 

To illustrate maybe a person wants to be a CEO or a football player. To be a businessman it requires developing communication skills and to be a football player it requires developing athletic skills. So then hard-work is a "good" value under Fi. Fi can use that value to then model behavior of other people that have or lack that value. So Fi says people that don't work hard will most likely not achieve anything in life which is bad. That's how Fi works, it analyzes people through the context of character. 

To reiterate, just because a person is an Fi user doesn't mean they are using Fi properly. Developing functions, any function, requires a lot of effort which most people don't do. I know quite a lot of Fi types that are selfish and far too into themselves. It's quite sad and an unhealthy use of the function. &gt; Fi and Ti are subjective and individualized functions, it is Fe and Te that are objective.

Those words are true but deceptive and mischaracterize the functions. 

Ti and Fi are subjective in the sense that the person develops their own individual model of reality and so their logic is in accordance with themselves. Te and Fe are objective in the sense that the person takes in facts at face value and so their logic is in agreement with an outside authority.  Look up "Model A Socionics" It explains the 8 function model. More like Fe on Command. this is a good explanation 

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6cwxdb/ne_and_distortion_of_reality/&gt;For Ne, the information it registers from a literal object will not be exhaustive or detailed, but be a caricature of it. Iconic qualities are emphasized while nuance is omitted, making it easier to mentally manipulate the object spatially and relationally. Two unrelated objects may be mentally associated or combined when details such as scale, shape or material are omitted; details which might make the association wholly implausible if they were considered. But by being lenient with this information, Ne succeeds in generating many more hypothetical arrangements between things than it ever could do otherwise.
-Cognitive Type, ch.11
The type of Exploration Ne does is one where possibilities are generated based on a leniency toward how information can fit together. What this creates is an array of **unrealistic scenarios** where only the iconic qualities of objects are utilized to fit together **alternate situations or scenarios** --- **perhaps in the direction of novelty, amusement or playfulness**.
This receptiveness toward... nay, this seeking of the **unrealistic** is what gives Ne's hypothetical speculations a child-like quality. The association with childishness arises from how a child, due to an absence of life experience, has yet to learn the precise reasons why certain **things are impractical or implausible**... and as we grow, we gain a more accurate perspective of the causality of the world.
However, as Ne actively seeks these rather acausal interpretations of reality, there is a perpetually youthful element to their eyesight and imagination, despite what the Ne type's actual age may be.

I disagree with the analysis of the bolded words or phrases. It's important to state that cognitive functions can be mature or immature, well-developed or under-developed. What you are describing is an unhealthy Ne type or only looking at the negative aspects of Ne.

A good example of Ne done right is the ENTP Atheist or ENFP Activist. Both types see a problem in the world, that the majority of people believe in religion or don't believe in environmental protection. By using Ne these type are able to see the problem and formulate a course of action, even if that scenario is impractical or implausible. So Ne is just like Ni in that both of these functions are visionary and when Ne is done right it reinvents reality, the alternate reality of Ne become reality.   &gt; In my experience, which I will admit is not very much and came at a fairly young age and with other adolescents/teeangers, ESTP Ti methodology is almost more like Te in how it operates, in a sense; it's guerilla warfare, tactical, 'what works what doesn't', 'no im not doing that its fuckin retarded fuck u'. It's still Ti because it's based on an internal framework, but that framework is much more outwardly focused than the rarified Ti of INTPs and ENTPs. Conversely, INTPs and ENTPs have no problem enhancing their Ti through externally learned methods, paradigms, etc, once that method has been thoroughly vetted, examined, etc, but it does not at all operate like Te. They're not really concerned with usefulness, more correctness. 'Derived from first principles' is something that might often be used to describe an INTP train of thought; ESTPs not so much unless they were actually trying to think that way, ie for a math class.

Socionics explains this with the 8 function model. In the INTP, Te is the ignoring function and Ni the demonstrative function. In the ESTP, Si is the ignoring function and Te is the demonstrative function. Fi works just like Ti by creating a model of reality. A good example is making financial investments. Ti would develop a model that determines the best way to invest your money to maximize your profits X years later. Then that model can be universally applicable to other people to help them invest their money. Fi works in the exact same manner except it deals with values and how those help people achieve their goals.

To illustrate maybe a person wants to be a CEO or a football player. To be a businessman it requires developing communication skills and to be a football player it requires developing athletic skills. So then hard-work is a "good" value under Fi. Fi can use that value to then model behavior of other people that have or lack that value. So Fi says people that don't work hard will most likely not achieve anything in life which is bad. That's how Fi works, it analyzes people through the context of character.weaknesses http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2017/02/how-to-recognize-each-myers-briggs-personality-type-based-on-their-inferior-function/or be organized enough to calculate the output per unit of time. &gt; So yup, it's a wild ride. She feels like I'm not engaging her the way she I imagines it in her mind. I feel like sometimes I want her to have the same experience I'm having but she can't focus to narrowly on something that doesn't allow creative imagination.

That's completely correct.

Ni wants to dig deep into one topic and Se wants to flush out all the details. Ne wants to jump around from topic to topic and Si wants to only talk about the main point. Plus humor style is changed as well. 

This is personally why I would never date someone from opposite perception axis, small talk will requires compromising on both people's parts and in the end it's not as satisfying as talking to someone with the same perception axis. 
I learned a lot from an ENFJ. Before I assumed my functions were the only viewpoint, now I can understand viewpoint of other functions, specifically how annoying the assumptions of Ne can be and how rude Fi can come across. But it doesn't change anything. 

Like you said, you can tell that you aren't engaging her the way you want and she can't engage you the way you want. That can never be fixed even if you understand exactly why. For me that's a deal breaker relationship-wise. &gt;Exactly. Ne will entertain crazy ideas in our own minds. But it's not like we don't have a grasp of reality.

If Se is direct observation of reality then Ne is direct observation of alternate realities. So if an alternative reality turns out to be false then it's crazy but if it turns out to be true then it's a good grasp of reality. 

To illustrate, an ENTP Atheist in the 60s would be considered crazy for not believing in God but it turns out that alternative reality was in fact true so Ne did correctly show reality. I read this question as what annoys me about Ne. 

I was arguing with an INTP a few months ago and what really struck me was how disconnected this person was from reality. I could tell his Ne was batshit crazy and he was making a lot of assumptions about reality rather than sensing reality directly. 

All the functions have pros/cons and the cons of Ne is that it can create delusions. 

&gt;-People who don't care about my ideas and find them unrealistic.

So are you confident that your ideas are visions and not delusions?

&gt;-People who focus on picking sides and playing a competition over people's opinions (Like most political arguments). I don't get why can't we accept that no one's opinion is right or wrong?

This is an example of immature or unhealthy Ne. Jung used the word hysteria to describe extroversion gone wrong. With Ne it's seeing so many different possibilities that the person becomes unable to make decisions.  That is too much extroversion. 
&gt; He strikes me as an ENTP. I can tell he has Fe on command like mature ExTPs do

That's because he is actually an ENFJ, Dom Fe. INFP seems like a reasonable typing. &gt; Thinking will always be more objective than feeling.

That's not true. Thinking and Feelings are both defined as judgement (rational) functions. In other words they are by definition equal. **SHORT ANSWER:                
Ti = DEDUCTIVE THINKING          
 Te = INDUCTIVE THINKING**

Long Answer: 

I see a lot of people using the words objective and subjective and it makes me cringe because I think people are focusing on the words rather than what the words quantify or mean and as a result are incorrectly applying them.

To begin, it's easier if we define the orientations as such:

* Extroversion is preferring breadth, being inclusive and direct.
* Introversion is preferring depth, being exclusive and indirect.

So introverted thinking is a rational (judgement) process that models reality (indirect). It accomplishes this through deductive reasoning. In other words Ti creates a theory and excludes certain premises, which Ti considers outliers. 

To illustrate let's use global warming. We are going to create a model that explains global warming and our variable includes CO2. So the question becomes is that modal accurate? Does it include all variables? Maybe we missed something important like CH4 (methane). So that is the subjectivity of Ti. The person can control the variables they put into the formula. Likewise they can control the data they want the model to account. For instance maybe this year is colder than what the global warming model predicts. Is that a sign our modal is wrong or an outlier? So Ti gone wrong can have the problem of excluding too much information and having a model that doesn't accurately reflect reality.

I'm not saying that is the case for global warming but just using it as an example. Other Ti subjects would be all of mathematics, and stats-regression specifically teaches the problems of deductive logic, financial modeling, bureaucracy, systemic racism / social justice, basically anything found in a college thesis paper. 

To recap. strengths of Ti is a highly detailed model but the weakness is it can not represent reality or be useful. 

Te, on the flip-side, is much more simple. It's inductive reasoning so it takes the premises at face value. The best example of a Te phrase is, "if everyone else jumped off a cliff, would you too?" Because Te is direct, it accepts the premises at face value so if everyone else is doing something then surely it must be right. This can be good or bad. When it's required to account for all inputs, maybe in terms of engineering tolerances or people that need to be led, Te can be very pragmatic and get the job done because the means isn't as important as the result. 

To recap, the strengths of Te is that is that it accounts for reality but at the expense of being simplistic and getting deceived by outliers. 
Talking to people with opposite perception axis generally results in a lack of chemistry. You try your best to communicate but for some reason you can't naturally care about what the other person is saying.  

Ni wants to dig deep into one topic and Se wants to flush out all the details. Ne wants to jump around from topic to topic and Si wants to only talk about the main point. Plus humor style is changed as well.&gt; The usual quarrel is with the Se person getting out of hand or being too reckless.

this applies to Ne as well because this is a problem with Pe. 

&gt;And for the Se the Si being overly cautious and not being open to new stuff like the Se

this applies to Ni as well because this is a problem with Pi. 

&gt;In return of the useful advice, the Se brings out more action in the otherwise cautious Si, who is by default not so keen on trying out new stuff by himself.
 
So this can be said about Ne bringing out more action in Si too. 


More importantly Se is the ignoring function in an Si dom. So your logic about them wanting Se doesn't make sense. They already have great Se, they just don't value it. &gt;Ne is not as reckless as Se 

False. 

&gt;Ni is usually more open to new experiences and not as cautious as Si

False.

&gt;Pi inspires Pe by calming and focusing, while Pe inspires Pi by openness and variety.

True. 

And in order for this statement to be true, the prior statements have to be false because you are combing Si/Ni -&gt; Pi. 

I think you aren't using Ni enough because you are discarding the symmetry of the cognitive functions. I'm pretty close to the point where I'm not going to respond to you anymore.

Ne is just as reckless as Se. Ne is curiosity killed the cat. It's constantly probing and prodding for next idea. Often times getting the user into trouble or bad situations they will have difficulty in resolving. Look at the stereotypical ENTP Joker from Batman, totally insane. 

ENTPs, ESTPs, ENFPs and ESFPs. are all chaotic. Differences between them relate to the individual person (e.g. enneagram) rather than the functions. &gt; When I'm talking about reckless I mean physically reckless stuff. Like Evel Knievel kind. Se is in it's essence more physically impulsive

This is correct.

But the definition of reckless is 
&gt; without thinking or caring about the consequences of an action

Ne is equally reckless because they would start a fight or argument (or attack a person) just as recklessly as Se would want to experience physical sensation. So the motivation is different (Ne vs Se) but the result is the same (Pe). Rational means judgment. It's how you make decisions. So yes an Se user looking at a tree would see a tree. You are only referencing the perception function. 

Thinking can be "objective" Te and feeling can be objective Fe. There is nothing more objective about Te than Fe because they are both defined to be objective and rational functions. This is just arguing semantics. So that person is defining objective as the physical world or science while subjectivity refers to humanity. It's not a proof but a definition. 

I still wouldn't agree with this logic. There is nothing more inherently objective about making a decision based on when the sun rises vs. based on what another person feels. Either way you are assigning value and making a decision based on that value.  


It is baseless theorycrating from Keirsey IIRC.

&gt;The reason this pairing is supposed to work so well is that both types bond very well over their Fe-Ti/Ti-Fe axes. Moreover, both types are just different enough (Ni vs Ne) for each to be attracted to the other's opposite.

If the first part is true, people bond well over the judgement axis, then that same logic should apply to second part, about the perception axis. However in this case we can see the perception axis is swapped so we can logically conclude to this relationship type not being the best.

You can go further and explain this using the 8 function model. In the ENTP, Ni is the ignoring function so they are already good at using Ni but just don't care about it and want to suppress it for Ne. The opposite is true for the INFJ with Ne being suppressed for Ni. 

&gt;The ignoring function is also called the observing, or limiting function. A person has very little use of this element, as it is the rival image of the base function, representing an antithetical approach to the same domain. It lies in the subconscious as a persistent annoyance to the individual. Therefore, he or she tries to ignore it. When lectured by another on the use of the ignoring function, the individual sees it as superfluous information, for he or she knows how to use the function well, but chooses not to use it in favor of his or her more convenient base function. Usually the base function creates byproducts relating to the ignoring function, but the way it describes such information is very carefully chosen to fit the view of the leading function.

&gt;A person limits the expression of this element in public (in favor of the base function), but sometimes uses it extensively in private, and can call upon it when necessary. For example, an SEI usually defaults to his base function and shies from activities that are highly physical or cause conflict, but if inevitable confrontation arises, he is able to use his Se and become fiercely coercive and quarrelsome for short periods of time.

&gt;The extreme avoidance of this function can make it appear weak at times. However, when engaged it does not cause the same kind of psychological stress as a weak function, instead creating a kind of boredom or malaise.

**Best relationship for the ENTP is the ISFJ because the perception axis is the same. Runner-up would be ESFJ.**This is really inaccurate and demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding in how the functions work. &gt; Math is something abstract that "just exists"

One example, this isn't true. 

&gt;Math is "real" in the same sense that language is "real".  When you say the word "tree", there is no actual tree.  The word is simply an abstract concept used to describe something real.  It's the same with math.  Math helps us accurately make sense of reality.﻿
&gt;1+1=2 is an objective truth in the sense of the meaning behind the symbols

but you gave the symbols meaning so it's not objective but subjective. Determine if they are I/E. It sounds bad but the general stereotypes of I being more quiet or reserved is generally true. Even I with well-developed social skills are still more reserved than their E counterparts. e.g. Steve Jobs ISTP vs Mark Cuban ESTP.

Determine if they are a J/P. For instance I'll use ENFP and ESTJ as an example since we share the exact same functions. When I talk to ESTJs we tend to agree on a lot of things however when we analyze situations, I tend to always object to the ESTJ making a hard decision immediately. I want to explore the subject and see multiple sides and I have trouble choosing one-side or I'll often play devil's advocate and this is because of Ne dom. While the ESTJ gut reaction will be ignore a lot of details because that inhibits their ability to act. 

With Si/Ne, a giveaway to tell the difference in function strength is how much the person jumps around in conversation. Ne &gt; Si will jump from topic to topic to topic, while Si &gt; Ni will hone in on one subject and then accidentally break to a different tangent when Ne kicks in. 

Likewise with ENTJ/ESFP. ESFP will often describe a scenario in vivid detail because of Se Dom while ENTJ will use adjectives much less frequently because of Aux Se.

If you want to go even deeper then you can try to pickup on the shadow functions. For instance the ESTJ and ENTJ value Ti a lot and they will often stick too or mention Ti frameworks. Thats very different from the ENFP or ESFP which have a distaste for Ti. just go watch videos of Steve Jobs or Vladimir Putin for very smart ISTPsSo ignorant. Have you built one of the world's largest companies? What's your point? There are tons of computer geniuses out there that never create companies as big as Apple. Any grouping allows comparing and contrasting different characteristics e.g. EPs, NF, all Js, etc. 

Keirsey is very arbitrary. &gt; The reason I don't see them is because they seem arbitrary and incomplete.

That is because your own knowledge is incomplete and based on arbitrary information. Go study socionics for a complete model. 1. Fe working under Ti, in other words Ti &gt; Fe tries to model and quantify Fe feelings. For instance Fe tends to dislike income inequality and poverty so Ti then models that in terms of systems of oppression or institutionalized barriers that prevent social mobility.

2. Your typings doesn't seem accurate. You're brother sounds like a P type (being lazy and not cleaning room) and your mother sounds like a J type (but ISFJ is actually a P type). Regardless, there are two different points of view there. If your brother doesn't care about the mess then from his point of view their is no problem. If your mother cares about the mess then it's a problem. This is a J/P difference. So one person needs to compromise for the other. INFJ&gt; Rant: from my biased perspective, it's not being non-genuine, it's just that these things aren't part of my model, who I am, in the first place. It's extraverted feeling. My internal code comes more through Ti, and I feel much worse about myself for violating a Ti-based principle. That's more where I feel inauthentic and non-genuine. But that's a bit of a tangent.)

It's worth pointing out that the demonstrative function matters quite a bit in terms of a person's overall actions. As an INFJ, you will eventually realize that you are better at using Fi than you are at Ti. When you're in the zone, you will be demonstrating quite a lot of Fi. But unfortunately it's impossible for you to consciously use Fi and if you try, you will end up using Ti instead which unfortunately will have the side-effect of making you stressed out. So you will want to avoid Ti as much as possible for Fi. It's quite the irony.

This is based on my experience using Aux. Fi, Dem. Fe and Ter. Te. I can use Te and consciously I try to use Te but I have more successful when I unconsciously use Fe. 

&gt;So, suppose there's an Fi principle that I'll always go talk to someone who looks upset to try to help them. I might say, "sure, that sounds reasonable, but I've seen tons of times when people just want to be left alone...I don't think that always works. I'd have to be there to know." Then I'll have reasons not to talk to some upset people. Why? Because I'm pretty sure it won't actually help - they'll just get more upset. There's some Ni-Se in there too I suspect, but you get the idea. The problem is, that could be an oversimplification I made of the underlying system based on nitpicked details about the given situation. Maybe I actually should talk to them because in spite of being visibly more upset in the moment (Fe might pick up on this), they're actually helped down the road by knowing that I care enough to ask (Fe might miss this part of the underlying system).

That's a good example. 

&gt;My political views are frequently at odds with the views of most people around me. When these discussions come up, I tend to avoid contradicting the prevailing view. Among close friends who I know won't take it personally or view me any worse for disagreeing, I'll gladly share what I think - pretty forcefully, in fact. But most of the time, what I suspect happens is that I get a "conflict" red flag from Fe. I "know" that conflict is a characteristic and cause of many bad relationships (thanks, Ni), so my instinctual reaction is to avoid conflict and stay quiet. Sometimes, I think that's the right call, but I've come to realize that much of the time I'm missing an underlying truth about how conflict affects a relationship - often positively, to be specific. It just has to be managed properly. My oversimplified model misses the mark, and I'm too busy evaluating (nitpicking) every possible external signal indicating how they'll take my disagreement. In reality, much of the time my disagreement would bring short-term frustration and anger but long-term increased mutual respect, trust, and understanding to the relationship, provided that I handle the conversation properly.

that might be demonstrative Fi. 

&gt;The individual is quite adept at understanding the interactions in personal bonds between two individuals, even in the absence of an obvious external emotional expression; but he is inclined to regard them as of lesser importance, and less interesting, than the broader emotional interactions in the context of a larger group. Moreover, those personal bonds are perceived as situational and dynamic rather than static.



&gt;By contrast, many Fi users I know seem compelled on principle to voice certain of their political views whenever the topic comes up. I suspect it's part of their internal moral model to do so, because they feel so strongly about it (Fi). They seem to understand things I don't about the effect this has on them, the trust and authenticity it brings to many of their relationships, and the opportunities for increased understanding and better solving of the issue that will be missed if they remain silent. At the same time, though, there have been a number of occasions when from the second they opened their mouth, I could tell that everyone in the group would be going home unhappy and more biased in their views than ever - they oversimplified the details of the case, and didn't realize that the situation was outside what their model was meant to deal with (or maybe that's just my bias, and speaking out is exactly what they need to do in spite of the negative practical consequences...beats me).

This is correct. It's really important to point out that the functions by themselves are just the way we prefer to abstract and rationalize with the world. So all the functions need to be developed and calibrated by the user to gain maximum efficiency. Just because a person uses Fi doesn't mean they use it well and the same applies to all functions. https://identityandtype.wordpress.com/2012/06/09/socionics/

&gt;**Blocks**

&gt;The functions are paired in four blocks: the ego block, the super-ego block, the id block, and the super-id block. The ego block contains the 1/leading (MBTI dominant) and 2/creative (auxiliary) functions, the super-ego block contains the 3/role (tertiary) and 4/vulnerable (inferior) functions, the super-id block contains the 5/suggestive (opposing) and 6/mobilizing (critical parent) functions, and the id block contains the 7/observant (deceiving) and 8/demonstrative (devilish) functions.

&gt;The functions within the ego and super-ego blocks are the conscious (or “mental”) functions, and those in the id and super-id blocks are the unconscious (or “vital”) functions. The functions in the ego and id blocks are strong functions, which are used naturally and well, and the functions of the super-ego and super-id blocks are weak functions and are used with difficulty. (In addition, using super-ego functions is stressful.)


http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/functions/Id

&gt;Ignoring: The extreme avoidance of this function can make it appear weak at times. However, when engaged it does not cause the same kind of psychological stress as a weak function, instead creating a kind of boredom or malaise.

&gt; Demonstrative: A person will often have just as sophisticated an understanding of this function as his or her leading function. Unlike the ignoring function it plays a major part in a person's worldview

The explanation for this comes from the dimensional theory of functions. Functions 1 and 8 (dominant and demonstrative) are said to be four dimensional. 

http://en.socionicasys.org/teorija/dlja-novichkov/funkcii/razmernost/chetyrehmernost


&gt;especially as it might relate to developing Ti healthily

To answer your question, when I'm in a situation where Ne-Fi aren't sufficient, like trying to achieve an objective in a clear and concise manner, then my natural instinct is to use Te-Si to accomplish the task. I start acting like a knock-off ESTJ and the reason for this is because Si is 1D and Te is 2D in the ENFP so I don't have great deal of flexibility in the functions; with Si specifically, I am just doing things the way I have seen them done in the past. I can tell that in that state I'm very stressed out so it doesn't feel good and I lack a lot of finesse. However if I can try to maintain a calm state of mind, then I can use Fe and hopefully even Ni to achieve a task. The problem is these (Ni,Fe) functions cannot be used consciously which is why I have to focus on controlling my mood and hoping the functions naturally activate. Over the last year, I've been interacting with an ENFJ and so my Fe has developed quite a bit. It feels very unnatural because both Fi and Te are conscious functions that I can understand and call upon so I want to use them but my results show that using Fe achieves better results. 

I would assume you would realize something similar. That in times of stress you will take upon ISTP traits but it'll feel bad and it won't be a state that you'll be able to maintain long-term. Using Fi will feel completely against everything you stand for at first but with enough time, you'll realize it's a critical component to your personality and very powerful in terms of making decisions. As for Ti, remember its only a 2D function so it is a function that will guide you but it's not a function you will master. The 2 functions that you can master are Ni and Fi. kripp is also an INTJ. Then maybe you are mistyping INTP and INTJ. The best giveaway that Kripp isn't an INTP is he is clearly a Te/Fi user. So many of his videos are about being salty and complaining, it's very Fi. Another example is the way he plays games. Players like Thijis, Oskaka, lifecoach are very slow and calculating because they are using Ti to plan their moves. Kripp, Sjow, Savejz, Asmodai all play much more fast and loose because of Te.  

I would say almost all the HS streamers are Se/Ni users and either Ti/Fe or Te/Fi. Ne/Si users would eventually get bored of playing the same game over and over again and want to move onto new mental stimuli because of Ne. A good example is Forsen who started getting depressed by playing HS over and over again. An INTP would want to move on rather than dig deep into a video game. &gt;Could this ESTJ be less of an extravert, less of a boundary-pusher? I'm begging you! Could this INFJ be less of an introvert, less of a mind-reader? Please...

Yes and Yes. Type is no excuse for bad behavior. People with maturity or experience can recognize their strengths and weaknesses and work around them. He is definitely a J type. In this video to Los Vegas he was obsessing over maintaining a sleeping schedule and tracking the time he went to sleep by the hour. Real quick.

&gt;To make the difference clear between the introverted and the extroverted side of sensing we have to remind ourselves the main differences between I/E: 1. I focuses on the subjective side of the function (the one that’s different from individual to individual) while E focuses on the objective side 2. I focuses on how the subject is affected by the object while E is the other way around 3. How they relate to time. (I=in time, E=present in the moment)

I don't think these axioms are the best for describing the functions and the result is that your definitions are very descriptive rather explanatory of the function. In other words they describe the (typical) result of the functions rather than how they come to those conclusions.

I think a better way to define E/I is Bredth/Depth and this helps explain the axioms, especially number 3. I don't have time to follow-up with an in-depth write-up at this time. To expand on what I said. It's best to think of E/I as breath and depth. 

Applying this to S. Se is sensation focused on breath, on acquiring as much information as possible from the environment (you could call this is the objective nature). The analogy I like to think of is a super high resolution photo. Se sees every little in the environment. It's attracted to these details which is why it has a presence to risk-loving behavior as that is how it acquires all this little bits of new information. They view danger is a new experience to devour. 

In contrast Si is sensation focused on depth, on structuring data as well as possible (you could call this the subjective nature). The analogy I like to make is a movie real. Si focused on the changes between different frames. So this is where the risk-avoiding tendency comes from. Si is scared of the unknown because it's not proven. So they want to plan and prepare to avoid problems rather than take them on directly. 

FYI, the behavioral components of Se and Si are very similar to Ne and Ni respectively. &gt; static/dynamic

&gt;extraversion represents objects while introversion is the relationship between those objects

those are the same. extrovert representing only objects would be static while introversion which represents the links between objects is dynamic. 

&gt;so from your logic Te and Fe would be introverted and Ti/Fi would be extraverted

Judgement is different from Perception. Fe is extroverted in the sense that it's trying to calibrate to the most possible emotions. In that sense you can argue that it falls into the category of static as it simply takes other people's emotions at face value. In contrast Fi models feelings and uses that model to make decisions. So this would fit with the idea that it's dynamic. Same logic applies to Te and Ti. How do you define static and dynamic? Isn't that in agreement with what I said?

Se is static while Si is dynamic. 
dat Ne, will debate with anyone on anything. Compare Donald Trump (ESFP) to Alex Jones (ENFP). Trump is very down to earth in that he just talks about the most obvious things: there are illegals in America, ISIS is doing bad stuff, Economy is not good, etc. In contrast Alex Jones sees the most abstract theories: NWO illuminati globalist conspiracy, FEMA death camps. Se sees the world for what it is while Ne sees the world for what it could be. Se types have difficulty reading between the lines while Ne types have difficulty reading too much between the lines.

Same contrast can be made between Ted Cruz (ESTP) and Van Jones (ENTP) Different Ennegram types bring out different aspects of the Quadra. 

I'm an ENFP 7w8 sp/sx and low-quality humans would say I'm a slave driver with a heart made of stone. I'm more "ESTJ" than most ESTJs at this point. I respect Betas for understanding their is a social order and testing people to see if they are worthy of respect. But at the same time they are quiet annoying and really vain and petty. 1. His divorce papers are trying to spin him into a sane person/ He isn't faking the part.
2. He talks like an ENFP. Ne is all the conspiracy theories and reading between the lines. Dead giveaway that it's Ne is the quantity of conspiracy theories and the lack of detail to support him. In contrast an Ni focuses in on 1 conspiracy theory and flushes it out in detail.
3. He relates all his Ne to good or evil, god or satan, and humanity etc. He is Ne backed by Fi.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUIcCyPOA30Deltas also test people. When I was low self-esteem I didn't test people but as I've gotten more confident, I notice that I do test people greatly, like the guide says. It's taken me a while to admit that I like a hierarchies and I like systems of authority because I view that as a more efficient framework (Te/Si) and because I believe people who have proven themselves deserve respect (Ne/Fi).ha. down for that. but just so you know, I fight to win and if you got an weakness in your heart then I'll run you over. &gt; Dominate Ne is known for producing optimistic possibilities

&gt;pessimistic views of the future are an indication that Ne is lower in the stack

Not necessarily. Ne produces **all** possibilities. Brave New World of 1984 are good examples of Dystopian Ne, just like Alex Jones.

&gt;extremely unhealthy enfp

Sounds like Alex Jones. He has massive "trust issues" hence all the anti-govt rhetoric. 

&gt;could easily be Fe

Go listen to Van Jones (ENTP). There is a big difference in the way Ter. Fe manifests. Or Barack Obama (ENFJ) or Bill Clinton (ESFJ). Fe comes off warm or inviting. In contrast Alex Jones and Donald Trump don't have that same warmth because demonstrative Fe is merely a channel for communicating Fi. &gt;  Ne conspiracy theories tend to change often.

Yes. Alex Jones has changed a lot in his career. First it was NWO illuminati now it's Globalists. Likewise he was closer to an AnCap or possibly was an AnCap originally and hated the govt Ala Timothy McVeigh. Now he has gone to alt-right or close to it and anti-immigration. 3 points.

1. This is true for all Ji&gt;Je types. Ji by definition models reality and then tries to make reality fit that model. 
2. So you can make the same criticism of the ISTj, your dual for the exact same reason. You can also make the opposite criticism which is that Je wants to make a person align with generally accepted beliefs even if they aren't true
3. A high IQ and mature individual will have a Ji model that does in fact represent reality well and shows insights that would be missed otherwise. I think you are misinterpreting the meaning of subjective because you are missing the key element which is a subjective model is "good" (Fi) or "accurate" (Ti) when it meets certain criteria such as generally accurately represent reality and being useful to make decisions.

 I agree with this. A 1 line summary would only make sense for someone that already understands the function and doesn't need additional information for context.

Also I don't agree with the description of the judgement functions. The 1 word snapshot in () is generally true but the other words aren't a good description. &gt; As far as versatile actors, I've actually found that to be the case for ENFPs, which is not what I would necessarily expect. See Tatiana Maslany, for instance.

I don't know about this. I would think ENFPs would be too stubborn in their ways. We're like a more disorganized and happy-go-lucky version of the ESTJ. Most famous ENFP I can think of would be PewDiePie and I can't see him being versatile. Easy. Done. ENFPNe is innovative. Ni is inventive. Is better phrasing. Technically they are both creative because they create "new" things. This is called Duality in Socionics. ESFJ isn't opposite type of INTP, it's actually the most complementary type. 

Real opposite (conflict) would be ESFP. Did you purposefully add the black male to make the pic diverse?
Hi there (ENFP here),

I actually started laughing out loud when I read this, because I am guilty of switching my accent at least three times a day. I'm born and raised in the South of USA but never developed a super country accent outside of "y'all". However, growing up I was naturally really good at accents and used them a lot while doing theatre. Then, back in 2011 I went backpacking around the world and was introduced to HUNDREDS of different accents. So my accent flip flopping got even worse (especially because I so readily adopt other people's phrases too!). But then in 2012 I moved to Sydney, Australia and lived there for four years and was in a relationship with an Aussie so my accent completely shifted. So much so to the point that it took Aussie's up to 15 minutes talking to me before they realised I was actually American (and I talk A LOT). I definitely never do it on purpose, which is the weird thing. I think I just genuinely try to adopt my accent to whomever I'm speaking to. Almost like a subconscious way of letting them know they can relax/trust me? Who knows. But I had no idea other ENFPs are guilty of doing it too! 1) What is your MBTI type? ENFP

2) What is your gender? Female

3) What type(s) do you admire/respect the most? (Why?) I really admire any type that is well developed (ie can comfortably switch from Thinking to Feeling or Perceiving to Judging). As an ENFP I struggle the most with my Feeling and while I'm definitely getting better with it, I still have a ways to go. Same to be said for my Perceiving trait. I can't make a plan or schedule to save my life.

4) What type(s) do you Love/adore? Fellow NFs are my go to. Mostly because I can talk with them about all the same weird, random, crazy shit that appears in my brain. 

5) What type(s) are the most dateable? Depends on what I think will work best. I was engaged to an ESTJ, but imagining a lifetime of no emotion or passion... it was too much to bear. He was most definitely the logical choice, he loved me fiercely in his own way. But it wasn't the soul mate type stuff I (think) I want. So I guess now I will only date xxFx

6) What type(s) would you be willing/want to marry? Read above.

7) What type(s) make wonderful friends? EVERYONE! I seriously love all people, and my friend group is so diverse it's crazy.

8) What type(s) make you LAUGH? Any INFJ that has opened up to me can always make laugh. They're so quirky like me. And ENTPs can be quite funny too.

9) What type(s) are you uncomfortable around or are hard to be congenial with? I'm most uncomfortable around ISTJs. They're so cold (in my eyes) and even though I remind myself they're seeming indifference is nothing personal... I still take their attitude to heart. And so I choose not to be around them if I can. 

10) What type(s) can you not stand/dislike/respect? My mom is an ESFJ and she drives me CRAZY. She's super emotional but also 100% conservative and loves sticking to traditions... it's just too much for me to handle. And on the flip side my dad is an INTP who's so void of emotions and understanding emotions that I want to scream.  I'm an ENFP and just got promoted from Event Specialist to Production Coordinator at an automotive event management company (fancy talk for professional car detailers). I'm nervous about doing more administrative things (cuz, duh, I'm an ENFP) but I love travel and I love the fact that one week I might be sent out on the field to get my hands dirty, but the next I'm sitting comfy in my office. "circlejerky pretty fast" is the best description I think I've ever heard of what happens when Ne types get together. It's so damn true. We all feed of each other's crazy high energy and it can lead to some pretty crazy, next-level conversations and feelings pretty quickly. From my own personal experience, sometimes fellow Ne encounters leave me nearly breathless with excitement. So I can only imagine how insane it must be to non Nes lolOmg you know what's crazy? The corporate office I work for has 11 people, 4 of which are ESFJs, and two ESTJs (the rest are ISFJ or ISTJs). It's bonkers. There are only 2 intuitives (myself included) and we're both coincidentally the only P's. 
What I've found that helps me though is that after sharing with everyone about MBTI, and getting people to talk about it and understand, I've become almost like a "sage" of sorts. All of the S's now come to me with problems between other people at work and their own personal relationships with partners and children. It's kinda fun that way :)Yeah, I think you may be a little biased lol. But I'm an ENFP as well and I prefer my INFJ friends the majority of the time. Though that's probably due to the fact that I'm a REALLY high F.Good point!ENFP is pretty spot on about the indecisive bit. But I think it's more because I just keep coming up with so many awesome ideas that I can't just pick ONE! And I'd say we're definitely proud of our eccentrics. 

Also, INFJ description of "intense eyes" is 100%. Every INFJ I know has the most intense stare. It's awesome.

Good work!Fuck that's brilliantAs an ENFP, my compatibility towards Introverts has gotten CONSIDERABLY stronger with age (I'm only 26 though). Other mega Extroverts like me now tend to drain me, or don't seem to fulfill me and my want of a deep connection with other people like introverts do. 

I have always naturally gravitated towards other INtuitives like me, but mostly because I think we're such a rare breed to find. I know enough Sensors in my life and they can be really hard for me to handle sometimes.

I also think I've grown more... tolerant of hard Thinkers. I still find some of their lack of placing real value on feelings to be a bit cold and machine-like, but they can't change themselves anymore than I can change me. We can only work together to be aware of our faults and work on fixing them. Not to say that Thinkers have faults, that's not what I'm saying at all. Lord knows I need to use my head over my heart more often. I just feel like (key word, there, "feel") that Thinkers undermine and undervalue Feelers more so than we tend to undermine or undervalue them. 

And I still but-heads with J's on a daily basis, but I've grown to realize that I need them in my life, otherwise I'd be a mess who never got anything done. (And I think they're growing to realize they need me and my spontaneity sometimes too lol).

Hope that helps answer your question!I'm an ENFP.

I've been engaged once (to an ESTJ) but broke it off a year ago because I knew in my heart that he was not the passionate soul-mate I want in life. And for whatever weird ass reason I'm determined to never get divorced (parents are still happily married so don't know where my desire comes from).

The engagement ring I had before was beautiful but WAY too gaudy. The diamond was big and sparkly (again he was a hardcore ESTJ) and just not really anything I ever imagined wearing...

I want a ring more so for the band. A hand-crafted one that isn't mass produced. And that (ideally) had been worn by a bunch of other people. Something really antique. But I don't even know if I want a diamond or a stone at all. Apparently there are cool black diamonds out there? I dunno. I also can't justify spending a lot of money on a ring. I still have to sell my first engagement ring and it's like the price of a car. SO UNNECESSARY. 

I tried to go through the wedding planning process but honestly couldn't stand it. Nothing about the traditional aspects excited me and anytime I suggested doing something VERY nontraditional, my ESFJ mother nearly had a fucking heart attack. 

So that being said, I either want a mega small (I'm talking no more than 10 guests) wedding, an elopement with just me and him, or no wedding at all.OMG but it's SO HARD to watch shit hit the fan and not do anything to stop it when you can so clearly see it coming... AHHHHI think this is a fairly common (if not daily) occurrence for all INtuitives. I used to think I was crazy because I felt like I was the only one seeing things that were SO obvious to me. I'm an ENFP and I couldn't possibly agree more with your description of "their whole writing just looks excited" lol (I would be adding a dozen emojis if I was more tech savvy on here).Hi, I'm an ENFP. 

I'm addicted to ! and random ALL CAPS when I type. Especially when I'm excited about something.

I also sprinkle in tons of ... to break up my rambling sentences, because I don't want to unload an entire stream of my consciousness on anyone else. It's hard enough being inside of my own head lol

*P.s. I also have my degree in Literature so I'm a bit of grammar snob as well.I think it would be very rare for an ENFP to define themselves as a "nihilist" and based off that alone, I'd say you aren't an ENFP. But I don't know anything else about you, nor do I know enough about ENTPs to help.ISTJ would be my guess. But I could also see ISTP.Yeah, the ring thing doesn't bother me as much because there are SO many options these days. But my ex wouldn't even discuss the idea of children or marriage until one day he just... proposed. So he never asked what style I would like or anything like that. He was a very "check the boxes and move on" sort of guy. Thus the reason I felt compelled to end it in the end. 

And omg I think my mom would die. Dad would be stoked (INTP) but she would die. I'm in a pretty serious relationship now with my long term best guy friend (INFJ) and I know he'd be just as happy as me to make it small but super sentimental. He also wouldn't care about legally doing it or not. Just wearing rings and making the promise to one another is good enough for both of us.A world of ENFPs would get absolutely NOTHING done or followed all the way through. However, we'd be the bomb dot com at at least coming up with dozens of crazy, brilliant, random ideas. lol. 

I guess as a whole, a world of ENFPs (or INFPs) would be pretty fun and full of love and caring and understanding. I don't think there'd be anymore awesome scientific and technological break throughs anymore though hahaI agree. A world of INFPs would be pretty calm, but caring and loving. And at least then everyone in the world is a hopeless romantic so y'all wouldn't have the risk of jerks taking advantage of you guys anymore! (Not saying that's happened to you, but it has happened to pretty much every INFP I know personally).Ahhh, THIS IS ME! THIS IS MY LIFE!

I'm equally obsessed with closure. But when I chase it down, 9 times out of 10 the other person I've thought in my head would equally appreciate the closure either 1) doesn't seem to care after hearing me out or 2) doesn't even extend the courtesy of hearing me out in the first place. So as I've gotten older, I've definitely tried to be more okay with not getting closure... but that shit still haunts me. I'm just like you, I can "forget" long enough by finding something else to preoccupy my time. But when I'm alone with my thoughts for too long, or something random in my day triggers it... it's an immediate downward obsession spiral of MUST-GET-CLOSURE. 

Ugh. While I'm sorry you go through the same thing too, I'm also thankful it's not just me!"Squirrel!" I think is the best one word description of nearly all ENFPs. Omg YESSSSS. hahaha. And now the more I learn about other personality types (especially the more common ones) the more I realize I might have been coming across as a crazy person to more than one person over the last few years. UGH. At least it's good to know I'm not alone!Oh man, an ISTJ man with an ENFP woman? If they're both not very aware of those differences and willing to be patient with each other about it, I'm sure that would have been crazy difficult growing up around. :/ Why do you say it's "bizarre" being around them? I'm curious...ISFJs are sticklers for routine and "doing things the way they've always been done". I bet that was beyond aggravating for an INFJ. At least you were able to have a great relationship with your ENFP dad. Was he really emotional?My mom is the most hardcore ESFJ in the history of ever. It's exhausting.Ahhhhhh... yes, okay I can totally see that now. And you're very right about the XNFPs taking everything personally, but I'd argue we still do a little of that even when we are "healthy". It's shitty, I know. Do you still live at home/interact with your family often? 

I'm an ENFP who grew up with an INTP father (literally ZERO fucking emotions) and an ESFJ mother (the most emotional and traditional woman I've still yet to ever meet) so I grew up all sorts of fucked up. But I took a solo trip backpacking around the world as my "figure me out time" that ended up being the last four years. And now living back in the South and interacting with my family again has been tough, but also equally good. They're really open to MBTI and we can have really healthy and open conversations now about all of our VAST differences. Have you tried talking to your family about their different personality types and how it all works?Well maybe one day give it a try again bringing it up with them. Just read out a paragraph from their type description and see if it sparks any interest from them. It literally changed my family dynamic.

And yeah, my sister says she's an INFJ, and I can see it sometimes - but not all the time. And we're not close at all. Definitely envious of people who have really close relationships with their siblings. This is easily the most beautiful thing I've read in a long LONG time. The amount of love and respect and admiration you obviously have for your dad is incredible. One of my favorite aspects of an INFJ is how much they care and pay attention to their family. Also, the amount of insight you've been able to have over the years to see all of those qualities about your father - and your mother - shows a lot about who you are as a person. About the person both of your parents help shape and raise. I'm very impressed and very proud of you. I'm equally sorry to hear that your father isn't with you anymore... but what a legacy to leave behind. It's going to give you the BEST foundations to continue moving forward in your life and in your future relationships with your spouse and children one day. That's special stuff right there.Yes come on over to /r/enfp we'd love to have you :) plus, INFJs are just kinda some of our favourite people in general haha

And those are really good ways to look at your mom's personality. My mother is an ESFJ and her and I butt heads CONSTANTLY. We've definitely gotten better as I got older and as I shared with her the world of MBTI, but still... I actually ended up leaving the country for four years to do my own thing for a while. I love my parents and they love me. They did an incredible job achieving the quintesential American Dream... but I just wish from an emotions stand point, things had been more... stable. My father is an INTP so his emotions hover anywhere between the negatives and maybe like... 10. Meanwhile, my mother (who in hindsight probably is the way she is because my dad has nothing emotional to give) is in like the 100+ range. So as a growing, female ENFP with enough emotional craziness to handle, I didn't really feel safe anywhere. I couldn't relate to my own mother because she was literally all over the place (not to mention crazy rigid with plans and structures and would CONSTANTLY be on my case because I didn't do things HER way) and so I gravitated immensely towards my father who is literally awesome. And he's so inspiring and creative and quick-witted. But he almost raised me like his son in terms of responsibilities (I'm the oldest of two daughters and my little sister is definitely the "princess" of the family). So all I wanted to do was please my dad, but nothing I ever did (or still do) seems to be good enough for him. He can always find one little thing I didn't do right. But to my mom's credit, she's the most supportive-cheer leader ever. She's just SO stuck in her ways. And tradition... my god, she'll cry to me because I don't take family as seriously as she does so OBVIOUSLY I don't care about family at all (totally not true). Anyways, I'm ranting here a lot... but yeah. I get the xSFJ thing. It's very. VERY tough. Especially when people like you and I try to become more understanding and tolerant of them and their ways, yet they don't seem to extend the same courtesy our way.Beautifully written :) 

And a very accurate dialogue/conversation of an Intuitive with an XSFJ lol. They're always there for support, but they definitely don't make the connections back to the root cause or problem like Intuitives can. 

And your dialogue/conversation with your dad... fucking beautiful &lt;3 A perfect little INFJ/ENFP connection right there. I agree with what he would have said in that context 100%.

And it's actually funny, right after reading this I went to the breakroom to have lunch and my dad (I work for him and my mom's companies) joined me and started talking to me about some things he's been noticing with communication with my mom since she's just officially retired and is doing like 1 million different projects at home with all her free time now. Anyways, as per usual my dad (INTP) and I really gel and he loves my perspective/explanations about how different personality types act in different scenarios. We both love my momma bear, even if we have a hard time understanding some of her Sensing and Judging tendencies haha.haha that's the best description. Hellfire would be upon anyone in an instant :)ISTJs because they literally remind me of zombies (soz to all the non-zombie ISTJs out there) and ESTJs because they don't lack as much soul-depth as I yearn for out of people I meet. I personally love being an ENFP... the only thing I wish I could change is that I didn't feel so damn much. I feel ALL of the feels all of the time and it's fucking exhausting on one hand, but on the other hand I know it's super special because not everyone else views and feels life the way ENFPs do. That sounds like an unhealthy and underdeveloped ENFP thing to do, yes. I admit to doing that often growing up. But that's because I was mostly struggling with my E. I want to be with people, but I want to be alone at the same time so I like keeping people close, but not let them get TOO close because I still need MY space...
But if an ENFP is aware of these tendencies (as I became aware of them) we are just as likely to work on them.

I also used to be afraid to say No to anyone who wanted to hang out (because I'm always so focused on not hurting other peoples' feelings), even if I didn't really want to. So the older I've got, the better I am at saying no. And that's actually decreased those situations dramatically.

Hope that helps. Not all ENFPs are "place holders" and super "self-centered" :)Sadly, I've never been mistyped. Nor has anyone ever thought I was a different type than an ENFP. I'm about as stereotypical ENFP as anyone can get, I think. 

That being said though, I went through a very dark bout of depression last year and I actually became almost borderline ISTJ during it. It was like everything that made me ME just faded away. Like I folded in on myself. That was pretty weird. But luckily, I'm back. And working on all my unhealthy ENFP tendencies so that I can become a little less stereotypical lolHi, ENFP here! 

The test gave me a result of SLUAN but after reading SLUAI I think I'm definitely more that one. What's the main difference between the two? I've never played around with the Big 5 before so a little confused...Bleh... first time I've ever done this on reddit. Did it take anyone else way too long to decide on what type of picture to post? (Or is that just an ENFP thing?)

[ENFP 7w2][Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/YCiUJVI.jpg).Ahh that helped so much, thank you!!! :)It's true. I don't think ESFJs realize how they sound sometimes. My mother is an ESFJ (I'm an ENFP) and life growing up with her was kind of hell. Mostly because whenever she'd ask me to do something, and I'd do it, I'd still get lectured because I didn't do it exactly how she would have done it... like, WHAAAAA??? 

MBTI has helped exponentially with our relationship, and it's helped me really try to see life from their eyes instead of just getting immediately aggressive at their adherence to tradition and doing things by the book. I just wish she'd do the same for me sometimes. Me, my dad (INTP) and my sister (INFJ) can tell my mom until we're blue in the face that we just don't view the world the same way she does and she'll still refuse to acknowledge it. *sigh*. 

On the other hand though, I do know a lot of other ESFJs (males and females) and my favourite thing about all of them is just how much they really do CARE about others. It's lovely. I just wish they wouldn't be so wrapped up in "their way" about things all the time. As a fellow P... I totally hear you on the ESFJ high standard of tidiness and cleanliness. I swear I spent my whole life trying to explain to her that I actually have order to my seemingly "chaos", but if it wasn't her way of doing things, she simply refused to listen.

And whoa, that sounds super intense with your dad... I only have one ENTJ friend and we have a great friendship, but now that you pointed out all of those things... I could see a lot of that being a definite possibility. I always would have just assumed both of you  being NTs would have made y'all more compatible (like I am with my fellow NFs).

I'm also 27 but had to move back in with my parents for about 9 months after I moved back from Australia last year. That was difficult. Compounded by the fact that I also now work for them haha. My dad (a fellow INTP as yourself) is awesome to work with and discuss big future thinking ideas and plans with... but his emotions have always been lacking (at least from the stand point of a very high F daughter). And so a big part of me thinks that maybe my ESFJ mother is even MORE so the way she is because of the lack of F and J from my father... who knows. Do you think your parents play off each other that same way?

And one of my favourite coworkers is a male ESFJ. He's really fun and genuine, but sometimes I feel like he bends over a little too much for people (again that whole ESFJ desire to make sure everyone is happy and emotionally on the same level). But apparently his wife calls him a closet asshole all the time at home. So I guess he lets it all out when he feels safe with someone lol. Here's mine! 26/ENFP/F and this is my first place I've ever lived 100% alone (no rommates, no parents, no SO). It's my sanctuary.

Living room: [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/YX9RYdc.jpg)
Bedroom: [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/cc5UWxA.jpg)
Desk space: [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/gvorQL1.jpg)As an ENFJ, where do you spend a majority of your time?&gt; When it’s dominant, everything in life is like a locked room that must be opened. Objects and facts have an exaggerated value if they seem to offer a solution, a way out, but as soon as they fulfil their promise of novelty, they're dropped and forgotten.

You just wrote the best description I've ever read of what it's like to be in my mind. I'm in shock right now... YES!Aww thank you :) I've put a lot of effort into nesting lately lol. Perks of being a female I guess? Bleh.Thank you :)ENFP female

1.Words of affirmation.
2. Receiving gifts.I'm an ENFP. So I have an Fi function and I'm a 95% vegetarian. I'm vegetarian mostly because I've discovered that my body doesn't digest the ridiculous amount of meat Western cultures eat very well. I'll eat fish from time to time, and I love eggs, but that's it. 

I also think it's a bit messed up for me to eat meat when I could never actually kill the animal myself. I dislike the hypocrisy of it. 

Those are my reasons.8 whole seconds feels like eternity in those situations too lolMY LIFE.Agreed! lol"Our morality is determined by logic."

You nailed a lot of this on the head. Well done! 

Even though Fi is my Auxiliary, I notice more and more how often I use it to determine how I interact with people, the choices I make, and even base major and minor life decisions on it.
ENFP...  Iridescent 100% I totally relate. I'll run through the WEIRDEST "fantasies" of like every possible scenario in my head. A plane crash and how I'd react during the fiery seconds down to the ground. If a burglar came in, the many different ways I'd react to that. What would happen if I was stuck in a city and it went into lock down all of a sudden. Or if I'm in a big crowd I think of all the ways I'd react to like a mass shooter or something... I know all of those scenarios sound a bit morbid, lol. But I do think about AWESOME and nice and fun and romantic scenarios too. I'm just trying to relate to your "brutal" here. :)As an ENFP, I can attest to the fact that I used to be guilty of this same problem myself when I was younger. An ex boyfriend pointed it out during a nasty argument and it destroyed me... especially when I realized how much I was doing it. I honestly didn't even see it until someone pointed it out to me. So have you tried pointing it out to him?

The only thing I can say that may help this situation, is that your ENFP friend is probably mentioning all of the "I" and "me" as ways of participating in the conversation at hand. We fucking HATE when we feel like we have nothing to contribute or add to a conversation (because conversations just dying off into awkward silence is a big fear of ours) so we do and say whatever we can to keep that momentum going. Which is why I used to make situations about ME so much. That was the only way I felt like I could contribute. Now that I'm older and more self-aware (and willing to work on those flaws of mine) I try to interject my contribution to conversations by asking open-ended questions rather than closed statements. Does that make sense? 

Now, your friend could very well be speaking the way he does from a self-inflated ego. But ENFPs generally always try to come from a good place. A place inclusive of others around us. The less-developed ENFPs just aren't sure how to go about doing that in a healthy way.

Hope that input helps!Fe or Fi?"good for self-disclosure at incredible speeds, bad for everything else."

So much truth in this. I die. 
Hmmm... well I guess my first comment was agreeing with the main posts comment on what I thought was him saying Fi is our morality determined my logic. As an ENFP, my auxiliary function is Fi. 

I'm not at all well versed in Fe other than basic applications. 

But yes, I'd agree that my Fi is most definitely a self validation method as well. But it's determined through "my" interpretation of "logic". If that makes sense lolThis is my life. And what I've found is I'm actually worse with my words (ie forgetting normal words, or literally talking over myself) when I'm super excited and passionate about something. 

It's when I'm serious and in an argument/discussion that I can calmly formulate my words (albeit I'm still probably not being as straight-to-the-point as I should be). I wonder if that's my other functions (perhaps Te?) coming into play...?Female ENFP here!

Upon first meeting/spark? Usually ENTP or ENFP. However, the sustained attraction doesn't last long enough to keep my interest. I click super quickly with them and have a lot of fun and laughs, but it fades just as quickly as it comes (though I definitely enjoy my witty chats with ENTP).

Long term attraction/interest? INFJ. Give me brooding and mysterious all. damn. day.I love hearing an ESFJ saying these things... you're awesome!

P.s my mom is an ESFJ and my dad is an INTP so this is extra cute.I'm glad to hear it's a mutual first spark interest... but not so much long term. Y'all are a fucking blast, but our energies aren't meant to stay that high and sustained for a long period of time, I think. I bet there are exceptions to the rule out there though. And yeah, INFPs are great. They've got sparks of our ENFP madness without the burnout - perfect way to phrase it :)I totally get it! I dated a fellow ENFP and the first 3 months were like "HOLY SHIT HOW IS THIS REAL LIFE?"... and then reality hit. And the fallout was borderline nuclear. I don't need another me in my life. Thus my love for the INXX... especially INFJ &lt;3Really? This has me so curious... why an ISTJ?ENTJs are pretty damn awesome/admirable too!Girl, preach!Wait. So then why didn't you include all of that in your first comment? lolFirstly, kudos to your very direct summary of you as a person. Very impressive to be able to speak that way about your good and your bad traits. (INTJs always impress me in their ability to be so to-the-point when they have something to say).

Secondly, /u/west0rn meet /u/relativezen 
I think you two would have some kick ass INTJ, fuck the world and everyone in it sort of conversations together :)ENFP and Bachelors of English Literature with a concentration in Creative Writing.INFP or ISFP. I don't think he's an INFJ.&gt; ENFPs: Some of the most annoying people I've ever met. No, I don't need to just love people. Stop talking about your energy crystals and no one cares what your astrological sign is. And no, you're not a star child either.

I can't... literally dying with laughter right now. So me.Flower-child would have probably been a better descriptor for what he was going for instead of star child I think. &lt;3Thank you for being an honest ENFP on here. I love people and I love love and I love smiling and I love making others happy... but I'm also a realist. I appreciate raw and sincere emotions. And I am working every day on not plastering on my ENFP smile all the time, but instead working on being true and honest to me :) Depression and all other issues included in that. Stay strong xxI wouldn't say this is a type thing as much as an individual thing. I am an ENFP female who feels EVERYTHING. But my father is an emotionless INTP and my mother is an overly-emotional ESFJ... so basically I learned at a very early age that emotions are dangerous and unstable. So I literally taught myself not to feel emotions. I can cry, but it's like a couple of tears before a cold wall of ice shuts that shit down. I've been working on trying to actually let myself cry more often, but it's few and far in between. 

As an ENFP literally everything makes me WANT to cry, however. Really resonating lyrics in music tends to do it the most for me. I avoid movies that have the chance of making me cry. lol.
Don't know if anyone's still here, but here goes. Also, not gonna rate them out of 10 because I don't think people's personalities should be rated out of 10.   
**ISTJ** - Spunky, not afraid to express their opinions. Does not give high regard to how other people feel. Ruthlessly efficient. We will do things this way, and that's that. I admire them because oftentimes they're honest, and I appreciate that more than anything. What I don't like about them is how single-minded they can be, and how much they don't give a fuck about what they do that might affect how others feel or how they operate.   
**ESTJ** - Domineering, shortsighted. Lack critical thinking skills at times, choosing to venerate what's always been done instead of what should be done. Gotta admire the fact that you stick to your guns though. Tough individuals.   
**ISFJ** - Mind-bogglingly selfless. Take care of yourselves, why don't you? It's okay to put yourself first, actually, probably necessary. Stop letting people take advantage of that amazingly selfless nature.   
**ESFJ** - I don't know how y'all can party, work, and still be an amazing friend at the end of the day. You pour so much of yourselves into the tangible outside, the others. There is always an aura of, "No Worries I'm Okay" with y'all. I always wonder when the wall will falter, and yet wonder if it's even a wall at all and if that is actually the real you.   
**ISTP** - Mysterious as hell. What are you guys? What lies underneath? How do you live one moment to the next? What exactly goes through your heads? I would really love to know.   
**ESTP** - Most versatile problem solvers I know. In my opinion, the greatest survivalist out of all the MBTI types. Savors the world for what it is, not what it could be. Because of this stark acceptance, the world is yours to play with.   
**ISFP** - Incredibly talented at being in tune with the world around them, and turning that into something beautiful. Queens and kings of chill, but also of intense emotion.   
**ESFP** - Intense, intense people. The physical embodiment of fire contained in the flesh. There's not a moment of boredom, nor a moment of doubt. Do, do, do, and with people you do. Very quick to judge people, but even quicker is their skill to pull them into their shenanigans. Wild ride.   
**INTJ** - Brilliant, yet sterile. You know what you want, and in your pursuit to chase it, you forget other things in the way. Of course, this is entirely from an outside perspective. I'd imagine from an inner perspective whatever it is you're in tune with is all that matters. And I can respect that, especially the finesse and precision that you employ to get what you want. Truly a spectacle to observe.   
**ENTJ** - Curt, unapologetic. Brilliant also. There's no delay between your goals and your actions. If it doesn't serve to somehow achieve your goals, it is unnecessary. And who can hate such pragmatism? A lot of people, especially the ones who won't be benefitted by your desires. Who cares though? You're on your way to what you want. And this is the way to get there.   
**INTP** - Interesting, magical people. Too ethereal to be touched by mere mortal words. You can get lost in your mind, and other people are just parts of the puzzle that is your brain instead of being actual people. But who needs people when other things are just that more interesting? Can't blame you there. Y'all are just so fascinating to talk to.   
**ENTP** - Chaos wrapped up in human form, barely bound. You bounce from one thing to another with barely any regrets, and certainly no reservations. What is the next puzzle? What is the next project? What is the next thing? You need more, all the time, always. You need to know. Constantly.   
**INFP** - There is boundless wonder with how you perceive the world. You feel things too much, too deeply, and yet you can't help but to get lost in all of it. It's almost an addiction. You hang on to something, but it drifts away as soon as you realize that that's not what it really is. And onto the next idealization you drift.   
**ENFP** - Falling in love with people, over and over. Falling in love with ideas, over and over. The constant need to go from one, to another, and to another, to absorb, to process, to move on. Rise and repeat. All of this to feed the constant firestorm that keeps igniting in your brain.   
**INFJ** - Truly an enigma. There are mazes to traverse, traps to avoid, and rest stops along the way. But you can never get complacent with an INFJ. They can sense different emotions to an nth degree, and one change, or one hint of you trying to be disingenuous with them, and you're done. Amazing healers they can be, but as kind as they are, they also have high moral standards and can be incredibly judgmental because of it.   
**ENFJ** - Deliberate, calculating, yet warm. If lava took on human form, it would be an ENFJ. They can provide a stable foundation for you as much as destroy you, slowly consuming you, in a way that would perfectly fall into their hands. But it's all for the greater good. It is what must be done. Right? Of course.
   
I usually try to be more objective with stuff like this, but I decided this time I should just see what my inner voice wanted to say.Thank you. That is very kind. I have indeed always wanted to write, though a biography was not what I had in mind. Interesting. And no worries about not commenting on my type!Did you have any other candidates? What made you specifically choose this one?I feel more like an ENFP tbh. But solid detective work, and I question my dominant/auxiliary functions a lot, so I might as well be an INFP.Interesting, thanks.ENFP

I love electronic, metal, and rap. I listen to such a variety of different electronic genres and artists that it'd be futile to try to name any. I do gravitate towards chill/groovy music though, when it comes to electronic or EDM.

I listen to metal when I'm angry or when I need to get stuff done. The harder the better. I love thrash, but honestly I am very open minded on whatever type of metal. And on top of that, I love rock music. Turn on any 90's or 00's band and that was my childhood right there. My favorite band, if I had to choose though, would be Alice in Chains.

And finally, I love rap because when I get tired of these last two genres, usually it keeps things fresh. I love mainstream, old school, and definitely with some R&amp;B mixed in, cause that correlates a lot with my love for chill music.

A bonus: I love traditional music. Blues, Irish folk music, Mongolian throat singing - you name it. I basically love music in general and I am always eager to get my ears on a new audio experience.•I'm incredibly unorganized, can't ever finish any projects. I get distracted way too easily man.
•My interest with people is usually very intense at first, but it fades just as quickly as it appears. Not to say I'm incapable of long term relationships, I've had a few of those. Except I'm not sure when to let go because I'm never sure whether it's me who's the problem, with my strange nature of being really tolerant but also really unforgiving, or if the other person is actually bad for me. I actually just got out of a relationship where this was my exact problem.
•I get really emotional when I know people have slighted me, or if I'm just incredibly stressed out. I usually try to isolate myself before people notice, but at times the waterworks just erupts. In public. Like I said, I try to go somewhere more private but me being in college, having to study 24/7, usually with other people, the stress has a way of creeping up.
•I unconsciously try to please people way too much, because I know it works. I often have to assert my own identity somewhere down the line. I'm a lot better at that than I used to be, and I feel better that people know I'm me and not just a chameleon who likes to please.I very much enjoyed reading your mini-essay lol. It's always nice to see a civil discussion on the interwebs - acknowledging our differences maturely and then moving on with our lives. Not to mention this entire discussion was just a very interesting read overall.I remember I used to want to do that. Explain every reason for my thoughts, make sure people knew exactly what I meant. Then I realized most people already could fill in the blanks and that they hated it when I tried to elaborate too much. That's been my experience at least. So that's what I do on my side, as a person. Does that relate to me as an ENFP? I don't know. I just know that it's more practical, at least when I'm speaking. When I'm writing though, while I don't like elaborating everything, I do love making sure I hit every point I want to hit and that the narrative gets through.

As for the whole ESTP spiel, I agree with everything you say. Although I've been lucky to not be frustrated by one. I don't mind that their thought process is quick. It has its place. I actually love debating with them as long as they still respect me by the end of the day. I don't get frustrated by how they do things. Perhaps it's because I've truly never butted heads with one before. Though like I said, I agree with all the points you've hit. It's great constructive criticism from your perspective, although for me personally, I don't mind that that's how they go about things.

And haha thanks! I'm surprised you noticed my username. I feel like most people just assume it's an edgy Chinese name.That sounds like a terrible time. Which extroverts are you around?   
And INTPs are awesome. One of my best friends is an INTP, and he's a joy to talk to. We never run out of ideas, or jokes, or documentaries to watch.I do love dancing in public, especially drunk. Drunken dancing is a fun way to let feelings out.Okay I've been baited. How come?Interesting, thanks for the comment. A lot of stuff I can learn from this. Very true that to outsiders it may seem like we have no direction and that our time isn't used very productively. But that's the freedom of being human right? Not trying to negate anything you're saying. If anything, I relate to a lot of this. At the same time though, I'm in an engineering major, spend 24/7 of my time studying, and I absolutely fucking hate it. I hate it. I know when I go out there in the real world I'm going to get paid well, and be seen as a productive member of society, and do things that are valued objectively by many people. But I think that's the main difference between "T" and "F". I'm simply more productive when what I'm doing relates to people, because I'm much more fine-tuned to feelings. If I were more passionate in math, logic, and extraverted thinking, I'm sure I'd thrive in engineering, and in more "T" oriented fields. But that's just not the way I was built. So I guess this is me trying to provide a perspective from the Fi side of things. I know personally, I can't judge people for what they do and what they spend their time doing unless it directly hurts other people. People find their passions in different things. And I can't judge them for how they want to spend their life.   
Granted, the examples you provided do seem like very unhealthy examples of ENFPs. I hope you run into one someday who can better exemplify our type.I think you worded things better than I did. I also hate the unicorns and fairies stereotypes. Just because we want things to be better, and we have high expectations of those things, doesn't mean we're vagrant dreamers. We do a lot of good by the individual lives we change. Everybody has something they want to get up for every day, and that's how I want to impact the world.Of course an INFJ would start this thread   
Kidding, kidding. This is very much appreciated (: Although honestly  sometimes a little criticism is what we all need. Perspective from someone else to help us improve ourselves, you know? As long as it doesn't degenerate to random mud slinging.
Oh yea believe it or not you probably have it.

You say you're friendly to strangers and acquaintances but that's EXACTLY what keeps you a cool badass.

I want to get to know an ISTP friend better but I have no idea how to approach him because he's too damn chill all the time haha.

It's like he has no emotion on the surface, I have almost never seen him angry or sad. The best I could get out of him was a faint smile.

I let him be though, in fear of chasing away what little connection I have with him &lt;3I wish I was an ENFJ. I'd get to keep my idealistic visions and actually carry them out as well.

Also, charisma overload! They probably come off as less annoying than me (ENFP) haha.mmmhmm sweet sweet INTP analysisI try not to care about my type but so much of it is true, as much as I want to deny it.

Sometimes I'll go on a tangent about an issue only to realize that I'm just too caught up in my own thoughts with not much to back it up with. It's like throwing everything against the wall hoping something will stick.

And really, even though I have great potential for art (I'm particularly good at interpreting and making connections), I feel like I can never get started or finish a project.

I know it's hard to understand but It's undeniably true (at least for me) :/[deleted][deleted][deleted][deleted][deleted][deleted]Sorry for such a downer question... I was about to post this in /r/ENFP but I thought I'd get a wider variety of responses here.

Maybe it's one of my mood swigns, I just don't see any good in the Ne-Fi functions stack. We're neither empirical enough (Ne with no T basis) to excel in STEM fields nor are we considerate enough (bullshit Fi) to give off that altruistic vibe. We're outclassed by xSxP when it comes to the arts (we tend to be out of touch with reality).

We're just masters of interpretation, based on some intangible set of values. How great is that (/s)? What the hell am I supposed to do, make a living off acting and curating abstract modern art?

I want to make a dent in the world but extroverted judging (Fe or Te) doms are far superior for that.

^^^I ^^^want ^^^to ^^^scream ^^^I ^^^don't ^^^know
I don't want a handler. Thanks but no thanks.1) What would your super power be?
Telekinesis fuled by absorption of others powers or vitality. 

2) Would you have a super-name?
The Succubus. 

3) Rate yourself on a scale of 1-10 on how Heroic or Villainous you would be (1 being Heroic, 5 being Neutral, 10 being Villainous).
5

4) Rate yourself on a scale of 1-10 on how Selfless or Selfish you would be (1 being Selfless, 5 being Neutral, 10 being Selfish).
5

5) Rate yourself on a scale of 1-10 on how Private you would be about your powers (1 meaning you would let anyone/everyone know, 5 meaning some people know, 10 meaning no one knows).
10

6) Would you have a secret identity or costume?
Maybe.


ENFPFrom what she's shown she seems to be caring, optimistic (by believing her psycho 'papa'), morally correct in a twisted way (innocent I guess), she's sensitive, wants to be good (not killing that cat) and loved (dreaming about living with Mike).She's also pretty shy (until she's hungry). Probably INFP.But I think she might be a judger. She doesn't seem erratic like a perceiver. So maybe INFJ?El is definitely intuitive, she knows when she's being lied to. She also seems to wear her heart on her sleeve by her reactions and expressions.

Williams mother is definitely a feeler. She's also pretty down to earth and playful with her kids. She also strikes me as an extrovert, she doesn't give a care about appearing like a lunitic in public. She has intuition cause she was able to know deep inside that her son was alive. She was also able to catch on quick and act fast with the Christmas lights, words, and figuring out what Will was trying to communicate.

*something else on the mom, she really respects individuality by being genuinely interested in what her boys are doing. She even freaks out at the dad for trying to decide what college Jonathan should go to when she knows very well that he wants to go to NYU.Will is definitely strikes me as nobel, honest (with rolling a 7), admires his brother who advises him to go against the grain, clever/sly, playful and imaginative. We didn't see much of him though. Although he's dishonest in the end he is doing to to maintain the status qou for his family, like a white lie. 

Extrovert, maybe sensing (good observer), feeling (knows the upside down is cold, lonely and not home), and perhaps perceiving. Not so sure.I agree. I respect her form of rearing her children. She's very loving and open minded. Very ENFP of her.Definitely. She's a feeler, a bit extroverted (trying to go along with a house party), definitely a judger  (strikes me as a nerd), not sure if she would be intuitive. It takes her a long time to figure out what happened to Deb until she observed her photo.Oh and to add to this I love that there's no sex or nudity (except for a bra scene and implied sex scene) but that's it, not every episode like all other shows now a days -_-He's definitely an extrovert, probably sensing since he didn't really strike ne as intuitive because he relied on observation to assume Nancy and Jonathan were a thing, he is a feeler (goes by emotion, he's either angry and upset, breaks camera, or guilty and sad, cleans up spary paint), I think he's a perceiver. A judger would be less likely to change their ways that quickly. He turned around quite quickly when he knew he was in the wrong, and didn't really think twice about running back in Wills house after being scared shitless and bashing in the monster with a bat.I thought he was a sweetie. He's also pretty Nobel, decides not to take sides when his friends fight, he tries to rely on humor. 

Idk, like ESTP maybe? Not so sure, didn't really study him.I was going to say quixotic hahaESTJ like my dad..... &gt;.&gt; we don't get along. I don't particularly think of clouds or unicorns, that's a stereotype. I am more concerned about the future, justice, and the endless stupidity of people who choose to follow blindly.  I am also studying, I know I won't get rich, but as soon as I have made enough I am taking a step away from society. You see ENFPs are very idealistic, which is why most are artists, but our ideas do not come in the form of pink fluff and glitter, more so we dream of a just land where people do the right thing but we know better. We understand how evil man can be, so we retreat into our fantasies so we won't go mad with disappointment. I rarely think of unicorns, but I always think of a better future. I have 0 motivation to contribute to this b.s. called society, I rather die happy.We aren't who we are to be cool. It's just our luck of the draw. Just wanted to address some of the stereotypes you mentioned.

** and just cause some of us do not want to contribute to the general society does not mean we don't want to contribute to our community. He strikes me as an ESTJ or ENTP. I rather not ask, that's a little awkward Ahahaha. He would probably just walk away.That's not my major, but I definitely want to do a doctor's in anthropology. That's not my INFP boyfriend's major but those ARE definitely his interests. I would honestly pass. My dad is ESTJ. We ram horns a lot. We have similar ideals but different opinions on how to get there.Sound just like my father (ESTJ).I, an ENFP, am just as giving and thoughtful as my INFP bf. Yes there's time where I won't budge and I turn into a sea cucumber, but then he also does the same! So I don't feel bad about it. We both enjoy each other's company, and being alone with the company of our friends. I trust him and he trusts me, there's no reason to not trust. Yes I enjoy doing stuff like dance socials or hanging out with large groups of people, but I am also very willing to just stay home and veg-out with him. Just as he's willing to push himself to go to social events with me. Yes he's a bit more emotional, needy even, but I really appreciate that he talks to me and stands his ground.Oh Jesus.... this is both hilarious and embarrassing. 

ENFP here.

So once upon a time I was dating a friend who happened to be in a shitty garage punk band (think flea market version of Greenday). He happened to like a band called Social Distortion, which I frankly don't care about, who happened to have a concert in our town. He was always going to concerts, he invited me to this one, and like the gf of a 'punk rocker' (equivalent to the mediocre version of Bowling for Soup) I felt it was my duty to explore music with him. Now, I have no clue what type of demons I swallowed that day cause my stomach was brewing some kind of evil. I couldn't back out though cause he already had the tickets. So the show starts and we're just rockin' out [gnarly] and jumping to the super loud music when the urge to pass gas hits me like a donkey kick to gnads. I just think "ok maybe if I just let 'er rip fast it will go away fast."

Le incorrecto. I farted, probably loud but you couldn't tell over the music, and damn it was the worst smell in the world. I instantly felt bad for the bros behind us. I played dumb and let him make the first reaction. I figured people would probably assume he ripped ass cause he was next to me and was a dude. He turns to me with the look of pure horror and goes "EWWWWHHHH I THINK THAT CHICK FARTED." He points to a hefty sized woman standing in front of us. I go "EWWWWWWW I think so too *look of disgust*" He expresses how disgusting she is and suggests we move. I follow along leaving a trail of toots. He then tells me "I can still smell it, it probably stuck to our clothes." I played dumb that whole night and even joked about it with him. He never found out. I got away with one of the nastiest farts I've ever ripped in public.ENFP

Like on the daily? Rarely. But I started practicing with makeup around 15.

Depends on the occasion and my mood.

Takes me like 20 mins

Favorite is my eyes. 

Least favorite is foundation. 


Purple lip color, or dark red.


Eyeshadow would be gold or plum.


I contour. 


Winged.It has its ups, like stability. But he freaks out whenever he's opposed or a rule is broken. He also likes to judge others like my 5 year old half sister, which I as an ENFP think is unfair. We clash. I am flighty, silly, and mellow dramatic. Him, not so much.That's what I'm saying, shots or the dance floor! Make the villain an unstable ENFP. They'll be cantankerous. Not really a true villain? What about Hugo Chavez, Gaddafi, Guevara, and Castro? All supposedly ENFPs. We're dangerous cause we can read people and captivate audiences. Not to mention we're unpredictable. I was that weird loner kid.... still am.Supposed to say "Uni" not unites.


Just for fun....


So this person is in my college major (which is interdisciplinary) which he is switching for something more analytical  (econometrics).


He was in the Peace Corps. 


He's very sarcastic but not really a jerk. 


He's a bit of an odd ball (has goofy socks).


He's very articulate and surprisingly confident.



He's in love with this hole in the wall dive bar, which according to him has many crazy old trump supporters.



By his appearance one could assume he's a nerd.


He seems to be a little emotionally blocked.
ENFP here. Can confi .. Oh what's that shiny thing over there? Must investigate immediately. 


Where were we? ENFP as well. I've found myself saying "I'm a people person but I don't really like people that much" a lot lately. I can't think of a better way to say it. I have this strong need to be social but like you, feel that no one really gets me... And I also have a strong need to be alone. The struggle is real. I've been more introverted in the last year than ever before (I'm 31). I've always said that I've never been depressed but I am starting to realize that I think the introversion is what depression looks like for me. It's not a sadness but rather the need to be alone. What are the cognitive functions? ENFP here.ENFP here. When I have trouble sleeping it's usually because I'm worried that I upset someone. I'll overthink a conversation and think about how what I said could have been taken and get anxiety that I made them mad/hurt their feelings.  

99% of the time it's about how I think other people perceive me or my actions. 

Edit: [serious Q] how do I mark my post like the others did with their type in the same line as their name? I'm on the iPhone Reddit app if that matters.Can you do this from the app?ENFP as well and I got visual-spatial. Thanks! Yes! My husband and I live in a 3-bedroom house and I really just want to throw everything away and build a tiny home.

Re: I feel like my depression isn't real: I tend to feel like I shouldn't feel this way because I've been so fortunate in my life- college educated (graduate degree), married to a wonderful person, haven't lost any loved ones besides my 90-yr old grandpa. Whenever I complain/feel bad about my life or something, I instantly feel worse bc I don't feel justified in feeling bad.. If that makes sense? 

Ugghhh... I feel you. Pm me if you ever want to chat :)ENFP- every time. Every test. I'm always almost to the highest or lowest of each category. I guess my personality is pretty stable.I'm also married to an INTP! Have been together for almost 14 years. I'm new to mbti and can't speak to much of the specifics but you sound A LOT like me, an ENFP. "Love American accents"

Never heard that before! Lol! Do you know what regional accent you like? Where are you from?Come on over! I would love to hear your accent all day so we can just read to each other! 

I have a new coworker who's Australian. After speaking to him multiple times on the phone in one day, he said "I bet you're tired of hearing my voice today." I responded, "you're Australian! I never get tired of hearing your voice!" Probably not something I should have said to a colleague but he laughed, thank god! I've actively been working to keep it down over the last 6 months or so. If I hadn't it would be much higher. I think I actually have around 13,000 emails in my inbox... this just reflects "unread" lolDoesn't bother me at all! Most of my apps have the alert. Whatevs, I'll get to it when I get to it! But I know many people like you, that can't stand to have the alert on there.Update! I also shared on Facebook and one of my friends' was at 35,000 unread! Life goals.

Edit: and another with 40,006! The 6 is not a typo. This ones really going to bother some!The gmail is my personal account and I set it not to receive notifications on my phone bc there is a lot of spam and I just checked, it's at 6572 lol. I don't check that one a lot. 

The one with the notifications is my work email. A lot of my unread is mass communications, listservs, and notifications that I need to check something (we get an email notification to check but I have to do this 2 times a week so I don't actually need to open the email). It's also quite possible that I've missed some things and do need to clean it out. It's just so massive at this point (my actual inbox is around 13000) it's going to take me a while to clean up.

The third is an app I just downloaded to remove the junk. I haven't tried it yet. This is my work email 😕Just not my strength :) at work, last year, they brought in an outlook genius. The guy went over strategies to keep it organized and have 0 email in your inbox. While I can appreciate and admire those that can do this, I'm okay with the fact that I will never be able to. Sometimes it is just being CC'd on emails that I don't need to be on. I supervise 10 people so sometimes they'll cc me on a lot of things. Whenever they make a purchase on the company card (which is multiple times a week), I get an email to approve the purchase. I don't bother opening these bc it's just telling me I need to go to the financial portal to do so. There's no link or anything in the email, so there's really no reason to open it. 

Also, I work for a university but I'm not on campus so I get a lot of things that don't pertain to me. Just doesn't bother me not to delete them. I use the search a lot to find things and I actually do use the folders to organize important emails. I just downloaded Easilydo a couple days ago. I haven't used it yet but definitely will! Finish?! Bahaha My experience was more like:

Start cleaning room. Find something to play with/draw/read/paint and forget I was supposed to be cleaning! LolEdit: wow! Thanks for all the great answers! 
Hi! Thank you so much for your input, ISFP is really a type I had not considered. I've been trying to apply the functions to myself, but it's quite hard! That's why I wanted to ask for help. 

For myself I'd been looking ENFP or INFP, but it's very interesting that you don't see any Si, and not only that you see me as Se dominant! That gives me much more to think about of course. 

I'll continue to try to figure out my typing but you've given me much insight and I'll most certainly take what you've said into account. Thanks again!Haha well dang :)

Thanks for your input!Hi! I don't know if you're still replying but in any case I'll get this in writing and go over it with the answer key. Thanks for doing this for us by the way!

1. I really respect people that are creative and know enough/are skilled enough to be authoritative on a subject. I really respect authenticity and being considerate of others. I respect people groups that can swallow their pride and compromise or admit that they're wrong. 

2. I don't like people that speak of others as inferior to them, a lot of people hold superiority complexes and that's natural, but outwardly speaking of others as unworthy or inferior gets under my skin. I dislike people that are inconsiderate of others and those who are rude and impolite or discriminatory a la homophobic for example. I don't like super competitive environments or people. I don't like people with short temper, or at least I get very uncomfortable when someone is angry over something trivial. 

3. My memories are scattered but vivd/intense. I don't remember dates or names very well but I remember little tidbits of conversation like things said in passing and strong details. My memory is, aside from the general framework of events in my life, much like a scrapbook full of snapshots.

4. I think mostly about the future. I will carry out many many imaginary conversations, sometimes I think of who I'd say things to but other's it's just like giving a speech to a crowd or talking to a stranger. I'm definitely concerned with morals/ethics and try to fine tune my idea of what's right. I will generally meander through many topics and even though I don't have a path through them per se, when I get distracted by something I force myself to return to what I was thinking so the transition to the next thought is smoother. I daydream most of the day haha. Daydreaming goes in a ton of directions from how to raise my children if I ever have any to what I would do if I was invisible and to some fantasy of magic and elves or whatever. 

5. I think I'd rather be the talking one between those two. Can I choose just a really cool dialogue? I feel like I learn better/enjoy more when I can both listen to an enthusiastic person but also speculate and give my input out loud.

6. I love talking about things like drawing or drag and what I've found out while pursuing those hobbies or things like social justice, psych and general science stuff. 

7. When I disagree with someone, I'm likely to voice my dissent. I'm a vehement person in general, so I'll probably get into an argument. My relationship with the person will definitely affect things if I think that I either don't care enough about what they think or we're close enough to the point that fighting a bit won't hurt us. If I'm trying to get someone to like me I'll probably be soft about it or even quiet.

8. New things are neat! Not all of them are interesting to me, but I'm generally open to new experiences. I'm willing to do most new things but I don't end up doing them that often because many things often get in the way. Uh well the other day I did ice skating for the first time and that was really cool and oh! I tried one of the silly 'rituals' from /r/threekings with my friends the other day. 

9. I've been described as "charming" "weird" and "happy-go-lucky." I look/act non-threatening, or at least I think I do, I get stopped for directions or help with parking lot machines  on the daily by strangers, more than anyone I know. I don't think I come off as super emotional but I am. I don't think I come off as very rational either. A friend once told me when he spotted me walking alone at night (and hadn't recognized me yet) that he thought, "That guy looks so inanely happy, I bet he'll get mugged"

 I'm the loud and talkative one for sure, my friends have to remind me to keep my voice down in public because I can become unaware of how loud I'm talking. I think I choose my words carefully enough but there's a stream of consciousness aspect to it as well. I often just forget to finish my sentences, not like I start a new one but just stop to re gather my thoughts. I do jump from topic to topic a lot though. I do interrupt people but with decreasing frequency with every passing day, I'm making a conscious effort to be a better listener haha. I don't like to be interrupted at all though! Oh I feel like I need to do something quite often, which generally results in me pacing around talking to myself. I don't find it too hard to get up in the mornings, I'm a bit of a morning person too.

10. I draw and play the piano. I'm more disciplined with drawing than I am with the piano. I'm also working on a drag act for an event in the Spring. I like them all a lot and love to improve my skills in each. I'm very satisfied with how I've progressed over the last few years in drawing; I take much pleasure in going over old sketchbooks. I'm not super disciplined so I do have a ton of unfinished side projects in a bunch of areas like programming, video editing, and writing but I'm decently consistent with my central hobbies.

11. I'm 18, male and Colombian but living in the US as an engineering student.

Again thank you for doing this!Lord, they were barely short of calling XSFJs sheeple and NTs the God-appointed rulers of men.

EDIT: also lol at the fact that OP is talking about there being more white NT's than in other races, neat.I feel you! In Civ V whenever a nation I was allied with betrays me I feel legitimately, intimately betrayed. Catherine of Russia has broken my heart so many times.I don't know, I feel the same way though! Any sort of second-hand embarrassment kills me. There have been several times where I literally get into a ball on the theater floor.Thanks! I hope me having chosen a flair for my suspicion wasn't an influence haha!Oh yay!Oh it probably isn't haha! I'm not an expert on cognitive functions.

I thought it was Fi because this inconsequential/minor thing had me tortured for days and cause it was sort of related to internal morals/ethics? Haha it's really not an exact science is it.

Maybe its just a Feeler thing? Maybe it's just me being emotional and nothing related to MBTI? I dunno, what do you think?&gt; Nothing molding like blue cheese. 

Blue cheese is spectacular though, even though the smell is strong, it doesn't produce that gag-vomit impulse like rotting foods. I think it's easier to try it as a sauce or dip.

Cow Heart is worth a try, I guess it fits the "muscle tissue" requirement but it's also an organ. Tongue tastes pretty neutral, and when well prepared it is about 0% slimy. Tripes and intestines have a very strong flavor, like crank up the normal taste of beef to 100. 

Bugs can be tasty, I've not tried many but where I'm from, toasted [hormigas culonas](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-nxElF3-rdB8/U0C0UPNwPwI/AAAAAAAAAW8/5acUSdi5rWw/s1600/hormigas-culonas-santandereanas.jpg) (literally translates to big-butt ants) are a tasty, crunchy snack, think peanuts with less oil.Oh yeah you're right, I guess texture or just *knowing* what it is could be enough to deter you from certain foods. 

If it's not a bother, can you explain your rationale for those limits? Like is it simple disgust or are there other reasons for it?ENFP- Not finishing/commiting to things and mismanaging my personal time. I like college and work cause it forces me to actually do stuff, otherwise I would never get anything done if it was only up to me.Oh nono that's interesting. I think you misunderstand what I said when I called it a Fi moment. I'm not calling it a Fi moment because everyone with Fi would feel shitty killing beggars or accepts conventional morality. I thought it to be a Fi moment because I did something that violated *my own* strong internal moral code (even thought it was something virtual and silly like a videogame) and I tortured myself because of it for a while.Aslo in Introversion vs Extraversion, I've found that it's not that I am drained by spending time alone but that I'm drained by focusing my energy inwards. If I can direct my thinking or activity towards something external to me I will feel energized, be it a social gathering or a tough homework problem. I can spend long amounts of time thinking about things but the process is generally extrospective like thinking about a rebuttal to someone's argument or cool project ideas.

Spending time thinking over a decision by myself is basically torture, but as soon as I can talk to someone I feel immediately more equipped to handle the choice.

[The Landing - Then Comes The Wonder](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osDUWf1zKzI)

I like it. It's really hard to put into words why I like it but I really do. From time to time I'll just find a random song that just resonates with me? It's gonna sound stupid but they kind of remind me of blurry memories or dreams or foggy feelings? I really don't know how else to put it haha.

 I usually rotate  my "current favorite song" like every week or so.

[Here's last week's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAM-ePm7LfU)Imagine the feelzENFP AND ENFJ are totally different in terms of functional stack! ENFP goes Ne Fi Te Si, while ENFJ goes Fe Ni Se Ti. 

A good way to figure it out is to look at descriptions of the four axes, that is, what is the Te-Fi axis compared to the Ti-Fe axis and what is the Ne-Si axis compares to the Ni-Se axis.

[This Article](http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2012/12/guide-to-jungian-function-axes/) should be helpful in determining which function axes you use.

Another neat way to differentiate between those two is to think about your inferior function (Si for ENFP and Ti for ENFJ). The inferior function emerges when we are under high stress. What are you like at your worst? More like an inferior Si obsessive about regrets from the past and unable to see a bright future or like an inferior Ti making excuses and ruthlessly criticizing others? Or maybe something else

[This Article](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/119442161307/accurate-typing-the-inferior-function) delves into the inferior functions.

Between those two, you hopefully get a better idea about what type you are! Good luck!I relate to this on a spiritual levelI think your approach is great, not only because I share it but because I think it's ideologically productive. 

The Presidence is an institution, not a 'most popular' award. I understand all distaste for Hillary Clinton, but she acts with respect towards the institution of president, the institution of her political party and has acted with respect towards the institutions of her government roles in the past.

Clinton is a true stateswoman, which cannot be said for her competitor.


I think it's absolutely fair to say. And yeah, say while a Romney Presidence wouldn't have been ideal, Romney would have definitely been a competent president. Hell, Cruz, ass-backwards and nefarious as hey may be, would at least honor the position in some way. 

Donald Trump is not necessarily to blame for his shortcomings, but he is to blame for his hubris. Things like this always make me question whether I'm INFP cause I relate to this so muchProbably ENTJ

If only "Awful trash" were an mbti typeI can understand people being captivated by his charm or wit or whatever and I'm a firm believer that you can still enjoy a person's work even if they occasionally do problematic stuff.

Milo, however, is at the head of a white nationalist movement. Milo is a fascist. Milo is a cruel and rotten person. It's not about agreeing with him or not, it's about the fact that he's a nefarious bastard with cruel intentions for various parts of the human population. Milo is without a doubt one of the main mouth pieces of the alt right. Milo is a *figure* of the alt right. 

The alt right is a white nationalist movement. The alt right is a fascist movement. That is a patently untrue and dishonest separation of the alt right. To pretend that Milo is not a part or ideological proponent of the "*real*" alt right is disingenuous at best. 

Stop trying to defend the horrible things that Milo has said and done and the horrible things that he stands for.I'll agree with ISTJ

Si- your connection with the logo as the first thing. To see something brought up a tiny little object of memory to you. Se would focus more on the picture's qualities, while Ni and Ne would make connections, but not to a concrete image like a logo but to more tangential/abstract things like processes, biology, etc. You're a P-dom, which means your shadow Se can confuse you for a P-type. Remember that SJ's are guardians, and there are many things which they guard. Cleanliness, tradition, and people are common things for them to guard (especially those with the Fe-Ti axis), but I feel like you are a guardian of the truth (Te) and of yourself/your soul (Fi)

Te- Mega evident, Te sees the world in terms of objective truths and lies. Te users don't think they're explaining things as they see them, but rather that they explain things as they are. For Te users, people that disagree with them on concrete issues disagree with *reality.* You really give off this vibe, your concern for not being a ~feeler~ in your comment and your general concern for objectiveness really reflects this.

Fi- And ironically, your tertiary is mega subjective but the tertiary position suppresses it a bit. Fi complements your Te by making you desire that intellectual development. That internal rolling of the eyes is Fi in the back, upset but deciding not to act because Si and Te know better than to engage in personal conflict.

Ne-You adorable little worrywart you. That 'social anxiety' is Ne telling you all the ways in which people hate you and think you're weird. Ne is great at looking at the possibilities, but being inferior it just sees bad and scary possibilities. Ne(less than Ni does when inferior, but still) is responsible for the gut feelings you 'fall prey' to, thats the reason why you feel upset about your gut feelings, they are your inferior side. In the quiz thing, Ne really likes possibilities so in that circumstance you have Te basically knowing what's correct and then Ne, in the far back, casting shadow of doubt. You feel like this shadow of doubt may sabotage you at times, but if you learn to use it better you'll stop seeing it as "Making me go for the wrong answer" and start seeing it as "Making me consider more viewpoints" Which is healthy for a Te user that can feel so sure of the truth.

The problem with your typing could be several things. 1) Sterotypes-- the super organized dorky dad doesn't ring with you, and therefore you discard ISTJ. 2) Intuitive Bias-- because of course. 3) Rarity-- people often don't type themselves as ISTJ, among men it's the most common type. You still sound like a very unique person to me,your cognitive processes may be common but you still have a fierce sense of identity. You're also very smart and rational which is often mistakenly thought of as monopolized by the NT's which is untrue, ST's reason and logic can often be devastating and mindblowing.

Another thing, your Fi is unhealthy/underdeveloped. In your text you want to shy away from its subjectivity, I think you'll find it healthy to recognize it and work with it.
Hey! Mbti is more centered around cognitive functionality and ***the way that people think***. So like interests and behaviors are usually correlated to and the products of many different cognitive processes, but they aren't that great at determining type. 

To type this person we need to learn more about their thought process, their motivations, the reasons for their being. As a friend you have great insight into those things and the reason its tough for you to type this person is that your approach is mistaken. My suggestion is that you learn more about the cognitive functions and learn to recognize them in this person.

Alternatively, text and or video of the person talking about themselves (hopefully while focused and alone) is pretty useful for strangers like us.ESTJ so much. 

Your first point basically let me know that your function stack looked like Xe-Si-Ne-Xi , giving us either ESFJ or ESTJ. The distrust you spoke of is inferior Fi, not trusting people, very afraid of being hurt. Being judgemental and critical is the most Te thing, as well as being all about success. I think that's very natural, and I don't think you should blame yourself for it either. If anything, it's a misunderstanding of MBTI and the sites and people that continue to tout them to blame. 

&gt; So then my quirks aren't about being lost in interior thinking about abstract concepts, etc., but instead maybe I'm just a lazy slob with no control over his life and environment.

How cruel with yourself :0

You may not be like those Ne doms that spend their time dreaming about inconsequential things or like Ti doms that mentally drive down spirals of logic or like me a Fi dom with my stubborn little codex of morality. You're just on a different quest. Te doms are people usually on quests to ***create systems that work*** and to ***discover truth.*** Forget anything about being organized or strict and [look at this list.](http://www.celebritytypes.com/istj.php) They are legendary over-achievers. They start nations, they start companies, they create systems of thought that we still think through centuries after.

They always say that getting lost in thought or daydreaming is an N thing and that's bullshit, much of your quirks *are* in you being lost in interior thinking. For you it's Te, you find they way things *are,* you find energy in *real things*, in *true things,* in *effective things*. And again, remember that intelligence is independent from MBTI, an ISTJ without the intelligence and drive might not hope to be more than an exmilitary grandpa, but the smart ones like you can make things like : Amazon, IKEA, the fucking United States (Yes basically the whole thing, at the beginning).Tell me you think Freud was just a stringent boring old man. Tell Heidegger that philosophy is a thing for other types. Think about all the thousands of ways that they were unique and how insignificant it looks that they were in the eyes of MBTI just common men. Well they were not common men, and neither are you.

Stereotypes are silly things. It may be fun to look at those silly tumblr memes with like "MBTI types as bread" and then be like "oh yes I'm totally pumpernickel " but in the end they're likely either made by a person with a marginal understanding of MBTI or literally just made for goofy fun. 

I said you have a fierce sense of identity, and I can tell that it was hurt by this and that's okay. I just wanted you to know that your personality doesn't end at ISTJ. Fuck it, *you* don't end at ISTJ. This thing that some psychologists came up with several years ago isn't the place you were fated to find yourself, your *true* self, that sucks. Now go look for yourself elsewhere, friend, I'm sure you're out there!
INTP

Ti- Extreme, all your little adorable nuggets of analysis are this, you dork.

Ne- Good complement to Ti, you like to go to interesting and often extreme places with your thoughts. Ne is great during confusion (like you mentioned gut feelings helping) because its breadth allows you to see more field than your mega focused Ti, in exchange for some detail and depth.

Si- This function is the most tender little part of you, and you really don't let it show. I literally cannot find evidence of it in your text but I think it's there. From my own experience with INTPs, this is pretty common, you're actually very sentimental about people and things but you hide it plenty.

Fe-Inferior, threatens your individualistic thinker. Fe loves structured systems of people and those are so opposite to your dom function that they stress you out. Also not knowing what's appropriate to share, Fe is all about that.


I originally felt Ni but I figured it was Ti-Ne masking. 

I actually tried to type you with Ni *and* Ti but the only ways would make you either a feeler or a sensor, but I don't think you're either. I also don't think you have any Te because I see exactly zero Fi not even inferior(Which is why INFP is off the board for you I feel). I didn't feel you in ISTP precisely because the lack of Se and I didn't see you there either. INTJ, we have the Te problem. ENTP is a possibility but I feel like your Ti is too dominant and the Ne vibe I get from you derives from the manifestation of your Ti rather than a thing of itself, which I would from a Ne-dom.

I want to talk more about you feeling like you have more Fi than Fe. Ti and Fi can feel like each other, Fi can be surprisingly logical and Ti can be surprisingly emotional (note that logic and emotion are not inherent to either Fi or Ti but like we tend to associate them like that.) Basically, you are a Ji dom, which makes you a Je inf so your inferior Feeling feels more distant than the Feeling that's more similar to your dominant type. But in the end, you actually did talk about Fe a bit and you didn't even scrape Fi. 

As a final note and minor evidence for Ne, notice how your reason for not accepting the type necesarily is the prescence of other tempting options. Your Aux Ne cannot hold it's what-ifs so you want to put them to rest first. Of course INTP could still be wrong, but I feel even more comfortable about it for you now :)Very much this! I was mistaken and for the longest time mistyped myself as ENFP for this reason.

When I was a kid, I was a really weird kid and I didn't have many opportunities to socialize. What I'd do is make one good friend and just hang out with them and sometimes some other people. In high school I met a group of people I was super comfortable around. Around people, my Ne is very loud and funny and larger-than-life, Up until then it would only really show around single people I was comfortable around.

This created a moment where I really thought I was extraverted just from how effortless it was to spend time around them and how once we spent a week spending nearly every second in a group and I felt great still.

I realized that my Ne is activated by people I'm comfortable around. I'm awkward and kind of dysfunctional in groups where I don't know people or where I feel like I'm being judged. When I can establish one-to-one contact or even better, when someone is in the group that I know and care about I can use my Ne and be charming. Because of this, people close to me think of me as an extrovert, because they unknowingly bring out my Ne just by being around me, which makes me seem extroverted to them, plus the fact that I never seem to need to recharge around them.

Another reason why I had rejected being Introverted is that I spent a while being *lonely* after leaving this group of people that I loved so much. Being lonely and being alone are different, and my hatred of being lonely made me thinking I was an extrovert but developing healthy relationships helped me rediscover being *alone* and I've re recognized my type as INFP.Te Doms and Auxes. ENTJs and ESTJs would be way more capable of rallying people and putting the tactics in play, INTJ's and ISTJ's plans would be more focused and organized though and actually more practical.

Ti Doms and Auxes would be better at creating optimized tactics for individuals, like a one-man-army Rambo sort of thing.ESTJ, so I'm with my mom? CoolMBTI is (or attempts to be) a *model* of reality. Nobody in this community will tell you that the 16 types are an exhaustive or a complete set. And yes, 16 is actually an arbitrary number, and so is 8 for the functions. To have expected MBTI to be *the* explanation for human behavior was indeed very short sighted.

And yet, that doesn't mean it cannot aid us in our quest for understanding of the mysteries within ourselves and within others. Take for example [Linnaean Taxonomy.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linnaean_taxonomy) It is obviously unable to fully account for the diversity of life on this planet  and the complexities of speciation and genetics through its often arbitrary delineations for kingdoms and classes and species and what not. And yet, it's very useful in that it enables people to refer to certain observable differences and groupings by name. Linnean taxonomy allows us to conceptualize many interactions and characteristics in relation to each other, and because of that it's still relevant in biology.

MBTI by itself won't empower anyone to comprehend the mysteries of the human psyche, or to even comprehend the mysteries of *one* psyche. But just like Linnean Taxonomy wasn't meant to be the final and ultimate interpretation of biology, neither was MBTI meant to be the final and ultimate interpretation of personality. 

And then you thought that because you misinterpreted its purpose and its scope, that the model itself is useless and a delusion. **You tried to cut your steak with a spoon and when you failed, decided forever that spoons serve no purpose.**[me right now](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/2013/07/see.gif) As an Fi dom, Im not religious but I still have like a need for some amount of weird mysticism in my life. So yeah.Me- **INFP** 

I'm highly drawn to Ne users(**NPs**), because we will usually be able to be engaged in conversation quite easily. In general, I consider my friendship matches to be similar to my romantic matches. As in, people I can be very close friends with are the same people I want to be in relationships with, because a relationship is just a close friendship with added layers of intimacy. Ne users will usually *get* (rather than just accept, or even worse dismiss) my quirks and present many of their own. I tend to *click* with them. That doesn't mean all is well always, and Fi and Ti can often exhaust each other, but in general I think very fondly of the NPs in my life.

**xSFPs** are people I can be true around, which makes me very happy. Even if our conversations are usually not that long winded or engaging for the both of us, I'm never unhappy around them.

**xNTJs** can be a bit draining with their grumpiness, but their tender friendly self is so sweet and mindful of others. Our conversations are usually less harmonious but still fascinating! They're actually surprisingly prone to sentimentality on the inside, and I've been fortunate enough to see that sentimental side (good luck having them open up enough!) and it's very beautiful.

**xNFJs** and me often feel like polar opposites in the same (NF) domain. I treat most everyone sort of the same, with the exception of xNFJs who are a lot like me in many ways, but also so diametrically different in certain approaches (attribute that to Ni-Fe vs Ne-Fi) Their natural counselor tendencies don't work that well on me, and my usual *attempt-mega-close-connection* also needs tweaking with xNFJs, which makes my friendships with them something that feels rather special and out of the usual.

**SJs** are super sweet, and tons of fun when they engage their Ne, but can be a bit stifling sometimes, so we often find our approach to life differing dramatically. They're most lovable when they put away their serious facade and unleash their inner adorable dork. I have difficulty establishing closeness with stronger Si in general, but one of my best friends ever is an Si dom!

My relationship with **ISTPs** is often interesting. We just seem to be moving in different directions and I find it very difficult to establish any sort of emotional closeness if any, but in groups I often find that we actually make good 'comedy partners' of sorts. With them, I can usually establish other forms of closeness (more like camaraderie than my preferred emotional closeness) that are very pleasant.

I have yet to form a close (or even close-ish) friendship with any **ESTPs** and I do know several. I'll have to admit, I don't usually like em too much. Not to say  I can't see myself being friendly or cordial, but there just seems to be a wall, and one that I feel doesn't need tearing down, it's fine just where it is.

Didn't mean to make this a treatise on my relationships with the types but here you go.IxxP's are king I'd say for sure. Se and Ne are the procrastinating functions but in the dominant position they tend to be, if not industrious at least so energetic and prepared for action. Because of that, Se and Ne doms (ExxP's) only procrastinate on unpleasant or uninteresting things. Fi-Ne, Fi-Se, Ti-Ne and Ti-Se, on the other hand, can generate a lot of inertia and require some self-indulgence before work begins, leading to A LOT of procrastination.

On the other hand, and as you noted, ExxJ's are the most industrious types. IxxJ's industriousness is still there and very strong, but it's a little more quiet and subtle and requiring a bit more planning and consideration.I haven't learned to deal with it myself yet and about 80% of my current issues are in some way or form related to that. 

A good tip is to stay *aware* of things and allow deadlines to torture you. I often make the mistake of conveniently forgetting I have to do anything so rather than just procrastinating while the deadline eats at my core, I'm just being generally unproductive. To rephrase, we can often sin by being plainly unproductive, rather than being unproductive *towards* something.

It's largely a cognitive difference, it's the one between "Oh I want to paint my nails and that's what I'm going to do" and "Oh I'm painting my nails and that's what i'm going to do **but** I should be doing something else." Eventually that 'but' eats at you and forces you to work, but if you don't have it there you'll never stop.Yes this.

Some self-typing resources:

[A helpful video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FroasdY3e0) (might help to watch the first two parts, for a better basis.)

[A post from the top of all time on this sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4qfn5v/how_to_type_yourself_using_cognitive_functions/)

[A cognitive function test](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) (that's better than most other mbti ones, still take with a grain of salt)Oh man, I'm taking off my mbti glasses of for this one. This story has nothing to do with mbti or this sub really, but you know what it was probably therapeutic to write that out.

The situation with the other lover is highly toxic to the development of your own relationship with that guy. It's not a ridiculous demand to want it to stop. Feel free to give that ultimatum, feel prepared to deliver on the promises of that ultimatum

The sex situation is strange. You have physical needs, and while he gets his fulfilled by some druggy skank, you get relegated to be the cool but sexless gf. No ma'am. If you cannot establish physical intimacy, cut it off or find yourself some hunk on OkCupid or something, but don't stay unfulfilled and unsatisfied. 

If this dude and his weird side ho, his reservations about sex, or anything like that are bringing you down and are not helping you maintain a healthy state of mind, cut that shit off and find yourself a hunk on OkCupid anyway.

None of this sounds healthy, some of it sounded nice, but none of it healthy. Confront him on the issues or let him go, but either way I want you to take care of yourself and your mental, emotional, and sexual health.I'm suspecting ISTJ-

**Si** 

The picture, you see a story, you're not frozen in a purely aesthetic moment(Se) but you're instead curious about context. Still, notice the way you speak. ISTJ is often given the name of the *inspector*, which really suits your tone. You're here to sort out how this happened and who's responsible ("Where are his parents?" )

**Te-Fi** 

&gt; Despite the fact that everyone has opinions that should be respected, I still feel like a lot of opinions are simply stupid and wrong. 

That statement is basically textbook Te-Fi

**Ne**

Inferior Ne is a voice of doubt to our decisions. It also manifests as a hidden goofy side as opposed to a hidden decadent side(inf. Se).I love the fact that this is almost a medical diagnosis to you. I'm guiding myself mostly by impressions here, man, and I only know as much as you have shown me. 

For your first point (and also in a way for your third), I did mean Te-Fi in general but there is enough evidence for Te&gt;Fi in the way you write. Te favors methodical and structured approaches to determining truth which you seem to want to get out of this process. You want the reasoning, you want the methodology, you want the bits of evidence. Fi&gt;Te would make personal appeals first rather than tough questions and while higher Fi would still be reserved from its personal life, it would be unlikely to withhold things form those it's closest with, in fact, it would have a real desire to share everything with one or two people. The sentence you gave wasn't the only evidence, but worked as a cherry on top of a Te-strong questionnaire.

Your goofy side is evidence that Ne is *somewhere* in your stack. Ne goofiness is child-like and dorky while Se goofiness tends to be more sexy and party-animal-esque. Inferior functions can still manifest commonly and positively in healthy scenarios but they *take the lead* under stress. You didn't talk much about yourself under stress and I didn't see much of the Inf. Ne worrywart so me giving you Inf Ne specifically actually comes mostly from how strong I feel your Si-Te ~way of seeing life~ is. 

Pi functions are all about associations. Si will make associations that are based on experience or are somehow pragmatic and real in nature. ("It's winter" "it's a first world country" "Perhaps he is lost"). Ni would make similar associations, but ones that are more abstract and otherworldly, you seem rather grounded on reality. Se would be mainly aesthetic about the image and Ne would likely be rather scattered in its observations. S functions are more likely to see **a child** in the photograph, whereas N functions are more likely to see **childhood** in the photograph.

I stick by my initial ISTJ, though admittedly you could be an ESTJ (higher Ne) that's shy or experiences social anxiety.
Actually that's very interesting.

If an Fe motto is "Treat others how you would like to be treated."

then an Fi motto is  "Treat others right."&gt;mile wide thick layer of titantium, with one open hallway that goes right to my very center.

So you're the Death Star?I have an INTP friend and he does occasionally fire high power laser beams.

Now that I think about it, he does occasionally make comments about "filthy rebels" as well
Impractical. Oh so impractical.

Pragmatism and productivity don't only elude me, they actively run away from me.Overall, feelers as people-oriented will pick up on cues best. However, there's a difference in the scope of Fe and Fi when it comes to social cues.

Fe users find it easy to pick up on cues from everyone, even people they don't know. This is because Fe is well-versed in the ways that we're all similar to each other, or at least it aims to be. People manifest emotions and intentions in pretty similar ways to one another. As a result, Fe usually isn't intimidated or mystified by strangers.

Fi users find it more difficult to pick up on those cues, but that doesn't mean Fi is unobservant of others' feelings. For people the Fi user knows, Fi can basically 'read their mind' (if well developed, and if the connection is strong enough). 

Therefore, while Fi is mystified by what strangers might think or feel, the thoughts and actions of people Fi users know don't often surprise them. On the other hand, while Fe is able to detect the way most everyone feels at a given moment, it can still end up perplexed by the actions of their loved ones at times.You've typed me before, butI'm interested in having you give it another shot so I turned off my flair!!

Thanks for doing this!!

---

**A.** 19, Male, Colombian

**B. Things I remember easily:**

(In general: very specific things from things I'm invested in)

* Details from conversations
* Stories and plots (very strongly), but also other information from media like order of levels in a videogame, name of all the bosses, order of elimination of a reality show
* Dreams, very vividly and sequentially. Even those from a long time ago.
* Rules of games like The Resistance
* General and sepcific aspects form academic theories
* My own thoughts/feelings from the past. I can, say, go back to 2010 and tell you what I thought like back then.
* Interesting facts and things I've read in general.
* Small details that hold emotional significance (e.g. what I was eating on a day that I was feeling very hopeless)

**Things I forget:**

* Tasks to do (I never know what I have to get done, woops)
* Birthdays, phone numbers, addresses.

**C. I'm comfortable around:**

* People who will listen without immediately judging me/thinking I'm weird
* People who are not afraid to be weird
* People who are legitimately warm/friendly/invested in what I have to say rather than just being polite
* People who are considerate but being able to honestly apologize when wrong is just as good or even better
* People who can/like to engage in long, thoughtful conversation.

**I'm uncomfortable around:**

* People who are very macho/concerned with proving some sort of bravery or physical superiority.
* People who will shut off conversation of interesting topics.
* People who are pretending to be interested in what I'm talking about just to be polite
* People who are far too physical (I don't like much roughhousing or pranks) 
* People who are too ambitious.
* People who are excessively stringent about rules, protocol, and etiquette 

**I'm annoyed by:**

* People who complain about "PC culture" or "SJWs"
* People who laugh at others/punch downwards rather than laugh with others/punch upwards.
* People who are unable to apologize or in general lack the tiniest bit of emotional maturity.
* People who are patronizing

**D. How I handle conflict:**

Pretty badly tbh. I try to avoid confrontation, it makes me really really uncomfortable to confront people about things they've done or said. Usually I'll just tell other people what happened, and keep much of it to myself. When I do engage in conflict I tend to get so angry/upset that I become unreasonable and will often fuck up.

I wish I was more assertive for sure and able to keep my cool in confrontations and conflict.

**E. My demeanor:**

* Very very friendly. My flatmate says I'm a pretty fantastic host when we host parties together, which actually surprised me a ton.
* Kinda weird/idiosyncratic. Most notably I pace around and talk to myself.
* Very talkative, and can usually talk for hours when one-on-one. I'm also decent at public speaking. However, I will often choke up when I don't know anyone in the group or feel judged. I get carried away in conversation and will often be far too loud.
* I think I come across as rational to people that meet me for the first time, which is kind of a defense mechanism. My emotional and goofy core usually only shows up to other people.
* I can be hilariously lazy. Not even okay lazy. Tragically lazy.
* I'm almost always in la-la land, daydreaming or thinking about something, so I'm usually the last one to notice when something in the environment has changed.
* I'm always playing with something in my hands, and I'm notoriously fidgety.
* I will often stumble while speaking and butcher words. When giving lengthy arguments or explanations I often prefer the written format just cause that won't happen.
* I seem pretty relaxed/easy going but I'm actually super insecure/often worrying and ruminating on some topic.

**F. I notice more often than others:**

* Spotting the meaning behind analogies and metaphors. I'm also pretty good at finding/theorizing about the central thematic element or sentiment in stories and media in general. I'd say I'm just good at seeing the subtext of things.
* When someone feels excluded/hurt/bored in a group. 
* Many jokes and puns
* When the person I'm talking to is not invested.
* This one is weird but sometimes I will feel that a subtle moment or action is monumental. As in I will realize the importance of a passing side glance or a small pat in the back.

**I miss more often than others:**

* Etiquette and protocol details
* Changes in the environment
* Responsibilities and duties
* Times and dates (I have a terrible sense of time)

**G. Activities that energize me/can do for a long time/do well:**

* Thinking/Daydreaming. I can stare off into space for hoooouuurs. 
* Analyzing people, and the subtle lessons and topics behind events or stories.
* Comforting and listening to people.
* Having long conversations or discussions.
* Being creative. Making art, music, writing, etc.
* Seeing others' creativity in action.
* Acting/singing/performing/giving speeches.
* Researching interesting topics.
* Taking tests when I know the material well.
* Programming and working on difficult puzzles.
* Explaining and teaching things.

**Activites that drain me/can only do in short bursts/do badly:**

* Tasks that require physical finesse (like lab work, I suck so much at lab work)
* Repetitive work.
* Having to plan things too far into the future, too tightly.
* Taking risks (like in gambling).
* Working on problems where I don't even know where to start.
* When others assign me tasks but are unclear in their expectations.
* Issues of logistics
* Having to be too impersonal/scientific/academic

**Activities that I find pointless in general:**

* Demonstrations of dare-devilishness or machismo.
* Corporate climbing
* Pageantry meant to evaluate physical characteristics rather than aesthetic choices/capabilities/talents.
* Places where all you can do is drink and dance (rather than talk).

---

Thanks again for doing this!!I get a strong IxTJ vibe from you, leaning ISTJ. Could also be ISTP??

Also, I'm pretty certain you would hate me if we ever met lmao (just look at my response to this thread)Oh lmao I'm nerdy, embarrassing, loud, and very emotional. And well, if you dislike "SJWs" you might find me to be one. In a self proclaimed feminist, but I'm not one to usually talk about it unless prompted. Even then, I still think we could get along if we had a chance to interact one on one, though I feel that if we just met at an event we would probably avoid each other.

I didn't think INTP for you mostly cause every single INTP I know is a total dork nerd, which you don't seem to be, but you could still be INTP.

You don't seem organized as most of the ISTJ's I know and you do have IxxP laziness, but I feel like you potentially do use Te, and maybe Si ("Why not do it like it's always been done?") INTP's Ne would always want to find new solutions in that question.

ISTP is actually decently likely, you do remind me of some of my ISTP friends. Daydreaming hundreds of fantasy worlds is potentially Ne, though it could be Tert Ni too!!Because *hello*, they get called the 'masterminds'. Who wouldn't want to be the one playing chess while everyone else is playing checkers? They get painted as these mystically super smart mega geniuses that would take over the whole fucking world and enslave all of its people if they gave enough of a damn. Add intuitive bias to that too; remember that ISTJ is the most common type among men. Not only that, many mistyped INTJs are actually-- *gasp*-- feelers of some sort on another. One of the greatest disservices that Jung or Myers or whoever the fuck did all this bullshit was to call Feeling "Feeling" because it created the idea that feelers only use raw emotion and exactly zero logic to make decisions. Because of this, you have a ton of feelers that are mistyped because they are more 'logical' than the typist/test expects feelers to be.

I know that I typed myself as an INTJ once long ago when I was a tween. *Me*. If others are playing checkers then I'm banging two sticks together for the sake of finding out what happens, not even aware there is a game being played. At the time, however, I was convinced the profound purpose of banging two sticks together was just lost on others and that I truly held all the knowledge and strategic capacity to take over the world. I spent years publishing poetry on DeviantArt and crying to myself about the injustices of the world and yet somehow managed to convince myself that I was a cold, unfeeling strategist of the most scientific disposition. It didn't help that being weird and liking math seem to be the main requirements to be typed as INTJ by some garbage online quiz. It was only after realizing that I truly am tumblr trash that I was able to assume my true form of an INFP that fights anyone that disagrees with them on almost any level and then proceeds to almost always cry during said fight. (This is only about 20% hyperbole)

It's glamourous to be rare, too. To be misunderstood and marginalized, yet undoubtedly *~special~* is like a drug to those of us who grew up reading fantasy novels featuring remarkably talented orphans. To be told that you are a magical intellectual wizard that's just misunderstood is an ego boost for *anyone*. Tell me you or anyone wouldn't want to be the most specialest and most smartest of all the snowflakes and I'll call you a liar.
I want a hug, no, I want ten hugs. I'm not that upset but I like hugs.

Maybe Personal vs Impersonal? idk either tbh.Lmao yes, I'm a largely unhealthy, still developing enneatype 4. I guess it really bleeds off my writing doesn't it, haha!

As for the rest, this comment really is why *I*, an INFP found myself mistyped as INTJ, you're right. I do have a tendency to project myself onto others. I still think the comment touches on many of the reasons why people in general mistype as INTJ.

As for the chess thing, I'm certain nobody would want to once they realize how isolated those 'chess players' can be, but I think the glamour of the analogy has wide appeal too.

It also ties into the enneatype 4 thing that I've always felt like I'm playing the 'game' differently, in the past I thought I knew the rules better than everyone but now I realize I likely know the rules the least (which others either find charming or obnoxious and offputting).


Dude your profile is 3 pages long and mostly pokemon stuff, it's not gonna be good enough for an accurate typing. Say, why don't you fill out one of the many questionnaires on this sub [\(Like this one, peppermint-kiss's most recent one\)](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5fb1p7/get_typed_here_new_questions_d/) or upload a video of you talking about yourself or whatever.

Whichever one you choose you can send me the filled out questionnaire or video via PM and I'll gladly help you type yourself.Hey, yeah let's do this!

1. INFP

2. 4, maybe 4w5

3. Long ago I took a test in a school computer class because the teacher recommended it, though only in the past six months have I taken much interest in it and this sub. (and since cycled through ENFP-ISFP-INFP, before that I had typed myself as ENTP)

4. Mom is likely ESTJ, dad is likely ISTJ. To go on vacation with my parents means a having perfect hour-by-hour, routes mapped out, all variables accounted for, and some perfectly well made budgets. Our house runs like a well-oiled machine under them.

5. INTP

6. Probably NTPs, maybe an NTJ

7. I'm quite sociable actually, and really enjoy people. I like to be alone sure, but I do enjoy people's company a lot as well.I have no idea what is type is but he sounds like a good catch! Congrats on finding a clever flirty guy (who's gonna be a doctor, come on this is good shit here)

I ship it!I punched a guy a bit hard once on the cheek when I was a kid.

I'm not very violent ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯I can't think of a more ExFP reason to fight with someone than over a dance spot lmao&gt;INFPs are horrendously depressing with their whining about drama that no one cares about.

Drama? First of all, how dare you. Do you not know what I've been through? Why would you call me dramatic without knowing me? Why do you hurt me like this? You're the cruelest of the cruel.

Every day on this subreddit I get shit on, just like in life. Why isn't there any rest for my poor, hurt, battered soul?

Oh Gods, please grant me death so I escape the torture that is this existence.Socionics intertype (which I hope is not a no-no on this sub) would say INTJ is your conflict type.

From your description though "Working at their on pace completely content doing nothing" sounds like most IxxPs.I would think that maybe the extroverted perceiving function, the one  that directly interacts with the world likely correlates with your preferred form of aggression.

Ne users would likely find themselves wanting to demean/hurt someone in verbal ways, whether it be by insulting their personality or mocking their thoughts/beliefs or making them feel worthless or terrible.

Se users would likely find themselves wanting to deamean/hurt someone in physical ways, just a good old beat-up. That doesn't mean they can't/won't use insults, but they are probably directed at others' physicality.Well there's nothing wrong with it, but many people dislike it. The personality descriptions in the sidebar are Socionics, and a lot of theory discussed here is actually from Socionics. However, there's some [controversy on this sub](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4x4uit/can_we_keep_mbti_in_rmbti_and_socionics_in/) about how much socionics there should be.

Socionics was developed separately from MBTI, and in another language and part of the world, but both Socionics and MBTI take form Jungian typology.

MBTI is explicitly just about the four letter dichotomies, I/E, N/S, T/F, J/P.

Jung speaks of the cognitive functions, but only describes the first four, and attitudes for the first two only. For an ENFP like you, Jung would say you go Ne&gt;Fi&gt;T&gt;S.

Socionics takes a further leap and says that functions work in tandem, or in 'axes' (singular axis), and from there we get quadrants and other stuff. Socionics also ranks all eight functions within a person, with the four last ones being the "shadow functions." According to Socionics your stack goes Ne&gt;Fi&gt;Te&gt;Si&gt;Ni&gt;Fe&gt;Ti&gt;Se.
True true, I don't know much Socionics whoops.It's more a fun thing for me. I think of people and media in terms of archetypes and tropes anyway and mbti just seems like a neat blend between archetypes and psychology.

And yeah, at times mbti is not only accurate but also very consistent (not the tests but the theory itself). &gt;DAE sensors are inferior

Sorry but this is a terrible shitpost.Alright in our fictional election there are four posts to be elected, each independently from each other:

**President**

**Chancellor**(Homologous to Secretary of State or minister of foreign relations

**Treasurer** (In charge of monetary policy)

**Grand Magistrate** (basically Chief Justice, other magistrates are appointed similar to US)

Setting aside the implications of having these roles be elected and the intricacies of each role, let's focus on the parties and the types. 

Each Kerseyan Temperament is a party (I could rearrange these into different groupings if anyone wants me to) with four candidates in its ticket.

---

**SJ - The Establishment Party**

This is the oldest surviving party of our fictional country. They've been there through our best moments and they've been there through our worst. If anything is true is that the country won't collapse so long as they're in charge.

**President - ESFJ:** A well loved career politician, served in congress for many years. Never one to be involved in any scandals and one to maintain high approval ratings. A safe choice, nobody doubts they'll do their job well, but many especially younger voters seem to be yearning for some change.

**Chancellor - ISFJ:** Has served as an ambassador to many other nations, and most recently to the UN. Described as sweet and people oriented. Will keep us out of trouble with other countries for sure. Well organized and dedicated. Many fear they're not assertive enough for the post.

**Treasurer - ESTJ:** A famed economist. Focused on monetary policy that ensures safety and the strength of our currency. Worked as a banker for many many years, which irks some.

**Grand Magistrate - ISTJ:** A well respected judge. They are rather old but very shrewd. They're well known for taking no shit. Justice will be served. Many fear they might be a bit regressive, however.

---

**SP - The Anti-Establishment Party**

So far they've only operated as the opposition in government, but this year they have a real shot at getting some posts in government. Their charisma and distaste for the establishment party resonate with may of those who want change.

**President - ESTP:** Charismatic and clever, they've only served in government for less than a decade. They base their proposals on changing the slow pace that government currently has taking decisions and effecting change. Many fear their inexperience and potential for radicalization.

**Chancellor - ESFP:** Loved by almost everyone, this philanthropic millionaire has acted as a spokesperson for our country in many occasions during their many charity events. They're well known for having delivered a moving speech to he UN general assembly. Relies more on their charisma than diplomatic experience.

**Treasurer - ISTP:** Pragmatic and focused, this entrepreneur is just good with money. They've served minor roles in budget committees and are now offering to put all their intellect and wits to resolve the country's debt and deficit. They're not afraid to take risks to accomplish success, but many assert that no treasurer should take risks with the people's money.

**Grand Magistrate - ISFP:** This judge is well know for their approach to jurisprudence based on modern reality rather than tradition. They want to effect as much change as possible from that stand and desire to see the country change around them. For many people in the country though, a judge should not be doing this sort of thing.

---

**NF - The Ideological Party**

At the core of this party is a strong ideology. It could be Communism, social democracy, or straight up fascism, but either way they're not moderate in any sense. For convenience, imagine their ideology aligns at least somewhat with your own.

**President - INFJ:** This charismatic leader has been slowly rising in popularity lately. They have a strong vision for what the country should be like and are rather adept at rallying others behind that vision. Their proposals are very appealing but for those who disagree with their ideology, they are a terrifying prospect.

**Chancellor - ENFP:** This diplomat has served as a mediator in several conflicts throughout the world. They're focused on conflict resolution and achieving international cooperation. Some fear, however, that they might become quite belligerent when snubbed or challenged.

**Treasurer - ENFJ:** This popular Economics professor has developed a very interesting plan. By all accounts it sounds like the country should become a prosperous paradise. Many doubt that many of his proposals are even possible to implement though, and others could be disastrous under certain circumstances.

**Grand Magistrate - INFP:** This judge is known for several controversial verdicts, but loved by many who appreciate their moral code. Their interpretation of the law hinges around what they consider to be the main founding values of the country and the values in the constitution. However, their tendency to not take the law too literally makes many afraid that they may not be very consistent.

---

**NT - The Rationalist Party** (couldn't come up with something better)

This party believes the country's institutions are poorly run and desires to implement better, more effective systems. Most of the party members are highly academic in nature, only recently joining government roles.

**President - ENTJ:** This former cabinet member seems to know the government in and out. Their vision of a hyper effective and productive state appeals to many, but this politician doesn't seem to fond of dissent. Many fear their potential dictatorial tendencies.

**Chancellor - INTJ:** This former UN ambassador certainly knows how to play the game. They're adept at getting what they want through clever strategies and reading people. However, many are afraid that they won't necessarily look for peace and cooperation. Also, nobody knows why, but this diplomat simply inspires no trust.

**Treasurer - ENTP:** This published economist and philosopher is well known for being very creative and very clever. Their proposals are going to take the country in new directions for sure. Nobody fears they are incompetent but many fear they will be reckless or irresponsible.

**Grand Magistrate - INTP:** An expert in jurisprudence, this young judge takes a rather theoretical approach to the law. Their knowledge on the judicial branch is astounding, but many fear that they might just not be grounded in reality enough to be a great magistrate.

---

Now consider that you agree on some level with every single party's ideological position, who do you vote for for each role. Who seems like a terrible choice?


Maybe Orwell? I like Ruosseau and Kierkegaard as well but there seems to be much debate about their types. Mr. Rogers is certainly up there as well I guess.

I find it interesting and fitting that the Virgin Mary is typed as INFP, same for Princess Diana.*sigh*Yeah that's why it's really not more than interesting I guess.

Mary being INFP would make for an interesting character idk. I find myself also relating to INTPs in this way as well. A bit less with ENTPs but still.INFP male - 19 and I don't drive nor do I know how to (When I moved to America I learned this makes me really freaking weird/a loser idk). I really should learn because of possible emergencies and general usefulness but I really don't like being in cars or around cars. They look and feel like death traps to me.Thanks for the recommendations! Beyond just safety, being in cars just stresses me out/bores me a ton. I'll learn eventually for sure but dang I hope my commute to future jobs doesn't involve driving (too much to ask I know).**Any type could work you just have to decide what kind of role the butler plays.**
---

Is the butler there to be a romantic/sexual foil to the ENTJ?(i.e. is the butler is starkly undersexualized to emphasize the ENTJs sexual qualities?) Is the butler there to be a mentor and source of advice? 

For those things, Si is usually seen as kinda prudish, so SJs work. SFJs for dear caretaker figure and STJs for mentor figure (a la Alfred from Batman)

---
Is the butler there to facilitate/encourage the romantic relationships and encounters? Is the butler himself romantically interested in another character or often makes sexual innuendos?

The enabling butler is more likely to be an SP (think Maurice from beauty and the beast) mostly cause a Se butler would much rather take a 'buddy' role than a mentor one. SFPs are all about the flare of romance while STPs are the best wingmen.

---

Is the butler your choice of antagonist or potential saboteur? Do they want master ENTJ distracted while they loot the family safe? Do they want them two to marry knowing that ENTJs parents will disown their child, enabling the butler to make a move towards the estate? 

Ni is often seen as scheming and we're all familiar with the scheming butler trope, therefore NJ types are your best bet for that. NTJs might be after the family fortune while the NFJs might be after control, either way the defining characteristic is their own agenda.

---

Is the butler mainly there for comedic relief? Are they a more child like figure (serving as a foil for the ENTJs maturity or at least effort towards maturity)? Think of the genie from Aladdin but without the wishes.

Ne users make good comedic relief and are usually sexually unthreatening characters. They can serve as an antagonist, but a more comedic one (think Hades from Disney's hercules). If that's what you're looking for, then you should consider an NP type.I mean I have three different suicide hotlines on my contacts and I've called them so I can't really speak personally, but I'm certain it's hardly applicable to every male INFP.

(Maybe it's more applicable for INFP enneatype 4s specifically??)Ne is often appropriately called "The shitposting function"&gt; Traditions *can be* good *so long as* they bring us together *and not drive us apart*

imoWhenever someone calls themselves rational/logical I immediately tune them out. *Of course* you think your views are the pinnacle of reason, everyone does. If your views are really rational and logical they  should shine like so.I think that's not as correlated with MBTI as much as enneagram. Enneatype 4 is pretty much all about that.Not them but Anakin uses Fi more than anything.

"Well *to me* the Jedi are evil!"

Why does he become a sith? He didn't care about power, status, revenge. He wanted to keep padme from death. The emperor wins him over not by sharing his plan to take over the Galaxy but rather by telling him it was the *right* thing to do, by telling him the Jedi council was just limiting him.

Anakin is a total ISFP. Now, he simulates an INTJ as earth Vader because his transformation into the dark side means a loss of ego (Meaning losing the first two functions Fi and Se, his identity or "heart") and hangs onto the grumpy/ruthless/scheming Ni-Te block as a pseudo INTJ.This is the top post of all time in this subreddit.

Pretty funny, makes fun of most stereotypes, hope nobody takes it seriously.Ok but real talk today I imagined I had a dog and then imagined it died and cried for a few minutes.

EDIT: my imaginary husband was also very supportive throughout the process; I wouldn't have made it without him.Wait does this mean I can have 20 INFP flairs?

***MODS***I had 400 existential crises

*for breakfast*TBH the only solution is for the subreddit to be more accepting of stereotypes/memes/shitposts. Realistically there is only so much in depth quality discussion you can get out of mbti. 

Most discussion is limited to 

a) an *individual* doesn't understand some part of the theory ("Will someone explain Ti vs Te for the 17392th time in this subreddit for me?") 

b) A correction of stereotypes/a discussion of the ideas and trends within the community rather than the theory itself (Si is not just remembering the past guise! Sensors are people too!)

c) Questions that are interesting but ultimately rely on stereotypes/behavioral things/non-cognitive things (Which type is most sociopathic?)

There's more vitality in Tumblr MBTI circles largely because shitposting and stereotypes and memes are more accepted. Even though "Mbti types as bongs" is not really scientific or deep it's not terrible content to have if it's clever and entertaining enough.  At the same time, I think stereotypes and in depth discussion of theory can not only coexist but operate well together. If /r/MBTI is both full of fun things and discussion and not a front page that is 45% type me and 35% explain this subtle type difference to me. And of 20% actual interesting/entertaining content/questions the comments are all whining about it not being cognitive/scientific or related to stereotypes.

This sub is near impossible to contribute to because of things are not rigorous enough they get either harshly criticized or taken down. Users don't want to participate other than to ask questions because they don't want to get ostracized. If the two day old user can be convinced to make a "MBTI types a pieces of half chewed gum" there'll be enough of an audience for the posts with theory and discussion.

The sub also needs a good sticky labeled "Get started here!" with introductory resources, links for skeptics, a (very prominent) link for the type me subreddit (cause that shit has to go, it's killing this place). Then ideally there is a 70-30 ratio of memes/fun posts to actual discussion. If anything the mods could also make weekly stickies discussion threads about particular subjects (this week's topic: Te! What is Te like for you? How are Te users you know like? Etc. With a brief intro/link to an intro to Te in the body of the post) and encourage discussion that's *archetypal* rather than purely cognitive or just stereotypal.

TL;DR: I think it will contribute to the production of quality content if the sub is more lenient as to what is quality/allowable content.

EDIT: this problem is not necessarily about the mod team, btw. It's more about the fact that sometimes the user base can at times be [a bit like this](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/015/266/Z7HeRxU.png).

I mean it's irreparable that MBTI is kind of unscientific. The reason it's popular is that archetypal personality sorting is entertaining and fun. Because of that, content should be fun. If we make a fuss about socionics and enneagram being mixed in or someone making a generalization about a type, the fun is lost. I've been guilty myself of being unfun in the comments section of this sub, but I think that if our attitude is just to participate in a fun community that we'll do much better overall.Type me posts aren't *bad* but they don't make for a readable front page. Only if you're someone that likes to type people/wants to learn about typing are you going to sit and actually read through several paragraphs of someone talking about themselves. So of a large reader base, they're posts that only a limited amount of people will care about/want to participate in. They fill up *too much* space.

We cannot as a discussion forum live off type me posts, they mobilize too little *attention*. Why is the funny type flowchart at the top of this subreddit? It's fun and brief. In the top of all time you have basically two things: well written rants/explanations and memes/image format posts. The *quality* of the daily posts cannot consistently be the same as that of the top of all time, but the *type* of post should be. In /r/MBTI the sort of content that's popular isn't the same of content that's being posted/allowed/favorably viewed. So of course we have thousands of subscribers but not that much movement on what should be a popular and accessible topic. 

Of course super low effort content should be found and removed but I personally won't mind 20 "what each MBTI type would be like as a spy" so long as its minimally thoughtful and funny/entertaining. My uncle owned a few cows. I was mean to one once and it definitely remembered me. Cows and beef are definitely an Si thing.Well, for one thing it could be that you're actually ESTP. ENFPs and ESTPs can outwardly act in similar ways. 

Se and Ne are very similar. Communicative functions that take a lot of information in for interpretation. Se and Ne like new things and pleasant things. Ti and Fi are rather similar, both create tight networks of information. Both are rather idiosyncratic and focused on internal consistency.

What seems to be for sure is that you're some kind of ExxP which is a temperament in an of itself. You could basically any of the Pe-dom types.Meh I think mbti's P vs J has some value. I think that Pi vs Pe and Ji vs Je is usually a bigger distinction than P or J dom. 

Also in MBTI it *kind of* holds that, say, and ENFP is an extroverted INFP. In MBTI you can omit the first letter and still have a meaningful group, the xNFPs are similar to each other and very characteristic as are the xNTJs etc. An INFP is in no way an introverted ENFJ. But MBTI groupings make sense from the cognitive functions. Think of INFP and ENFP again. Fi informed by Ne is going to be VERY similar to Ne informed by Fi the processes are *literally the same*. Not to mention that Ne is closer to Se than it is to Ni and Fi is closer to Ti than it is to Fe. In socionics, the ego, super ego, id, and super id blocks are the same for ENFP and INFP.

The argument then is that even form a cognitive function perspective MBTI P vs J works. I mean NPs all use Ne as their perceiving function, SJs all use Si etc. Sure the INFP is a *true* judger and the ENFP a *true* perceiver but the INFP is closer to the ENFP in terms of *who they are* than to any other judger, especially ExxJs. &gt;your line of thinking is totally illogical

What an unfair and hostile judgement, Ive been explaining to you my logic, just because you don't agree with it doesn't mean it doesn't exist. I haven't been treating you like you're speaking nonsense, don't treat me that way either.

Also of course MBTI naming is arbitrary, that doesn't mean that it doesn't communicate information or that it is nor systematic. Like Socionics naming, MBTI's naming conventions allow you to know the cognitive functions just from looking at the name, and my point is that it additionally lends itself to groupings that all share functions (MBTI NPs all have Ne and Si, Socionics Nps don't all share one specific fiction.)

Also the thing about the ESTJ being the closest extrovert to the ENFP is true, but the INFP is *far* closer to the ENFP than *any other* type, introvert or extrovert. Much like the ESTJ is closest to the ISTJ. In MBTI naming conventions these closet types are named the closest as well. Does that make MBTI naming the best? Not necessarily, does it make
Le it minimally valid? I'd say so.

My entire point is that you said "MBTI labels introverts *wrong*." As if either a) there's an objectively correct way to name the types and it's not all arbitrary, with different strengths and weaknesses and b) there's zero merit at all in how MBTI names typed. "What's true is MBTI labels are *different*"There are large differences but the introverted/extroverted pairs but they're informed by the same processes, in the xSFJ pair for example both are informed mainly by either Fe or Si and secondarily by the other. And ISFJ is much like an ESFJ whose energy is more focused inwards, even if that results in a large behavioral change there are striking cognitive parallels between them. Also ultimately they both have the same first extroverted function, and while the introvert will exercise it less, they will both choose to engage the world in similar ways.I'm not trying to force anything on you! I'm just telling you that just because *you* find socionics naming to be better doesn't make MBTI naming **objectively** useless. It doesn't mean there isn't *any* value to the naming scheme. I just want you to realize "Oh wait, there can still be value in systems and things that I don't personally value."

Neither of our opinions is objective here, but only one of us seems to be convinced theirs is the objective final truth.&gt;derp, well I like the xNFP group

Is this really all you read from what I said? Sigh, you're helplessI feel personally victimized by the existence of this server.This is segregation, Im organizing a crusadeI mean sure why not

INFP 19. Have some forward head but otherwise ok posture. I look around a ton, at the sky, at the ground and at people's faces. Probably look either focused and frowning or completely spaced out. I smile at people while in conversation and at nothing at all/myself/my phone when not talking to anyone. 

I mean it depends. I'd first ask for an explanation, if it sounds plausible and reasonable I'll just go. If they are nice and polite I'd probably just show/state my credentials. If they were insistent (softly politely) I'd insist a bit more, but it'd be easy to tire me and I might cave in and leave. If they're rough/screaming/angry I might instinctively hide, but would otherwise still (meekly) show my credentials but insist less if they were very insistent and looked like they knew what they're doing/belong there. If I need to be in that office urgently or ASAP I'd just call my boss and explain I was shooed away, if they knows anything about it and if they think I should go in anyway. If they say I can just go in despite what the person who shooed me then I'll just use that to assert my right to be there to that person when I return.No IxFP is stereotypically emo and screamo music.

Also if such a thing as Wiccan music exists, I guarantee it's ISFPs and INFPs listening to it.My best advice:

Give the ol chump a heartfelt hug. Then tell him he's being a shitbag, and that you're worried for his wellbeing (bonus points if you're actually worried). Remind him that you don't hate him, but that you're upset at the things he's been doing and not doing. Ask him what's going on in his life. INFPs can be avoidant, if he's thinking about something else or doesn't trust you enough he might brush you off, accept that it is okay if he won't talk to you now but demand that he stop doing [insert full list of grievances]. 

Make it feel like you're giving him options for improvement and pushing him towards them rather than cornering him into doing things he doesn't want to. Offer him a space to air grievances against you if he has any. 

A proper roast will only cause him to scorn you. If he feels antagonized he will not respond positively (could lash out, tune you out, or withdraw completely)

Feel free to deliver an ultimatum of some kind not when you first air these grievances but if he continues to not change. Ultimata are great tools

TL;DR Don't roast him, talk to him. 
That's valid. Basically, it's not so much about babying so much as having a conciliating approach. Fi judges the message not only by its content but by its intention and delivery. Antagonize a Fi user while teaching them something or airing grievances and they won't receive it. I think the approach I propose is a good step towards fixing up the situation without leaving much toxicity or scorn. 

OP is in the right and now has the choice to be antagonizing or conciliating with that righteousness.Well it's not so much an overwhelming consensus so much as about half the types use the Fi-Te rather than the Fe-Ti one. So all those FPs and TJs see Fe as fake and shallow. INs as you noted also happen to be over-represented in internet communities (cause it's kinda just easier to socialize through a screen) and the INTPs have inferior Fe so it's kind of a source of discomfort so 3/4 IN types have trouble understanding/liking Fe.It applies in that Fe and Fi can find conflict and disagreement and Fi *can* often judge Fe as shallow/fake (While Fe can often find Fi to be selfish) . On the other hand, I also get along wonderfully with ESFJs though, we balance each other out in a nice way.Some observations about INFPs, from my experience as one and from people I know.

* They tend to like being home more than going out. Usually are attracted to comfort and decoration more than anything (might make impractical furnishing choices for the sake of achieving some mental ideal of what the dwelling should be like)

* Theater Geeks or the people that hang out with theater geeks. Always have at least one weird obscure interest or hobby. Want to preserve obscure things obscure because they want their interests/hobbies to feel theirs. Want to piss off/hurt an INFP? Tell them they did something just cause it was trendy.

* They cry one-on-one or in private only. The stereotype of the weepy INFP is widespread and INFPs are a bit more likely than other types to be okay with crying or find it to be a good method of catharsis but they will not cry in public unless the situation is overwhelming.

* Often like their own idealized versions of people more than they like the people themselves. This can often cause problems.

* One day they will be convinced their destiny is to grow beets in Siberia, and they will either lose interest or simply never do it (more prominent in ENFPs tbh, but still)

* Only works when interested/inspired. 

* Sloppy with work requiring long periods of attention on the physical world (aka really fuckin clumsy)

* Intolerant of other opinions in that they will look down at those whose values they disagree with. Tolerant of other opinions in that they don't expect others to change their mind and don't want them to conform because of pressure. INFPs want to make people truly believe things rather than just accept them or have them imposed.

* Can be elitist. Noticed this a lot (sometimes I catch myself being elitist)


There's a million other things but I need to go to bedWait, what exactly are you saying is Fe? Strong theory of mind? Having theory of mind at all? Enjoying the office? Or the maker of the video?/r/rupaulsdragrace best community ever. My sisters.

/r/threekings those rituals make fun reads so long as you suspend your disbelief

/r/ainbow so nice.

/r/ladyboners cause hot menz

/r/changemyview sometimes good for conversation

/r/civ 

/r/forwardsfromgrandma /r/EnoughTrumpSpam /r/shitredditsays Yeah, I'm one of *those* people

/r/makeyourchoice really good for just imagining things

/r/wholesomememes cause we could all use some positivity*Sigh* yeah that's what it seemed to me as well. Yes this. I'm a Spanish speaker so I don't say N-E, for example, I say "Neh" with the 'e' like in 'chef'. And I say Ni like "Knee" or kind of like the knights who say "Ni!" 

This usually means that I mess up the article in front of cognitive functions (e.g "a Ne user" rather than "an Ne user")I'm fascinated by paranormal/spiritual/esoteric/occult things. 

This question is difficult. I don't know how else to put it other than:

I don't believe in paranormal things at all but I 100% believe in paranormal stuff.
I like your analogies! Could I make some ammends?

I would set it up as neither type leaves their little planet, however each type uses different equipment.

Fe uses these *huge* radio antennae and gigantic satellite dishes that receive signals from all around the galaxy. With them the Fe user knows what's happening all the time.  They're also able to broadcast their own signals to join the continuous galactic conversation.

Fi users use the same telescope you mentioned. Very powerful, laser powered even but finds it much easier to focus on a single object than many. With this they can measure and reason about the feelings and motivations of their object.Cause even though all those things may sound very annoying they will bring you a new perspective, which coming from someone you love will broaden your horizon and enable to experience life in a different way :)It's not that we need help with these it's that you'll bring your own wealth of little and big things to put up with and love as well. There's much to want from ENTJs!I partied a bit yeah! Who would have known the theater kids drank that freaking much?I'm also a dude but get me the most INFP motherfucker.

Get child that's too far gone the INFP cliff and give 10/10 most idyllic childhood imaginable but don't give any sort of tools to deal with the adult world in any way. Get old, call also old INFP donor and eat popcorn together as we watch that miserable creature struggle through their adult years.

Ok I wouldn't really do this at all but imagine if you did?Hey! Remove the indentations in the source. Reddit formats lines starting with whitespace as code. 

Notice that usually no indentation is used on reddit. Also, personally it upsets me when people fail to acknowledge their own subjectivity. Like when someone calls their opinions 'objective truth'. It's like they're not even 30% as objective as they think they are, nobody is objective and as soon as someone calls themselves objective they close themselves off to growth.I don't see what's confusing, these results are pretty plainly INFP, yes there's high Ni but a) Ni is generally not well represented in cognitive function tests and b) it's not like an INFP wouldn't use Ni or Fe, but that they're not preferred over Fi and Ne.

More telling than anything, low scores in Se and Te, which are relevant for the INFP in that Te is the inferior, and Se is the vulnerable/point of least resistance. EDIT: Oh I probably answered this wrong, this is mostly about how the types can be annoying when they're succesful rather than whether or not types are comfortable and capable in the spotlight/the top.

There's no real easy answer to this, but I can try to approach it from various angles.

Every type can become unhealthy and smug, each one in different ways. 

**TJ**s (dom/aux Te) manifest unhealthy superiority complexes in the form of believing themselves to be more rational than people around them. NTJs see themselves as playing chess while everyone else is playing checkers, and STJs see themselves as the only people with "a shred of goddamn common sense". They're usually right, if I made a company you bet I'd want a big portion of the upper management to be TJs. They can be annoying when they're right, when they're truly smarter, and when they're successful. It's mostly because they're not shy about being better than other people, and letting other people know. Succesful TJs can make you feel like worthless garbage with incredible ease. TJs can not only look down on those they see below them but also almost despise them.

**FP**s usually see their superiority in terms of moral correctness/purity and uniqueness. And granted, Fi users are skilled at moral reasoning and often exhibit tons of depth, but that doesn't make their(our) smugness less annoying. Unlike the TJs, they won't outright tell you they feel/are superior, and will categorically deny any feelings of superiority when asked. This of course doesn't stop them from treating others as morally deficient or as plain/uninteresting/non-unique/shallow. This can obviously be infuriating and offensive. 

If TJs see others as lacking reason, **TP**s see others as lacking cleverness. The smarter TPs can run circles around you, and they frickin know it, the bastards. And when they win, they'll often taunt you from the finsih line. They will struggle winning with grace and that can often make them unlikeable. Their condescension, like FPs' can be irritating as heck. Not to mention that TPs are very fond of their little ~ questions ~ that, when they have upper hand, they can use to try to humiliate others. Mostly unable to be right without being at least a teeny bit dickish about it.

**FJ**s don't usually pride themselves in knowing more than you so much as knowing *better* than you. Their capacities as guides and counselors can easily become patterns of very very patronizing behavior. Fe users, perhaps more than anyone, are most prone to be the kinds that feel inclined to give out unrequested and unwelcome advice. FJs can be deluded into thinking they know others better than other's know themselves, and even though their insight into others is usually quite on point, it can lead them to infantilize others in very very annoying ways. FJs can also be prone to looking down at those without a social skill arsenal as large or developed as their own (i.e. awkward people)


Inferior Te.

Also despising people that are uglier than you is p mean and superficial &gt;:( but you prob already know that.I bet you give wonderful advice B-) B-)

There are pitfalls to be wary of though!

You've probably heard much about Ti vs Te. Ti likes to form complete paths within ideas, the intermediate steps are given as much importance as the conclusion. That's why Ti users are pretty good at debate, they can spot the intermediate and marginal parts of reasoning and dismantle them or reinforce them. Te is focused on the product and therefore is more nimble while going through problems and challenges, arriving to robust conclusions pretty efficiently. In short, Ti is process focused while Te is endgame focused. Being thinking functions, their realm is the impersonal.

Fi and Fe operate in much he same way but oriented towards people. Fi and Fe users listen to others in quite different ways. Fi takes in each step of the emotional/moral reasoning. Fe, from the second you start talking, is already processing the (person-oriented) endgame of your problem, issue, or whatever you're talking about. 

Fi errs often by getting sidetracked, by missing the point, and by not providing the sort of pragmatic solutions that might be neccessary. Fe can err by being too pragmatic about issues of the heart and by missing some nuance in the feeling process of others because of this fast conclusion-drawing.

That's the source of most Fi-Fe conflicts, I believe. I value my Fe friends' advice, but sometimes I just need another Fi to whine to. Well, think for a second of what Thinking vs Feeling really means: Impersonal vs Personal decision making. Why would it be any surprise that people-oriented people are quicker to hide their faults? 

In any case, I also kind of disagree? What constitutes a fault is purely subjective or at least dependent on your particular lens. I proudly reject an approach to life where decisions are based purely on empiricism and rationalism, and I'm proud to occasionally act or speak in ways that are guided by my personal, deeply held beliefs rather than what's useful or strictly logical. Both of those things would be marks of shame for most thinkers, and if they ever found themselves exhibiting those things they absolutely would rush to hide them.Avoiding confrontation is my expertise, I won't lie, but when you gotta, you gotta. See them in person (or by phone if that's not possible), open with genuine interest in them and their wellbeing (if you don't have any, pretend you do). You want to rule out the possibility that they're hurting and therefore acting out of character. With that, air your grievances sincerely. Make your tone diplomatic but be sure to communicate the effect of their choices on you. "I felt really hurt that..." "I really didn't like it when you..." "I was hoping that you'd..." and it doesn't hurt to put reaffirming phrases "We've been friends for a long time and I value our friendship" "I want us to be able to hang out peacefully again" "I'm not here to put you down". In short, be conciliating and diplomatic.

However, should they plainly reject that approach, by dismissing you, by showing unrelenting hostility, or by maintaining their denial of responsibility and wrongdoing after you've been honest with them, then grab your matches and set that bridge on fire. You can take that opportunity to say hurtful things, but you might regret them in the future or it may turn the situation into you looking bad, so tread carefully. Be curt if you have to end the friendship and make sure to notify your mutual friends before they do, whoever gets to tell the story first controls the narrative.

All that aside, this has little to do with MBTI B-) B-), hope you do well, good luck!I'll spare you the paragraphs on why this isn't enough to type someone and blah blah cognition blah blah stereotypes

1- ISFP

2- IxTP

3- ESFP1) I'm not usually the one organizing parties, no, but I love being part of em!!

2) I guess I would? If I have the money.

3) Yes of course! Bring em here!

4) Art is what I'm alive for.

5) Nope

6) Let me get dressed first, ho. I probably would? THough my answer kinda depends on who I'm going to be seeing and I have a philosophy paper due tomorrow.

7)Think then don't do, then overthink then mess up.

8) Drawing mostly! Some writing too. Is weed a hobby?Nice guess!

I type myself as INFP, though it could also be ENFP? I'm pretty certain that at least Se is not a function I usually prefer, I'm barely ever aware of my surroundings!I know, that's why I spared you of those paragraphs c:I edited it just after seeing that in the other post, I guess conscious and subconscious weren't the words I should've been using

Also neat J vs P post I'll give it a read!!Like when an IxTJ (for example) says something offensive and someone's offended, they *knew* that it was going to be inflammatory and have some idea *why* it was inflammatory (and said it anyway cause lol)

When an ExTP gets told something they said was offensive they're always like "????? I don't???? whut???". They are generally detached from a sense of inner values so someone objecting based on those grounds is a puzzling, incomprehensible, or frustrating. It also means that the ExTP is bored by and yeilding in discussions of personal moral belief and more than anyone hates it when you get all gooey with them (and that's why you should remind them that they are loved and valid just to see them not know how to even handle that)&gt;Generally they're just abusing it because it's funny to them how people get so riled when you say something voluntarily provocative, and might even fake to be surprised after deliberately provoking people just to call out the contradictions and lack of logic/objectivity that exist in these Fi reactions, and to give a more rational point of view on whatever topic is being discussed.

My eyes couldn't roll farther back into my head if they tried.Fi is a rational, decision making function based on a web of personal (as opposed to impersonal) facts. When making personal decisions, Fi users consult said internal web more than other inputs (external ones). New information must be assimilated into the web by finding its place, its relationship to other elements in the web and potential qualifiers (much like how Ti does it, but instead of lil factoids or whatever it's morals, values, ethics, feelings, relationships and people).  Fe on the other hand makes decisions by consulting something external to the self, a group, an environment, their loved ones. By that I don't mean that Fe users *ask* others, but rather that they *look at* others before making decisions not necessarily imitating but rather as sources of evidence, information. Fi would much rather look at itself and what it knows. Compare Fe's capacity to create *ad hoc* methods and tools to think about and solve relationship or emotional issues to Fi's lengthy quest for intimate understanding of these issues (rather than solutions necessarily).

A Fi users moral convictions are as central to their personality as a Ti users scientific or academic ones. Fi trades pragmatism and efficiency in the emotional decision making process (that Fe has) for depth and individuality, much like how Ti trades the pragmatism and efficiency of Te's solution driven approach for its more explorative and deepening approach to impersonal problems and solutions.

Fi users, though sometimes guarded on some level are usually always personable (I know close to none antisocial FPs, shy and awkward certainly, but misanthropic never) They are more agreeable than thinkers in general, but less agreeable than their Fe counterparts. "I am sad" or "I am angry" are reductive for Fi, everyone experiences cocktails of emotions but more than anyone Fi is not content reducing or ignoring complexities in that regard but rather prefers to unravel and explore them. Fi doms, IxFPs, are often artists or writers as those activities make for good exploration, revelation, and realization of profound emotional and personal experiences. 

Fi privileges motive and will usually attack motive first and foremost during an argument. Despite Fi's self focus it operates as a sort of bullshit radar for bad emotional or moral logic and tries to ensure that its own convictions demonstrate some level of sturdiness in that respect. In ExFP's, Fi's rationality allows them to create convincing arguments, to rile and inspire others and that's why you will notice many leaders are ExFP's from Mussolini to Fidel Castro. Fi is an engine of conviction that has driven and continues to drive many movements.

There's much more to say about Fi but this should give you an idea.No poblem! I would like to note howeve that "Depths of a horrible depression" is an ill state. Depression is a mood disorder, so even though personality will influence mental illness how it develops, what a person is thinking is altered by definition and those states are not really telling of how their dominant (or for that matter any) of their functions operate.Is this a joke? This is the worst description of the feeling functions I've ever read lmao. Feeling != emotion, first of all. **Feeling functions are logical.** They apply logic to personal things, to morals, to relationships, the the dynamics of people and humanity (which includes politics, sociology, psychology, and the arts), whereas thinking functions apply logic to impersonal things, to the sciences, to physical/mechanical/technical problems.

&gt;Ti/Te wants a reason to do things, they
can explain and justifiy their actions with logic while Fi and Fe use emotions, and as we know, ignoring the fact that
emotions are just chemicals in the brain

This is total garbage. Both of them want a reason to do things and both can explain and justify their actions with logic. The **premises** used by their logic will be different. Felling making use of ethical, moral, and philosophical premises, This is why a lot of writers, politicians, and philosophers are feelers, the can make robust  and logical arguments about things like why a governement decision is worth supporting or not (based on ideological grounds), why a relationship must be preserved or ended, why writing is captivating or not. 

Fi/Fe certainly wants a reason to do things, feelers are not simply acting based on the "emotion of the moment" which is how you seem to think. In fact, feelers are more adept at identifying, managing, and making something useful of their emotions, while thinkers are highly prone to be bested by them and have emotional outbursts. 

The rest of your comment is such trash I won't even address it.

You don't have to be an INxJ to bring your ideas into fruition? 

&gt;Like I'll have ideas for a creative essay or series of sculptures I want to make, but struggle with envisioning the process and outcome to be achieved.

I'm a visual artist and from my experience, there are multiple ways to go about creative projects. One is to identify a process, envision the result and then do all the steps like you said but the other one, and the one that other NFPs will stand by, is to throw yourself at it. Start sculpting. Start writing. As you write and as you sculpt you'll be able to envision the end result. If you are an NFP, brainstorming is your forte, make lots of sketches and thumbnails for your sculptures and vignettes for your writing. It's okay to not know the end result by the beginning, that's why it's the end result, you'll find it along the way.

Countless of NFPs are artists and writers and philosophers, and they didn't do it by trying to be more like others but rather by learning how to leverage the best qualities about themselves.

"The muse visits during the act of creation, don't wait for her, start alone" is fantastic advice from Roger EbertHAHAHAHA you really used the word triggered there

*Nice*I drew a birb
http://i.imgur.com/6bCMIWj.png

What that says about my personality is that I like birbsnot trying to say it's exclusive.Well T vs F is not the dichotomy of subjective vs objective, but rather Je vs Ji! 

Ti has a subjective approach to the impersonal. Ti rejects standardized methods and prefers to evaluate it's preferred standards (true vs false, logical vs illogical) using itself rather than what's widely agreed upon or widely upheld as the method for determining those things. Ti, like Fi, feels little compulsion to impose any of its conclusions on others or to impose them as the norm, rather preferring to make use of those conclusions into something that allows for further exploration and play. That's why Ti users are our tinkerers, our inventors, our reclusive scientists. Objective results are hardly a goal of Ti but rather a useful tool to contribute to a continuing development of their (ultimately subjective) development of a personalized approach to life. 

Fe is on the other hand has an objective approach to the world of the emotional and the personal. It likes consistent methods of determining people-truths (wants, needs, feelings, problems, relationships) and it wants to achieve objective understanding of the behaviors and feelings of others in order to either serve them and care for them or manipulate them. Yes indeed! Thank you for reading all of it! B-)The inferior is (as far as I've understood it) the function that is accessed and used mainly under stress. ExTJs become moody, they're unable to control their emotional state and can become self-loathing, self-pitying or self-effacing. They become super defensive and start closing up out of fear of being hurt further.Okay for one thing population statistics might be very wrong. Sample sizes are small, methods inconsistent, all that. So there isn't much of a reason to trust those. I think one set of numbers was produced by Isabel Briggs Myers but that aside they're not to be trusted.

But let's operate under the assumption that [these numbers](http://www.myersbriggs.org/_images/estimated_frequency_table.gif) are correct (form myersbriggs.org) then yeah bout 46.4% of people are SJs. Why?

The problem is **there isn't any data on how MBTI develops at all**. Like there is no evidence that it's hereditary so you couldn't really prove that there has been some sort of selective pressure towards SJs or even confidently speculate about it. It could be that the environmental or societal factors that produce SJ types are more common, but again we don't even know what impact society and environment have on MBTI. So in the end whatever explanation we come up with is nothing more than speculation, you see. And in the past, well that speculation on the internet usually becomes something like *"DAE SJs are sheeple lolololol"* so I try to stay away from it.

TL;DR: Nobody knows. Don't worry bout it.How dare you call me selfish, I can't believe you'd just go on the internet and make personal, directed attacks like that.There's a self-selection bias in internet polls, I think it's pretty widely accepted that INs more than anyone are likely to prowl the internet and participate in a poll like that than ~~someone who is a functional member of society~~ other typesI can't answer that, I don't stand by the 45% figure either but this is what myersbriggs.org (which reports a 46% figure for SJs) mentions as their source:
 
*The estimated frequency table was compiled from a variety of MBTI® results from 1972 through 2002, including data banks at the Center for Applications of Psychological Type; CPP, Inc; and Stanford Research Institute (SRI).*

Doesn't tell us much about methodology but I guess it's something, you could look up individual studies there.&gt;Dislike learning

Don't go to college. Seriously, you will hate your life for four years and it's not like college degrees offer a huge advantage nowadays (save for a few specific ones).

There are a bunch of [lucrative trades](https://www.trade-schools.net/articles/trade-school-jobs.asp) you can learn and work in. 

Honestly, if you don't really have passions and don't want to learn, most things in college will make you miserable. Additionally, careers in things like computer science, business administration, engineering, all the humanities, all the sciences and a bunch more require that you learn a lot of things on the job and on your own time, consistently, always.Then either

a) choose a degree with wide career options (engineering, CS, business, actuarial mathematics, whatever) and prepare to hate every moment of it but take comfort in that you'll have money.

b) choose something you can at least stomach for the coming years and get it out of the way until you can settle into a career that conforms to your expectations.Hi /r/mbti I hope this post doesn't violate any rules. I've been trying to type myself over the last couple of days, and while I have a vague idea of where I lie, I don;t have a definitive answer. I hope me filling this questionnaire I found elsewhere on the sub will help you help me!

***0). Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex, age, and current state of mind.***

18 gay male, quite relaxed at the moment and mentally healthy (I like to think, at least) There are some things coming up in my life that give me a little bit of stress, but I manage to not think about them much. 

***1). Click on this link: Flickr: Explore! Look at the random photo for about 30 seconds. Copy and paste it here, and write about your impression of it.***

[Pic
](
https://www.flickr.com/photos/brandonsphoto/27938929553/in/explore-2016-07-26/)
 
It's pretty neat I guess. I can't help but wonder how they did it. I've seen similar things when you put paint on speakers and let them go, but this looks like they just spilled them, which is much harder. I like the fact that it feels solid rather than liquid, you know, like it could be a rigid plastic sculpture.

It must have looked really silly to an onlooker when they took this picutre. I mean, some dudes spilling paint and taking a picture of it. Kind of how movie scenes with people dancing are filmed without music and it's only thew end result that looks cool and appealing but the process would look ridiculous.

***2). You are with a group of people in a car, heading to a different town to see your favourite band/artist/musician. Suddenly, the car breaks down for an unknown reason in the middle of nowhere. What are your initial thoughts? What are your outward reactions?***

I'd laugh I guess. That's a pretty amusing situation. I'd love to take the opportunity to chill with my friends until we can move on again. I'm thinking of friends and family that would immediately get super stressed/angry and I guess my first action would be to try to get them to relax. I won't be the one to get off and check the engine though. I wouldn't be much help.

***3). You somehow make it to the concert. The driver wants to go to the afterparty that was announced (and assure you they won't drink so they can drive back later). How do you feel about this party? What do you do?***

Sure let's go. I'd like it if the people in the group that I was with were also going to it. I'd of course have my reservations if I know the driver to be too fond of drinking, but I have several friends who are spectacular designated drivers, so I'd trust their assuring me that they won't drink with my eyes closed. 

***4). On the drive back, your friends are talking. A friend makes a claim that clashes with your current beliefs. What is your inward reaction? What do you outwardly say?***

I would cringe inside. I'd most certainly voice my dissent, but I'd also take into consideration my relationship with this person. If I would rather not fight (because knowing myself I'll probably end up in at least an argument) with this person because I want them to like me or I want to further our friendship I'd word it very lightly. If I don't care for the person or have a friendship that I consider close enough that a silly fight won't hurt us I wouldn't be afraid to be more vehement.

***5). What would you do if you actually saw/experienced something that clashes with your previous beliefs, experiences, and habits?***

I'd try to investigate more. My first reaction would be rejection and rationalizing it into my previous worldview, though, until I find glaring inconsistencies or someone points them out for me.

***6). What are some of your most important values? How did you come about determining them? How can they change?***

That justice matters. That I must not invalidate other people's feelings and others must not invalidate mine. That we must work to end structures of oppression in our societies, even if that work might sometimes be inconvenient to us when we're the ones in power. That we are all different and those differences make us powerful.

I guess I've just found these beliefs throughout all the things I've seen and read. I just found them to be the ones that feel right I guess. I was mistreated a lot growing up gay and I really wouldn't want that for anyone else. I don't think they can change either though I can see many ways that my thoughts about what justice entails or which structures of oppression are real and imagined can change.

***7). What about your personality most distinguishes you from everyone else? b) If you could change one thing about you personality, what would it be? Why?***

Oh boy that's a hard one. I'm really into thinking about my internal self, but since it's internal I don't know if other people are just as concerned with their own or not concerned at all, so that could be one thing.

As for b) I can be a bit smug sometimes, it'd be nice to tone that down. Also I'd like to be more disciplined, It takes a lot of work from me to be disciplined even about the things I like.

***8). How do you treat hunches or gut feelings? In what situations are they most often triggered?***

Very seriously. I'm a strong believer in that things can have good juju and bad juju. As in, if they make me feel uneasy I'll stay away from them. I won't eat at places that give me bad juju and I will buy clothes that have good juju. 

I don't *actually* believe in ghosts and goblins and whatever, but I 100% believe in them if that makes any sense. 


***9). What activities energize you most? b) What activities drain you most? Why?***

Having neat conversations with people I like. Being around people I like, even if we're not even interacting. I wanna be there watching a movie and talking through it or playing board games and card games. 

I also like to solve problems. Doing my homework or working on a programming project might be something I put off but once I start it's very very fun to keep doing. I really enjoy taking tests when I know the subject matter well, not only in the sense that it is satisfying but it's actually fun in and of itself.

I feel drained when I don't have anything to *do.* During vacations I can't wait to go back to class, I'm not very good at setting up things to do in my own time, and often will end up wasting it, even when I know I'd have more fun doing something else.

***10). What do you repress about your outward behavior or internal thought process when around others? Why?***

Uh well I used to be the kind of person that would approach factual mistakes with the dreaded *"But actually..."* and I found that it even irritated myself. Nowadays when I'm around people and they say something wrong I won't say anything. It's come to the point that I don't *want* to say anything anymore either.

I used to be very imprudent as well, so it often happens that I think of very imprudent comments/jokes, and some others that I'm on the fence about. So I constantly put those away.

I also repress calling out things that are minor and prejudiced. Like some a comment that's a bit racist, I'll definitely take note of it but I won't say anything, to not come off as someone you can't say anything to lest he finds something to be offended by.

---

So here you have it, me! Thanks for your help in advance :)

I'll be glad to answer any questions you have or if you need any clarification

Also if there are better typing methods/questionnaires I'm interested in hearing about them.
For example: Little Fi Moment

Once while playing Assasins Creed years ago I accidentally killed a beggar while trying to kill a nearby guard and felt bad about it for a week.So I made [this silly little guide](http://i.imgur.com/5PG3sGy.png) for fun. I'm sure there are other things quite like it but I hadn't seen a visual resource.

The focus is on the rules for building the stack and converting the 4-letter code into the functional stack, so it glosses over the meaning of the order of the stack and the definition of each cognitive function.

I'm of course open to all feedback and clarifying questions and I hope you find it to be accurate and useful!

EDIT: But of course, I made a typo in the title **Functional** Stack.EDIT: accidentally and uknowingly posted an unfinished version earlier, which I've deleted now. c:

Out of the four two-letter pairs in MBTI, I vs E is arguably the most important of the dichotomies. It tells whether a persons life is primarily focused inward or outward and that naturally has a massive effect in their temperament, behavior, and interactions with the world.The middle two dichotomies are very plainly understood. S vs N dictates how the person approaches reality (concretely/abstractly) and T vs F dictates their approach to decision-making (impersonal/personal).

The fourth dichotomy, P vs J, is often poorly understood and poorly explained. Casually, many reduce it to flexible vs inflexible or unorganized vs organized. However, I find those descriptions to be wildly inaccurate and not very useful. And that is unfortunate given that P vs J is probably the second most telling dichotomy after I vs E when it comes to temperament. Because of that, I'd like to talk a bit about its meaning and its merits.

MBTI defines P vs J broadly as "how you like to live your outer life". In terms of cognitive functions it refers to **whether the most preferred extroverted function is a Perceiving or a Judging function**. The nature of the first extroverted function is relevant to temperament and behavior because extraverted functions interact with the outer world   and are manifest through action and attitude while introverted functions interact with the inner world and surface by means of the the extroverted function. This means that across the board, P types will make decisions based on inner information and take information through conscious processes reliant on information external to the self. Likewise, J types will make decisions based on conscious processes that make use of external information and filter information into their inner self.

In terms of the first two functions this looks like this:

P types : Pe - Ji (E) or Ji - Pe (I)

J types : Je - Pi (E) or Pi - Je (I)

Now all that's good and everything, but what does it mean when it comes to cognition/temperament and most importantly **what are ways to differentiate between the two in oneself and others?** For that here's a table that compares cognition of the two in generalized ways:



Perceiving | Judging
---|---
**Indecisive,**  needs time to mull things over. the inner world is generally confusing and it works in primarily implicit ways. P types may find themselves having difficulty explaining exactly why something is right or wrong or why they chose one thing over another | **Decisive,** quickly and consciously takes decisions. Finds it easy to explain reasoning behind choices and specific external information used to reach conclusions. Easily sifts through information, finding what's useful.
**Goals are implicit** Focus is on a process that is oriented towards seeking new ways to achieve and measure success.  | **Goals are explicit** Focus is on a process that is oriented towards fulfilling pre-defined standards of success.
**New information is actively assimilated into psyche** Information is **fed into** judging function to reinforce or challenge pre-existing judgements |**New information is passively assimilated into psyche** Information is **pulled out** of safekeeping in the mind when the judging function requires it.
**Idiosyncratic** in behavior and beliefs, chooses what appeals to inner, unspoken standards|**Pragmatic** in behavior and beliefs, chooses what appeals to measurable standards of usefulness and correctness.
**Attempts to refine subjectivity** in order to achieve novelty and uniqueness |**Attempts to eliminate subjectivity** in order to achieve objectivity and correctness.
**Reads with wide lens** is searching for relationships|**Reads with narrow lens** is searching for solutions

We're all well aware of the tiresomeness of intuitive bias. The belief that some functions and types are *better* or *smarter* than others is both preposterous and often transparently an exercise in smug self-satisfaction. 

I've also noticed a particular trend of **thinker bias**. Repeated accusations that feelers only argue by insulting their opponents, that they put emotion over reason, that they are overall less adept at debate and structured thinking than their thinker counterparts are often flown in this subreddit and other MBTI communities.

This view is quite clearly and oversimplification of the feeling functions, and a literal interpretation of the word "feeling" that ultimately leads to incomplete and frankly dishonest views about feeling processes. These views also lead to many feelers mistyping as thinkers, since the use of "logic" and "reason"  as T typing criteria is ultimately a poor standard. Those are both perfectly usable and intact faculties in feelers. 

I want to directly address these misguided beliefs and discuss the strengths of the feeling functions, aside from the conveniently simple *"you make pretty art :)"* or *"you're good at being nice to people :)".* I will also discuss some critical weaknesses of thinking functions outside of *"you can be inconsiderate &gt;:("*

----

My most important point here is that Fe, Fi and Te,Ti are equally rational, structured functions, their key difference is **the domain that they reason about**.

Both Ti and Fi seek to create consistent, coherent networks of information using idiosyncratic, internalized rules. Ti creates networks of **impersonal** information and relationships, while Fi creates networks of **personal** information and relationships. Both employ their logical faculties in creating these networks. A critical mistake that thinkers make, (often as a result of their devalued feeling fuctions) is the belief that emotions, feelings, and tastes cannot be *reasoned about*. You will often find thinkers describing the world of feelings and morality as a random, unpredictable, and confusing realm. Feelers see this much differently. While these subjects aren't as perfectly predictable or schematizable as those in natural science or mathetmatics, they exhibit patterns and internal logic that feelers are able to reason about.

Both Te and Fe seek to achieve results by reasoning about information in their respective domain. Like above Te uses **impersonal** standards of success, like increases in income or improvements in various metrics and Fe uses **personal** standards, like the satisfaction of people around them or the harmonization of a relationship. Both mobilize resources, strategize carefully, and focus on drawing a straight line between their assets and their outcomes. Te users are often unable to see how the interpersonal successes of Fe users improve their living conditions and social/professional standings just as much as their own optimizations and enterprises. 

---

One big structural problem in addressing these beliefs is Ti and Te user's notion that their rational processes are inherently objective and correct. Both processes are ultimaely subjective and heuristic, prone to bias and shoddiness.

Ti is not synonymous with formal logic systems, like propositional logic or predicate logic. Or at the very least, it does not imply competence in the usage of these systems. You will find many xNTPs and xSTPs in the ranks of flat-earthers and conspiracy theorists. These individuals enjoy systematizing impersonal information and creating "explanations" and "understandings" of various interrelated topics and phenomena. And yet, they also commit critical reasoning mistakes, they ignore or rationalize information for the benefit of their existing schemas and may end up believing their understanding of reality to be synonymous with reality itself. Ti is just as idiosyncratic as Fi is, but unlike Fi it is often incapable of understanding the relationship between their feelings and their beliefs, instead insisting that said beliefs are born entirely out of objective reality. 

Te is not synonymous with strategic prowess and correct analysis. Te users are vulnerable to critical misappraisals of their unknowns in their calculations. You will find many xSTJs and xNTJs in the ranks of "temporarily embarrassed millionares" as they find that their plans are inconsistent with both overt and covert mechanisms of society and the economy. A marked lack of adaptability in light of unexpected or ambiguous information may result in their prescriptions collapsing upon themselves. Te seeks as much comfort and harmony as Fe does, but unlike Fe it can seek that comfort in areas that will not yield to them, making the Te user feel wronged and bitter. 

---

When we take emotions and feelings not as infantile whims but as important and influential mental states, we can more easily see how they are realms worth reasoning about. Social relationships and emotional management play a key role in the success and health of an individual. Further, it has been posited and substantiated that [ the cognitive complexity of social interactions and social reasoning is a big reason why human brains are big and juicy](https://royalsocietypublishing.org/doi/10.1098/rspb.2013.1151)  (also known as Social Brain Hypothesis.)  Social interactions are a [key predictor of cognitive decline in older adults.](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5651375/) while [brain games and logic tasks have not demonstrated such a strong relationship](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2223056/), which in turn [resulted in a famous lawsuit.](https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/press-releases/2016/01/lumosity-pay-2-million-settle-ftc-deceptive-advertising-charges)

Social reasoning abilities and the capacity to anticipate or create mental states can give feelers an edge in arguments and debates, particularly in those with an audience. Being able to craft a more believable narrative can result in a more convincing argument that a string of facts, and can often result in views that are more nuanced and adaptable than those argued for by thinkers. Being able to connect argumentative positions to moral beliefs is a particular strong suit of Fi users, which in its worst forms may result in an unsubstantiated accusation (*"you're a bad person for believing that!"*) but in its best forms can result in a devastating indictment of a position. Being able to anticipate the disposition of a group of people towards a person or a position is a particular strong suit of Fe users, which in its worst forms may result in a popularity contest, but in its best forms can result in rousing, well substantiated rhetoric that reveals deeper truth.

---

My point with all this being that the scores of excellent speakers, successful politicians, influential philosophers, and iconoclastic personalities among the ranks of the feelers show how simplified views of feelers and their abilities are short-sighted. Feeling  functions are not thinking functions' less intelligent more infantile counterpart, but rather their moral and social counterpart.  Thinkers do not have a monopoly on reason and logic, and any person advocating as much should leave aside their arrogance and attempt a more holistic perspective on cognition.

Thank you for reading!1. Games are about **trials**. I want to overcome difficult skill challenges set by the deveopers.
2. Games are about **competition**. I want to be pit against others and prevail over them.
3. Games are about **freedom**. I want to be able to explore and do whatever I want.
4. Games are about **expression**. I want to be able to show my individuality by making creative choices.
5. Games are about **socializing**. I want to be able to use them as means to meet and interact with others.
6. Games are about **mechanics**. I want to play around with and optimize or exploit interesting and complicated systems.
7. Games are about **narrative**. I want to be told a great story through the interactive medium.
8. Games are **uninteresting**. I want to consume other media.

It's likely that you agree with more than one, if so, which are most important to you?

EDIT: some other options

1. (9)  Games are about **aesthetics**. I want to be delivered a stunning visual or auditory experience.
2. (10) Games are about **completion**. I want to complete everything and collect everything.
3. (11) Games are about **escape**. I want to be distracted and take my mind off things.

PS. If I get a good sample, I'll make a dataset and visualize any correlations in another post.Honestly, despite the "golden rule" you can't conceive of social interaction completely in a "I'll treat you how I'd like to be treated" sort of way. Even if, say, something wouldn't upset or embarrass you, that doesn't give you license to upset or embarrass others with it. 

In linguistics, there's this concept of sociopragmatics, or the usage of language in life's social interactions, like informing a coworker that they have bad breath. Competent speakers can communicate this while preserving (at least some of) the listeners face, preventing conflict or embarassment. The reason the words "pragmatic' and "competent" are in there is that individuals derive objective benefits from maintaining good social links, and navigating tricky situations well.

Upsetting, embarrassing, or offending people too intentionally or too regularly is usually the result of some anti social tendency or social incompetence, neither of which are desirable.
You're absolutely right about personal attacks being defense mechanisms, but I think the way you frame it is not necessarily the best. I'm not sure it's right to assume that whenever people get upset at an argument you make, it's because they know you're right and can't handle the truth or that they have no real arguments. It's a kind of self-serving assumption that not only places all the responsibility of the negative interaction on them but also holds that you're always correct in the "truths" you lay on them.

While it's never appropriate to devolve to personal insults, consider what if:

~ Your argument was phrased in such a way that it constitutes a [positive face threat to the listener](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Politeness_theory#Positive_face-threatening_acts), causing backlash

~ The "personal truth" you tried to asses is, to them, pretty clearly a wrong interpretation based on incomplete-at-best information about their personal life and problems.

~ They don't want to engage in discussion with you/they do not consider this an appropriate setting

~ They don't like you

---

That said, you're right, there's more to those phrases, but I'm convinced that  "not doing feelings" and "not caring that you upset people" can easily be undesirable and detrimental if they're bad enough, and the post is right in framing them as something to work on for some people.

I see what you mean, no worries.

Honestly, I'm all for questioning people and it's the best way for both parties to learn something new. However, I'd also suggest that you make more generous assumptions about their beliefs. Just because they can't walk you through the logic or they might not have the words for it, doesn't mean that logic is absent or invalid. Instead, since your purpose is curiosity, try to find questions they *can* answer and see what you can learn about their thinking from that. 

[Armor-piercing questions](https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/ArmorPiercingQuestion) are fun, but there's a reason Socrates was executed: the harder questions always constitute a challenge (to authority, to intellect, to morals etc.). I'm certainly of the belief that we should question everything, but I also understand why poking and prodding can frustrate, annoy, and anger.

Sometimes the juicy question leads you to learning *less*, because your phrasing or timing or tone causes the listener to disengage or turn to personal attacks. 

I do wanna say though, to clarify, I think upsetting or offending people might certainly be warranted in some circumstances, and some good, tough questions are always worth asking no matter who they may upset. Even if Socrates got himself killed, I don't mean to imply he was foolish to upset people, but that questions can be sociolinguistic weapons, and not exercising caution can have you hurt socially and physically.

Hmm, I don’t know which side you’re frustrated by but I’d be frustrated by someone who says their opinions or the way they’re talking about them is “objective”.Those aren’t opinions though. I’m not suggesting people’s positions are equivalent but that tagging your *opinion* as objective is absurd, because adopting a position is a subjective process.

Some positions have more factual basis than others, some hold more internal validity and external validity, and that leads to more robust and defendable positions but not acknowledging the inherent subjectivity of your mental processes is just intellectual arrogance.I don’t follow your argument. Just because we are incapable of true objectivity doesn’t suddenly mean our heuristic processes can be said to be objective. And it’s especially the case that not “everything” can be objective, that is a preposterous notion. Art cannot ever be objective, as Art cannot exist without subjects. Morality cannot exist without subjects either. 

“Objective” is a misnomer. By calling something objective you’re invoking epistemic authority you cannot possibly achieve. By calling a heuristic process “objective” you’re being intellectually dishonest.

That is, we can be systematic in our knowledge, we can achieve useful predictions, we can make robust and weak arguments. But objectivity is a much stronger claim than we can make. 

For example “gravity is a force” leads to systematic knowledge and useful predictions, but is ultimately a subjective framing of a natural process. Such subjectivity must be understood and acknowledged in order to not overextend our epistemological claims.&gt;Just because something is man made or has a purpose for us or we give it a definition doesn't mean that it is automatically subjective.

Lmao that's what subjective ultimately boils down to. Subjective things and properties are those that can only be instantiated by a *mind* (a.k.a. a subject). Things that necessitate reference to a cognitive frame in order to exist are subjective. Without a mind to give a fork purpose, a piece of metal with prongs cannot have a purpose. Without a mind to deem something as "good", it cannot possibly be good in itself. You literally just described the very epistemological and ontological definition of subjectivity.

&gt;We and other animals use art as a tool as well as morals for defined purposes, there is a logical base for both behaviors as a living being.

A logical base does not imply objectivity, nor does "defined purposes". That's where your argument falls apart, you're confusing frames and using an incredibly loose definition of objectivity (one that does not actually appear to be based on a solid epistemoloigical frame). We use art and morality for specific purposes but art cannot be art without a *subject* to **regard it as art**. Transporting *Guernica*, molecule by molecule to a hypothetical universe without people would mean it ceases to be art because the framework under which it can be said to be art is nonexistent, **"Art" is not a property of the canvas or of the paint on it, it is a label that exclusively exists in the mind of the audience**. That means that art cannot objectively be art. 

The ship of Theseus precisely deals with the problem of identity being extrinsic to objects. Being the *Argos* is not a property of the boards that make the ship or of any physical element of the ship, the ship of Theseus is the *Argos* and remains the *Argos* because **Theseus calls it the** ***Argos***. Its identity comes from a subject, it is not contained in the object. 

&gt; even your vavourite color is objective as long as your brain funktion gets observed while looking at it.

Congratulations, this is the most ridiculous thing I've ever read. I literally have a degree in Cognitive Science, and I can tell you with absolute certainty that no brain scientist worth their salt would EVER say that a subjective experience (like liking a color) is objectively determinable from brain activity. You're trying to simplify the entire field of phenomenology and brain imaging in a rather ignorant way. You're also implying the existence of universal neural correlates that we simply have not found. Moreover, [color itself is a mix of physical properties and subjective experience](https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/color/), based around our perception, not at all an objective property of an object. Some wavelengths of light can be called Red, but the reflective spectra that create the experience of "redness" in your mind are infinite. Therefore "redness" can only really be defined in terms of human perception, aka subjective experience. 

You are speaking wayy out of your depth here, and it shows. My argument isn't that subjective things are those we cannot understand fully, but I'm making an ontological and epistemological argument, where subjectivity is that that necessitates a cognitive frame. So far you've not operated under any sort of solid definitional foundation for objectivity, instead appealing to vague notions of something being "logical".

A piece of metal with prongs can objectively and intrinsically have a mass of one hundred grams (as deifned relative to the mass of Carbon 12),  but it cannot objectively and intrinsically be a "fork", that is a subjective label.Haha if you’re serious I really don’t mean to make you hate yourself, I’m just kinda vehement when arguing. It’s was a good talk, dude, cheers.Don't feed the trolls.I tend to disagree with the usage of logic there, though. Ethics can and should be logical. My summary is:

Feeling is the logic of the personal.

Thinking is the logic of the impersonal.IQ is also not a great metric of general intelligence, and the current state of brain science questions the notion that  a general intelligence factor (*g*) exists and is easily and concretely measured. Several people in the field psychometrics outright reject the existence of such a *g* factor. (This includes Stephen Jay Gould, author of the popular book *The Mismeasure of Man*, which deals with this very topic)

Intelligence is a very complex faculty, and there exists no single dominant or conclusive schema of intelligence in modern cognitive science. Anyone claiming otherwise is simplifying an extremely complicated field.Online dialogue on sensors is often misguided and presents them as somehow inferior. That is no ridiculous belief. 

If you'd actually like to make a point instead of snide comments, I would welcome that. I thought the common belief was feelers that argue via insults and passive-aggression, but I suppose that's wrong too.This [old meme](https://i.imgur.com/s9o5DJd.jpg), is a very old, very famous example. It's been circled unironically in certain type-specific communities (in this case, an ENTJ facebook group).In my experience, that praise is reactive, intuitive bias has been discussed for years. I see how that’s anecdotal though. Overall my point with bringing that up is that claims of superiority are baseless and absurd.In my experience, feelers more readily acknowledge their own subjectivity but may still express their positions as absolutes. Varies case by case of course.hahaha, it's exactly that attitude that you only really see in feelers, but it has its advantages when it comes to adaptability. If you were to believe yourself to be master of all facts and all logic, imagine how hard it would be to change your mind about anything (even when you're wrong).okLol ok dude
I love being drunk, it enhances (even more) my sociability with people. I turn into (more of) a prankster and kinda just like to keep up running jokes throughout the night, of course all in good fun. Even when I'm drunk I'm not too much of a fan of getting emotionally intimate or engaging in the stereotypical wear-my-bleeding-heart-on-my-sleeve thing. The only way I will get engaged is through any Ne conversation and at that point I will talk anyone's ears off.  I typically wake up the next morning and remember drunk things I did the night before and feel really self-conscious but ultimately don't care. I do this as an Ne-dom. It may be a false-conclusion to say this is an Ni trait. Thoughts? Funny story. I posted a few months ago about my best friend who I believed to be an ENFP, though with marked differences from myself that was making the whole thing complicated. I posted here, got some excellent insight, and came back and paid greater attention and realized that I'd been mistyping my ESFJ friend as an ENFP because our dynamic was such that his strong Fe was reflecting my strong Ne in a way that made me feel like he was genuinely and truly on the same mental wave-length I was with some things, but in all reality, he was simply validating and connecting with me, regardless of the actual ideas. Additionally, we are both such high energy individuals in general and love connecting with eachother and with others, however I now realize that this is probably due to our shared extroversion, and that we are drawn to connecting to others for different ends (Fe vs. Ne differences).  It's an extremely complimenting trait in Fe-users, but also is kind of cryptic. It was pretty cool when I had this reflection for the first time. Anyways -- yeah -- I think sometimes exuberant ESFJs can be mistaken for exuberant ENFPs sometimes. Two long-term relationships in the face of years and years of casual hookups with girls I never knew well enough to type. First gf was an INTJ which was hot, but after 3 years I realized I was a lot more invested and it was a bad bad time. Current girlfriend of 3 years is an ISFP and it's much better, interestingly enough!!!!!ENFP, anything super thematic. I kinda like some Tim Burton stuff, but also love Coen Bros productions, shows like Peaky Blinders - anything that provides a thematic glimpse into a certain flavor or style and is unique. I usually can't target any certain genres. It's definitely an ENFP thing. Our Ne feeds new input into our minds and our aux Fi filters it and tries to discern which pieces are important in regards to identity. It's just really, really complicated when your Ne runs a million MPH and your Fi is really picky. Also -- the ENFP stereotypes as fun-loving, always-giggling, rainbow fluffy glitter pony-riding cupcakes definitely complicates things. It's not MBTI that is inherently problematic. It's the nature in which people over-/misapply it. 
edit: Holy Jesus, don't ever give an ENFP two cups of coffee and ask them their thoughts on ASOIAF typology. This is a long one boys....

I've read the series twice now and am up to date with the show. 

In the books, I'd speculate this: 

Arya: Te-Fi axis for sure, but also has some Se (though possibly an inferior function brought out by circumstance). I wonder if her connection with Jon is due to their shared Fi. Her Te is also clear as day. For these reasons, I'd probably have to agree with you on ESFP who developed her tertiary Te at a relatively early age through extenuating circumstances.

Sansa: Fe, Si 100%. ESFJ or ISFJ. 

Jon: interesting discussion ITT; I was always a little reluctant to believe he was an IxFP, but hearing arguments towards ISTJ honestly make a lot of sense the more I think about it. He has an IxFP demeanor (brooding, introspective, that [in-pain look that we all know from the show](https://67.media.tumblr.com/f5eb6e99d285f7b7388b65e92f12d172/tumblr_o9ezbjLXHC1uyavpao2_500.jpg)), but from his POV chapters in the books, he really **is** more ISTJ. Si in how he is always inclined to relate things back to Eddard (Si) and his honor, etc. His tertiary Fi, I believe, probably manifested either as a cause or an effect, from his constant identity struggle and his coping with being a bastard. His Te is evident as he grows into adult-hood. He honors Qoran Half-hand's instructions, he sends Gilly and Sam south with Rayder's true baby (secretly, sorry for spoilers?) - he basically does what needs to be done. While I'm not completely sold that he IS an ISTJ, this is at least a very compelling perspective that excites me. 

Ned Stark: ISTJ 

Cersei: Unhealthy ESFJ; toxic Fe

Jaime Lannister: ISTP; edit: Jaime mentions a few times that he is only truly happy when he's on the battle-field "riding the thin line between life and death"...is kind of how the quote goes from a Storm of Swords, and he constantly thinks, in his chapters, about having sex with Cersei and typically describes such things in great descriptive detail. He's sort of a thrill/pleasure (or pain) seeker. It's evident to me that this is his dom/aux Se. 

Tywin: ENTJ (a true Machiavellian character) 

Tyrion: ENTP; what an interesting character, pretty hallmark health ENTP if you ask me. He's pretty high-level and flexible while never being truly committed to any sort of idea or plan (low Ni), he kind of meanders around and sticks his Ti into situations to correct, debate, argue, and instruct people on what is true or untrue. He has a very clear way of logically explaining phenomenon. His Fe is pretty decent as well - he naturally empathizes with Sansa's struggle and understands the Stark's plight even though they are at dialectic opposition to his own family in the show (high Fe). Overall, I've always seen him as the only true moral compass in the show. His Ne makes him unassuming, patient, and reluctant to make rash judgments on people or situations, his Ti allows him to provide one of the only sources of logic in all of the situations he finds himself in. Sometimes I feel that this is almost Ni. And his Fe makes him truly a moral, good person. He's such an interesting "outsider" in Westeros because of this. 

Daenerys: ISFJ. Come on, INFP? That's romanticizing her. She's totally Si-dom (this is the way things *should* be, slavery *should* be outlawed*, she is ever-curious of her dead siblings and parents and what they would have done, i.e. what is *traditional* for her). Her Fe leads her decisions; she is constantly seeking to "right" the wrongs of the world around her, striving towards what she perceives to be a moral absolute (constructed and generated through her Si). This makes her a pretty cut-and-dry, uncompromising individual who, according to her POV chapters in the books, seldom has any internal conflicts with herself or her decisions. It's very much like *here are the facts, here is how it needs to be, so I am going to do this to accomplish what I know is right and fair*  
...Do you know, or have you ever read anything that alludes to, any INFPs having these dispositions? I don't. 

Stannis: INTJ

Davos: TEXTBOOK ISTJ (and possibly my favorite character) 

Bran: ISFP; absolutely a sensor. Don't confuse his green-seeing ability with iNtuition. From the books, Bran is portrayed as having more concrete thinking patterns, slightly curious, observant. He's a pretty simple character honestly (not implying ISFPs or sensors are simple). He's much more concerned with his present circumstances than with the past, future, contingencies, or possibilities. 

Sam Tarly: Not Ne/Fi. It's very, very obvious to me that he has Ni, Fe, Ti, thus INFJ, ENFJ. His affinity for intellectual pursuits, understanding, and perspective seems to be the result of his dom/aux Ni and inferior Ti. I really can't see **any** Te in him, and perceive that he probably has low Ne as well. 

Brienne: Probably an ISTJ IMHO; a perfect representation of a dutiful sentinel led by Si and Te. She low Fe and Fi, but I imagine lower Fi. She's simplistic in her call of duty, never questioning what has been assigned to her and always remembering and abiding by the conditions that had been established previously (Si), and will go to extreme measures to make sure she doesn't break from this (Te). ESFP...really? No offence OP, but that is probably the one I have the most trouble with in your analysis. 

Varys: The more I read, and especially considering the epilogue of ADWD, I have this conspiracy theory that Varys is the master puppeteer who schemed and orchestrated a majority of **everything** political that happens in the storyline. I won't elaborate too far into why I have that theory here, but I have never ever doubted that he is Ni-dom. Now, I want to initially type him as an INTJ, but the truth is, we don't know Varys well enough to see his natural, unstressed, true personality. I could see all of this as Fe (afterall, what happened to him was truly horrific, and he may have some greater moral reason for pitting the Lannisters against everyone and purposefully creating chaos to open the doors for (dare I say) a Targaryen to pull a Julius Caesar and rise to power amidst all of the destruction and pandamonium...but I digress....). Long story short, the dude is a schemer and a visionary. His knack for perspective is unprecedented among most other characters in the book, but I do not have enough information to understand his decision-making processes to lean towards Te or Fe. 

That's basically all I'll do for now - sorry this is so long and not supported with examples. Take this with a grain of salt, we ultimately are trying to type fictional characters in a *highly* stressed, unnatural world where everyone has had horrific things happen to them. 

Also - one last note - I think that GRRM's writing style emphasizes creating as real a mix of characters as possible. I think there are a lot more Sensors in the story than people think, which is consistent with our own reality. GRRM does a great job at capturing this authentic dynamic. 

Yeah I could not agree more. There are multiple factors at play. 

For starters, test-taking subjectivity is ubiquitous. Second, the majority of people who "know" about Myers-Briggs have very basic, rudimentary Keirsian stereotypic astrology-esque understandings about the 16 types. This method of typology is not conducive to actual type realization. 

Considering my first two points regarding test-taking subjectivity and a lack of a true understanding of MBTI, it is no wonder that a lot of people mis-type of such types as ENFP. They answers the stupid questions in ways they **want** to see themselves, and then may go on to read Keirsian type descriptions, further fostering how they see themselves in a certain way. Keirsian typology describes ENFPs as the hallmark fun-loving, happy-go-lucky, spontaneous, bubbly, exuberant folk. 

...But who the hell isn't that way from time to time? Especially for extroverts, ANY type behaves this way, and many people probably subjectively perceive themselves in this light. This is faulty because it's all behavior based analysis.  

I've even encountered this personally. I have a few close friends who I truly believed were ENFPs initially - they even typed out as such - but the more and more I probed and thought about it, the more I realized that many different types masquerade as ENFPs. The most significant case was an ESFJ (I believe it is quite common for ESFJs to mistype as ENFPs). People do this. Behavior is always stressed in some way or another - **people do not always act in ways that are inherent and true to their personality**. There is an infinite amount of internal and external factors that act on behavior, all unique to the individual. My theory is that a lot of people have conscious or subconscious motives for acting certain ways. To deal with confidence issues, to deal with anxiety, to deal with depression, to deal with not fitting in, to deal with god-knows-what. How could we ever think that studying behavior alone could lend to objective analyses of temperament? 

What to take away from this that has practical value is that the Keirsian method is reductionist, over-simplified, and relies on a methodology that is actually inaccurate (observing behavior and labeling it as a type). Leave Keirsian typology for Buzzfeed. 

Lastly, as an INFP used to say a lot on an MBTI forum that I used to be obsessed with, most people use MBTI to feed their narcissism. That always stuck with me.   Interesting opinion, ive never had a reason to doubt my ENFP-ness (hehehe). I've always typed out with rock-bottom Ti and sky-high Ne and Fi. I don't know if I'd attribute my above statements to Ti per se, but rather towards stuff I've read In books and courses I've taken. I've been doing this stuff for 15ish years now so that was sort of just what I perceived to be the most widely-held perspective in cognitive psych now-a-days. It's less-so my internal analysis and more me regurgitating some of the major themes I've realized held the most value and attempting to look smart. I tend to think of this more an Ne-perspective sharing (I.e. Here is what is widely accepted, but look! Here is a different way of thinking about it!!! Consider it if you will). 

As for your brother, I'm not sure it's that good of an idea to compare me, who you don't know, to him. Anyways, from what you described, wouldn't that be more Ne? I hope he keeps rocking out in his own way and I'm sure that confidence will come and that he'll begin to take pride in the fact that he's not adhering to norms.Sorry, I'm on mobile at the moment. The first book I ever read on MBTI was a book called "Please Understand Me" in which Keirsey describes the 16 types and gives them all names and describes each type in very stereotypic ways. It was a great intro to MBTI but when I learned functions soon after and that there were so many other facets to typology, I kind of realized Keirsian typology was kind of elementary. Anyways, here's a good website: http://www.keirsey.com/4temps/overview_temperaments.asp

It's cool stuff but in my opinion, there's no practical value to it. It's also boxy and compartmental and that really scares me.Yes, you put it into far better words than I did. This is exactly what I was trying to say!I feel like I get socially anxious when I don't share common interests with people I'm with or don't care about the things they're talking about or doing. That's why being drunk is awesome because you can pretend to know shit about football or who got voted off the bachelor or that you are a political guru and know EXACTLY what it will take for America to fix its current struggles. Confidence is key, and always fake it until you make it. The real question is...what house would Henry Potter have been sorted into? These are great ideas - keep it open and flexible, don't set a precedent or even a schedule, but rather engage everyone to bring topics, ideas, games to the table like a collective brainstorm. 

You could start off basic for those who are new, maybe doing a brief "lesson" at the beginning of every meeting and then after that find unique ways to engage everyone that don't even necessarily have to do with MBTI, but once everyone knows everyone elses types, you could do (dare I say) team-building exercises or games that way people can learn types through experiencing type dynamics play out in real time. Also, you could do like movie showings and then have discussions afterwards about them. 

Another idea - you could do an optional show-and-tell type thing where each time you meet, it's someone else's turn to show/talk about some of their hobbies, favorite movies, music, books, talk about ideas or future career aspirations - that way you're hitting two birds with one stone: showcasing types AND getting everyone to know each-other quickly. Most of the time I fantasize about turning off my phone but get distracted or find other reasons not to... but having one is so draining sometimes. Also, 4 is so spot on. I catch myself sometimes because I'll intentionally go against what someone has told me to do EVEN when I was never not okay with doing it. Like my girlfriend will tell me not to wear a shirt out and it's my natural inclination immediately to wear the shirt just because she told me not to...but when I think about it later I realize that I probably may have changed it anyways. I have always had a "I know what's best for me and you can't take away my agency" attitude and I can imagine it's really freaking annoying sometimes. This is similar to #10 as well. That's all very well and good, I just don't know how far that will take you. Hunches or snap judgments like yours, of a post where I didn't even talk about myself, make it seem like you have an alterior motive to debunking everyone's type. Or maybe it's just Ti mental masturbation. Whatever it is, if it works for you then hey it's not my place to say.Alright I concede. I'd always leaned more towards Ti but you paint a clear picture here. ALL ABOARD THE ESFP TRAIN. All over the board. Huge into sports but also music, got mostly A's until senior year when I got incredibly lazy. I had a ton of different friend groups all across the board so I wasn't easily classifiable, but it seemed like most people liked my company. High School was weird though, especially 9th-10th grade when that teenage Fi "who am I" angst really comes out. College was 100x more fun for me.

Additional reflection: I had a ton of "transformational" moments growing up, thinking I was this or that or thinking I'd found my "place" but I realized later, after HS, that I'm not a person to have a place anywhere and so I just started doing exactly what I wanted even if it lacked in consistency or didn't make sense to other peoples' notions of normal or typical.  Lately, I'd love to lead Archaeological excavations. I studied Anthro and Archaeology but professionally have strayed away from it into non-profit work. I fantasize about being off in some far-off corner of the earth with a team of passionate people doing archaeology, talking and learning and reconstructing the past, creating a picture or glimpse through time and space. Also, just being outside physically doing things would be so refreshing after so long cooped up in an office at a desk. My Te takes over everything and I see *AWESOME* resultsENFP 

everyone makes fun of me cause I kinda bounce a little when I walk, it's like a pep in my step. I definitely am looking at my surroundings and at people a bit, except having poorer eyesite means I can't recognize anyone unless they're 15 feet in front of me. 2 sounds like Ti right? The other ones, 1,3, &amp; 4 sound a bit like Fi right? It may be a good idea to study the cognitive axes (Fi-Te vs. Fe-Ti) to get a little more insight into who you feel you truly are. Yes - what you are talking about is exactly what I meant. 

And they don't, you're right. It's also tricky because both descriptions, quite honestly, can be applied to anyone of any type at some point or another. Don't you find yourself seeing a bit of both of those dynamics? They're a little vague. 

As for discerning between the two, you really have to evaluate yourself. I'd imagine you're probably pretty sure and comfortable with your dom Ne. The next step, I believe, is imaging which function filters it. What I mean is, Ne is like a large vessel through which you perceive the world (these are my words, not someone else's), it's like an intake valve and you've got a lot of stuff flowing in and it's like system overload to the max. Your aux function (Ti or Fi is what we're trying to decide) is the decider in what you retain and what you don't. As an ENFP, I am so overly-stimulated by ideas and possibilities, but what ends up sticking with me and what I pursue and keep is what my Fi decides is valuable to me. Ti, which I regretfully understand slightly less because I have pretty poor Ti, deals more with striving towards internal logical consistency. From what the Ne (fisherman) brings in, they pick and choose and make decisions in ways that add to a subjective (to that person) consistency that is logical and is a personalized method or strategy. 

Additionally, you may even want to reflect on which tertiary function you use (Fe or Te). For me, it's fairly easy to understand the conceptual differences between the two. Namely that Fe seeks the objectively moral harmony with the group, etc (this is an incredibly boiled down description). I always think of Te as Machiavellian, it is concerned with making decisions that are pragmatic, bring immediate tangible results, may seem impatient or hasty in decision-making, etc. As an ENFP, it was really interesting to see my Te emerge as I grew into adulthood. 

If a personal anecdote helps you at all, it was kind of like I went from being so "in-my-mind", full of angst, always thinking and fantasizing about things and who I was and imagining doing this, but seldom would take action or know how to bring these desires and fantasies to fruition. When I started developing Te (under extreme stress, unfortunately), it really changed who I was in the sense that I felt like I was actually being effective and acting on all that I'd dreamed about doing. It authenticated me because I finally was developing the inclination towards decision-making and action. Now, I'm an incredibly high-functioning individual and tend to be far more organized than I ever was growing up and am incredibly impatient. Being efficient and always looking for new innovative ways to accomplish what I want and dream is such an exciting endeavor. 

I hope this helps - I'd urge you to pay closer attention to other users' comments who probably have a much better theoretical understanding of cognitive functions, but those are the key to understanding yourself my friend. ISTP: [Great White Sharks](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjomqHbnuDNAhWErD4KHX2OCJAQjRwIBw&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fkids.nationalgeographic.com%2Fanimals%2Fgreat-white-shark%2F&amp;psig=AFQjCNG9gml8VOlm6Oz234HYp1p8HBeflA&amp;ust=1467942663566008) 

ISFJ: [Whale Shark](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjKp7zrnuDNAhXTCD4KHV2GCqMQjRwIBw&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.quasarex.com%2Fgalapagos%2Fanimals%2Fwhale-shark&amp;psig=AFQjCNGilk7kzTgPh39X20wBhBhaWY1L5w&amp;ust=1467942699578292) 

ISTJ: [Bull Shark](http://yourshot.nationalgeographic.com/u/ss/fQYSUbVfts-T7pS2VP2wnKyN8wxywmXtY0-Fwsgxpi6uzxb_6wVsJKJFBPqyPeKnlUiIL2H7OsQvA7KGwG2z/) 

ENTP: [Hammerhead Shark](http://kids.nationalgeographic.com/content/dam/kids/photos/animals/Fish/H-P/hammerhead-shark-underwater.jpg.adapt.945.1.jpg ) 

ESFP: [Tiger Shark](https://wideangle.smugmug.com/Portfolio/Portfolio-Fiona-Ayerst-based/i-TfwD7dk/1/S/tiger%20shark%20and%20freediver-S.jpg)

INTJ: [Dolphin](http://www.dolphins-world.com/wp-content/uploads/dolphin-main.jpg)

Yeah, that's right. I said it. ENFP: TJs 100% I'm always impressed by, and secretly worship in a certain light, the skill, finesse, and creativity I've seen demonstrated by ISTPs. Some I know are these true-neutral, unassuming, logical and extremely present characters...the types of characters you see in movies who most easily defeat the bad guys (I know this isn't necessarily true, this is just a general muse I've had). I used to be really into Lee Child's Jack Reacher books in which Jack Reacher is a true ISTP (imo). The dude is soooooo adept, competent, quick-on-his feat and extremely sharp and perceptive and calculating. There's also this James Bond level suavity and even-keeled-ness that is also just *so* cool to me. Yo - interesting post. After a little thinking, I definitely think Te dom/aux turns me on a lot. That's the only one I can think of. I really like the idea of someone bossing me around and I think I might have some sort of a fetish for being dominated ( to be clear, I am NOT referring to bdsm at all, just simply a strong Te dom or aux woman who tells me what to do. 

Fe dom/aux freaks me out to be honest, I remember I used to get with with this ESFJ for a bit and it was great when it was casual but really quickly our conversations turned to her trying to emotionally connect and engage me to the point where I got really uncomfortable and retracted. In sexual circumstances I do not want to be engaged that way - it really turned me off and things ended really quickly. 

From experience, Se doms are a little exhausting in the bedroom. *hello hello hello*....

Edit: alright, word, I realize you're probably a guy. Still though, I'm flattered.Jesus Christ you all have no idea how much anxiety this post gave me. How do I narrow it down? 

I really like chillwave currently. Washed Out has probably historically been my favorite. Also Tycho is really really far up there. I like some lesser-known chillwave synthpop stuff as well. 

I love Rage Against the Machine a lot, and I love the Doors. I just went through a brief Kinks phase. I used to listen to a lot of M83, older Flume, Cold War Kids, and even further back, I went through that angsty early 2000s punk rock phase where I was obsessed with Taking Back Sunday and similar bands. 

I also used to play a lot of Jazz and Classical when I was younger so I've always had an interest in both fields, which make great ambient music for studying, relaxing, cooking, chilling, etc. Bill Evans is at the top of my books. Check out Jade Visions pt. 2. Can't beat it. Yes, I would agree. 

I think it's very situational however, and probably a extroverted thing by and large with some types guilty of it more than others. I agree, it's responsive engagement; listening and speaking, it goes both ways. But like I said, for me I'm usually engaged when it's something important or interesting to me. Unfortunately, if the talk is mundane or trivial or if it doesn't do it for me, I'm usually just a really passive participant in the whole ordeal. But but but I wanna be Dragon I probably rely on it more than I should to deal with anxiety sometimes. I'll get really drunk maybe once a week if I go out, but I drink extremely frequently because I'm indulgent and it's become habit. Get home from a long day of work? Have a beer. Cooking a nice meal? Have some wine. Girlfriend's staying the night? Drink together. I seemingly always find excuses for why it's okay - and I don't overdo it as much as I used to in college, but I certainly would find it hard to stop drinking as frequently as I do. 

It makes me even more talkative and passionate about things than I normally am. It increases my confidence and, when I'm not too drunk, makes me more eager to do things when sober-me would have been too lazy and not ambitious enough. It's a great social enhancer as well, I love drinking with people and meeting new people in an atmosphere where drinking is involved. ENFP, I procrastinate some things a lot, and others not at all. I don't really know the difference, but maybe it has to do with the importance of what it is. In college, I made myself cut out all procrastination. My Te really blossomed and I worked my ass off to get good marks and make a name for myself in my department. 

As I get older, I procrastinate less. I'll procrastinate mundane things like getting my oil changed or changing the cat litter or getting a hair-cut. When it comes to big things like my career, my image, family, or anything related to my integrity or personal values, I will never procrastinate because that is just bad form. I've developed a weird obsession with house upkeep: laundry, dishes, etc. Idk where it came from, but it certainly arose under pressure when I started living on my own. I've become really gung-ho about that stuff because I've realized that staying organized and doing these day-to-day things are necessary for me to function effectively and smoothly. Maybe this is a Te thing, or perhaps even an Si thing?

I hope this doesn't come across as offensive, but I have a personal issue with people who procrastinate things in their life where other people are involved. If you want to procrastinate schoolwork or whatever, that is your decision. But if you're working in a team or if you have kids, family members, or pets, etc. and you procrastinate in any of these atmospheres, it's really hard for me not to value-judge you. I think it shows weakness or selfishness. 

I think this was the most ENTJ thing I've ever said. I wish I could be an INFP. I wish I didn't need external stimuli from people and jokes and humor and goofing around. I know INFPs who engage in this behavior, but I need it to survive. My sister is an INFP and I really envy her ability to be completely self-sustained in her room with a book, an album, or whatever, shut off from the world completely and be incredibly happy. Spending time alone for spans of time like that make me really anxious and put me in a baaaaaaaaaad place. &gt; ENFP keeps me entertained and uhh... fulfills other needs.

You mean like...out-drink you in a rum-drinking competition of the rum reserves conveniently buried on the island? Or are you referring to our innate, uncontested knack for applying sunscreen to those hard-to-reach places. You hear that INFPs? [we luhhhhh you](https://media.giphy.com/media/gT93oBucqsHNS/giphy.gif)I am SO into Altaria, I feel it in a spiritual way. Alright, I never answer these and most people will probably ignore your post, OP, but I'll give you my two-cents. Take it with a huge grain of salt, I'm only trying to give you some guidance here. So listen up young grasshopper. 

I'm not sure of your experience with MBTI so far but you definitely probably have a type or two you're kicking around by now that you are drawn to. Keep exploring those hunches and continue to get a feel for possibilities. It won't really be a eureka moment, at least it wasn't for me, because you, like me, seem like you have a mind that likes to keep itself open. Be perceptive and be investigative, this sub is a great place for you to start. 

To answer your question, OP, after reading your post twice and paying attention to your responses and how you chose to respond in your responses, it struck me that you seem like an xSFP. None of your functions seemed to jump out too much except Se and perhaps a little bit of Fi (more relatable from my perspective). There may be hints of tert Te in there as well. If you are unsure of cognitive functions, which is what I'm referencing, you may want to delve into it. It's really cool stuff and might be a good method for you to understand yourself and define yourself better. My sound advice would be to do that and, specifically for me, try to decide whether you feel more connected to introverted feeling (Fi) or extraverted feeling (Fe). That's one of the places you can start. Good luck m8

edit: Please bear in mind that I could be absolutely 100% wrong with my read on you. There was not nearly enough info presented for me to make a confident guess, but I sucked it up for you. I'm not sure if it's an ENFP thing but...

* I tend to avoid things that make me uncomfortable a lot, or at least used to more 
* I can be pretty selfish sometimes, maybe not outwardly in the sense that people see me as selfish, but when I make decisions it's usually with me in mind. It's bad and I'm trying to work on it. 
* I'm bad at following through on plans and I am a notorious bridge-burner out of no other reason than that I am sometimes self-serving and am also lazy at times. 

I think it's really good to self-reflect and try to work on these things because I am not proud of any of these traits. Get out of your head! Don't let MBTI stuff account for any more than like...10% of your relationship with other people. That's very tongue-in-cheek, but seriously. There are so many dynamics at work that MBTI does not account for (hobbies, interests, humor for starters) that can really make a relationship awesome. You either have these connection points or you don't, don't let typology base any of your predictions, anxieties, or decisions. 1. Stop and control time
2. Super McSwag Boy (dude, idk! it would take me like 10 years to decide on one) 
3. 5 on the villain-heroic scale 
4. 5 on the selfish to selfless scale 
5. 5 on the privacy scale 
6. Absolutely, I would have many secret identities 

The reason I am so decisive is because I don't have one clear goal I'd hope to accomplish, so I gotta keep my options as open as I can. I think I would be so overwhelmed that I would be pretty dysfunctional for a bit before I had a "mission" Nah it irritated the fuck out of me. I'd be interesting to know what went on before she started recording and it's also frustrating that she started recording him as if to show how humorous the situation was thinking people would support her. This ain't cool. As an ENFP, I am personally offended by this. CAUSE I'M FREEEEEE....


*...FREEEFALLIN....*OMG *WHERE*While I might not be able to provide anything insightful or theoretical here that *the book describes*, so to speak, I can speak from experience, if that helps you. 

My younger sister is what appears to me to be an INFP. She's in her early 20s and I noticed a change in her personality within the last few years. As she came into adulthood and had to actually get organized and take control of her life with college, etc., she developed these tendencies that were fairly uncharacteristic of her. She was always **incredibly** lazy, indecisive, unorganized, late, etc. growing up, but it's almost like as soon as the necessity or pressure manifested for her to sink or swim, she became obsessive about things in the weirdest ways. She's a lot more particular and almost obsessive about her personal spaces (i.e. kitchen and bedroom) and literally curates them as if they are her sanctuaries. This was a drastic change from her as a kid where her head was always in the clouds so much so that sometimes seemed that she, quite literally, was not of this world. But now she is picky and uptight about her inner world order, she is obsessive about her little rituals such as making coffee a particular way every day and having the luxury to cook meals exactly how she wants them. It's a very strong pairing of Fi and Si because they are *hers* and you **do not take these things away from her**. My family knows this. It's almost like she's tailoring her inner world to meet her fantasies and creating these familiar comfortable routines that balance her out. 

I'm not sure this helps, but I remember having a moment of clarity and realizing that this change was possibly due to Si-development. I read once, also, that tertiary functions are **generally** the function that arises sometime during the transition into adulthood where new pressures and stresses act on an individual. For me, Te really blossomed in college. Hope these rambling anecdotes help!*bastards...*ENFP: ANTHROPOLOGY BABYI always call my ESTP mom a "fire-fighter" for reasons that you've outlined. High Se really is equipped and the hunter-predator analogy is really spot on. I personally get annoyed around high Se sometimes because I get impatient because sometimes when you're trying to talk about something or deal with a situation their "here-and-now-ness" hinders the ability to focus on the important stuff and ignore the minutia. High Se is also incredibly animalistic, I agree. It's like the whole *BRIGHT-SHINY-OBJECT* thing. 

I'll offer a little anecdote here that I find hilariously frustrating. We have a dog that likes to run away a lot, super high energy. Inevitably, it will escape sometimes. There is about a 2% chance you will have any success in catching her - she usually comes home a day or two later. Regardless, when she does run away my step-mom will drop EVERYTHING she is doing and devote all of that Se focus into dealing with the very present immediate situation at hand, locating resources, grabbing equipment and quite literally sprinting out to *put out the fire*. It's like a Zombie Apocalypse just occurred and we have 2 minutes to prepare. I typically get annoyed and apathetic and make no efforts to help. Again, she fiends for these types of situations. She really loves the chase and the pursuit and making it into this whole dramatic fiasco and it is quite a show to watch. So, yeah, in this way, Se-doms have always been fire-fighters in my mind. If I was actually in a house-fire, I'd want an Se-dom saving me. Did you pull that out of the ENFP type description on buzzfeed? Well, book Cersei I would type as a very unhealthy ESFJ. It's harder for me to settle on a definitive type of show Cersei because she is quite literally a psychopath. It's hard to sift through all of that and be able to see who she truly is, for me at least. Still possibly a very unhealthy ESFJ. Alright - devil's advocate here - I'd love some illumination here. Just because she is self-centered in this way doesn't mean she can't be a feeler. Couldn't it also be unhealthy Fi or Fe? It seems that an unhealthy version of either of these really dictates what decisions she makes (me me ME), and she's often completely and utterly controlled by her emotional imbalance. I'm not claiming that any of this is true, but simply wondering if it is an alternative to what you suggest. Sure, yeah I'm totally open to it. Her tactics really are Machiavellian by nature, likely via Tywin who is a quintessential ENTJ. What do you think of Jaime? I guess I've always thought of it in this way: that Cersei by nature might be an Fe dom but is also a character who develops into such an unhealthy, psychotic wreck that what you're observing are the dark side of her functions. Cersei seemed to always be good at emotional manipulation through abusing her ability to connect with someone and then use it to her power. Examples I can think of might be her relationship with Sansa where she really pries and toys with Sansa's inner ideals, emotions, and dreams. Cersei seemed to be really good at doing this to people and for that reason I guess I had considered that it might be "dark-Fe". But if we consider this same behavior as Fi, it still kinda makes sense. I'm open.Yeah or ISTP, my thought as well. Also an Anthro major. I love anthropology with all of my essence but for the love of god is it a barren field. Currently working for a non-profit which is probably as close to incorporating my undergraduate education as I possibly could get. Alright, trying to definitively type a political candidate, especially one like Mike Pence who - if you don't live in Indiana - most people have never even heard of, is almost futile. What you have to form your assumptions on are a few speeches, interviews, and "stories" about him that, at best may hint towards behavior and nothing more. Just bear in mind he's a politician we know incredibly little about personally, and also that politicians, especially Mike Pence, have motives and agendas that we may not know that are shaping this behavior. That's what I will caution. 

If we're actually doing this though, I'd say it's a fair bet that he's an xSTJ and that Trump is likely one too. We are talking about life-long politicians/businessmen who push their personal interests and agendas along through authoritative means, especially Trump. Mike Pence is a traditionalist and pretty controversial in Indiana. At face-value, I wouldn't type him anything *other* than an STJ. 

If you're looking for more information about him, check out [this](https://np.reddit.com/r/Indiana/comments/4u6qfr/slug/d5ng4e0)  /r/bestof post in /r/indiana discussing why Hoosiers do not particularly like Mike Pence. Okay, yeah I agree about Trump's Se-dom characteristics actually. I'm recalling an NPR piece I heard where they interviewed the guy who wrote *The Art of the Deal* FOR Trump, about Trump, and said that Trump's disposition was that of a 13-year old with ADD. Said the guy got bored of conversations about his life and the book after about 15 minutes and wanted to talk more about current issues that were going on, such as any current present work or people-dramas he was going through. Very Se. I can try to locate the piece if anyone is interested or doesn't buy this. Laughable? Really? Are you arguing that two people cannot both be STJs if they behave differently? Trump is a bizarre dude, everything aside. MBTI accounts for some, yes, but not all of why he is the way he is. Swinging back to my original stance, however (which I had come away from in my second response), what part of Trump is so blatantly not "any kind of J" to you? Indulge me, you seem incredibly confident of absolutes about a man you've never met. 

edit: Also, why have you quoted Se? That I like to get shit done, that I can be bossy and very impatient when I'm trying to move something forward. I feel like ENTJs have a better sense of when they need to use their Te or not. In other words, they know when something is worth it or not (Ni) and can better budget their energy and time. ESTJs seemingly have a bit less discretion when it comes to "choosing" (i.e. less foreshadowing capabilities, Si-Ne at the expense of low Ni) and thus are more likely to always be exerting their Te, assuming responsibilities, taking on tasks in the here and now. These are simply my experiences. Bloody frenchmen...I agree with you. This level of conscious racism among those in power manifested through prejudice and the institutionalization of systems that create suffering makes my blood boil. What country do you live in...? Alright, I'm assuming you might not live in the US. I'll help illuminate that which you claim, on numerous occasions, is "crap". 

Check out [this article for starters](http://citiesunited.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/Cities-United-Webinar-Structural-Violence-10.16.15.pdf). It will help define the concepts of which I am referring to in my "crap" statements. Generally speaking, it discusses the concept of structural violence, a model that has gained a lot of attention in the last century of social sciences. For the sake of brevity, I won't get into what it is but you can [read about it here](http://www.structuralviolence.org/structural-violence/). Anyways - basically, power + racial prejudice (conscious and unconscious, don't forget) = racism. Structural racism (institutionalized racism as I referred to it in my "crap" post), is defined here as "…a system in which public policies, institutional practices, cultural representations, and other norms work in various, often reinforcing ways to perpetuate racial group inequity. It identifies **dimensions of our history and culture that have allowed privileges associated with “whiteness” and disadvantages associated with “color” to endure and adapt over time**." You can use this concept to understand the impact and context of gender violence in America as well, which is also a huge problem. Don't buy this "crap"? Consider unequal pay, [companies not hiring individuals based on their gender identity](http://dcist.com/2015/11/transgender_discrimination.php), and the [infamous North Carolina bathroom bill](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/05/hb2-is-a-constitutional-monstrosity/482106/). Another great concept in this presentation is that racial justice does **not** equal equality or diversity alone. It equals equity because equity implies fairness, while the former two do not. [Check out this helpful depiction of this concept](https://twitter.com/ibrahim_zh10/status/427132019647463424). 

So, you asked for some examples of how this all plays out in America. First of all, [read this article](http://www.intergroupresources.com/rc/Definitions%20of%20Racism.pdf) that goes into a little more depth than the first in regards to *how* this all is manifested in peoples' lives. Examples that I can think of at the top of my head include [strict voter ID laws](https://mic.com/articles/119844/one-chart-shows-the-depressingly-racist-truth-about-voter-id-laws-you-tried-to-ignore#.iLaPUacoS), the charge that some police forces show signs of [institutional and structural racism](http://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2014/11/25/does-ferguson-show-that-cops-who-kill-get-off-too-easily/structural-and-institutional-racism-exists-within-police-forces), and the [issue of urban neighborhood segregation](https://thinkprogress.org/how-a-poor-neighborhood-becomes-a-trap-b504acf5b0fc#.4okiskwf3).  

Another additional article you should read [is this one](http://scholar.harvard.edu/files/bobo/files/2003_race_racism_and_discrimination_with_cybelle_fox_social_psycholgy_quarterly.pdf) titled *Race, Racism, and Discrimination: Bridging Problems, Methods, and Theory in Social Psychological Research* which analyzes the issue of racism through a social psychological lens, and discuss institutionalized racism in the workforce. It argues that sociological acknowledgements of racism do not go far enough and instead seeks to explain how and why individuals or groups develop ethnoracial prejudices from a psychological perspective. Consider the section titled *Organizations, Labor Markets, and
Workplaces* for some tangible examples. 

I will likely think of more examples and find more items to suppport this argument later today or tomorrow. You can think or perceive the issue of racism, or lack-there-of, in any way you want. It's important to get educated about the issues before you pass judgment on it, especially if you, in fact, do not live in America. There's often more to the story than what one side or the other will tell you. It's also poor form to charge someone's perspective as "crap" before you've even considered it. 

edit: formattingThat statement, which I'm sure is a fairly universally held sentiment, is somehow attributed to a type of which I am not? 

Edit: maybe that's hard for an ultra-nationalistic Trump supporter to understand. Yeah man, I mean I think we just see things differently in general. I don't really know how to argue a lot of what you've mentioned, but I think our differences regard interpretation. I don't know how you can make a blanket statement that all women choose lower paying jobs. I don't really have a dog in the fight but my whole point was that it appeared that you were ignorant about the situation so I was trying to provide some information, but I see that you're not ignorant about these issues - you just disagree with me on how we interpret them. Other ENFPs might not like this but Michael Scott is a very good representation of an ENFP. Almost to a tee. Hey, I got free spirit as well. Don't jump to conclusions here - we share the same four functions, so it's really not that insane. Also, I'm all about the ENFP-ISTJ alliance for the new world order. Free Spirit. I can't access the page again to read the break-downs, but it seems about right so I'm content. Yes - these are excellent points. People often mistakenly associate social skills and expressiveness with extroversion. But social skills and expressiveness can be trained. It really comes down to your preferences and where you derive your energy and stimuli from. What I find to be a very useful model is asking the simple question of whether or not you are stimulated more by sharing your experiences, feelings, or ideas with other people or by reflecting on them with yourself. Yeah, this is rudimentary, but it works in the sense that it's a pretty easy ball-park test. It has nothing to do with social skills. I spent so many years not knowing whether to call myself an INFP or an ENFP but the more I learned, the more it became more clear. What really did it was when I learned about cognitive functions in my early 20s. This happened to be during the stressful years of college where my Te came out in full force, and I took that as a pretty apparent sign and I guess the rest is history. Haven't ever doubted my Fi and Ne though. I always look back on minor acts of injustices against me at random times, such as when I'm laying in bed awake at 3am. It'll make me angry and I'll go through fantasies in my head about how things could have played out...such as petty acts of revenge just to make me feel vindicated. 

*so petty*....My younger sister is an INFP who had a long-term relationship with an ESTP that turned out to be really unhealthy and toxic and ended very bad. 

Basically, he was really wrappd up with himself and his own success in the sports he played. She always encouraged him to pursue what he loved, and when he started to prioritize that over her, she got pretty upset. She tried everything in her power to do whatever it took to make it work, but it was too little/too late. One of the last things he told her was that he felt like he had to self-sacrifice himself over their entire relationship. I cannot express how angry I was when I heard this because my sister is the polar opposite of controlling and hands-on. It was all about him, his success, his dreams, and she was such a backseat to literally everything else in his little world full of dramas, sports, responsibility at his work, etc. Nothing against ESTPs of course, but this dude really sucked and put her through the ringer. 

They broke up and she had a revitalization of self-expression and self-identity. She really became herself and started thinking about what she wanted and who she was after and made new, more genuine friends, got tattoos, changed her major, changed her style and wore less make-up. Breaking up with him was the best thing that ever happened to her. Being sub-consciously defiant in not listening to other people. I hate being told how to live my life or what to do because I have a very toxic habit of thinking I and I alone know what's best for me and get defensive when people interfere with this little relationship I have with myself. I wonder if this a dark Fi trait or just me being a stubborn idiot.  Sure, and this is just my take on it and I'm sure far smarter people could rip this apart but, my take is this. 

Ne-dom: incredibly imaginative, constantly plagued by imaginations, delusions, possibilities, constantly speaking in abstract comparative language. I think he has some unhealthy Ne as well (underdeveloped), in the sense that he is terrible at making decisions. Remember season 1 where he has to fire someone by the end of the day? That whole episode is so Ne. He also overlooks details in a tremendous way and does not get social cues very well. He is constantly in his own little world. 

Fi: he is a charmer, likes to make people laugh, and has some pretty strict values about how he conducts himself. I would say it's a good possibly has some Narcissistic personality disorder tendencies as well. He loves himself. [Consider this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0sbgMJLyhk). Also consider Threatlevel Midnight, a movie written by Michael Scott, for Michael Scott, about Michael Scott, and starring him as its James Bond hero. 

He's got some signs of Te, as well I think. When he's really stressed or put under pressure it really comes out: [check out this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xg4QEIDgnc4) 

It's funny because when you really think about it, he really expresses unhealthy versions of each of his traits. That's because he is very underdeveloped as a person, emotionally, psychologically, etc. But he's so absolutely lovable and is such a great spectacle. It doesn't really matter what his type is at the end of the day, but I see a lot of myself in Michael Scott, especially the Ne goal-driven stuff. 

edit: he does seemingly have something that resembles Fe, but I think it's his Ne. He strikes me as having low Fe because he can be out-of-touch with peoples' emotions. He is poor at consoling others because it's hard for him to emotionally connect with people because he's so preoccupied with himself. Isn't that typical Fe behavior? Hey you (:It would be rad to be an ENTJ. I like to be *satirically* serious about things people take too seriously to the point where sometimes other people don't know if I'm joking or not. I think for me it's some form of unhealthy passive aggressiveness. Other than that, I think silly, serendipitous humor is the best. I don't find physical humor funny at all, and deadpan humor is just kind of bleh to me and is pointless. 

Edit: after some reflection, I think I appreciate humor that serves the purpose of stirring things up. I like humor that does things. I think satire does a great job at acting as a powerful tool. In addition, elaborating on what I meant earlier as far as silly and serendipitous, I will say [I think Reggie Watts is a perfect example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdHK_r9RXTc).I agree with this. I see this as more of a contrast between Fe and Te because OP is looking at the outside world as the scope of his theory and not the individual. People are quick to say Fe and while I think that's the most apparent, I don't think people should ignore the point that it depends on why you seek out other people. Are you seeking harmony, reassurance, etc. from others? I know I will sometimes do this but it's more from an Ne/Te perspective where I think I might have something to selfishly gain by collaborating ideas with others. But I don't have an inherent desire, or even prefer, doing so - but if it produces a result I want or need, or if I think that exploration and collaboration will warrant favorable possibilities or outcomes, this can be quite awesome. For a lot of people, something doesn't need to be "scientific" for it to do something. MBTI is a great way for general categorization and applying to real life. When you get into the weeds with logically disassembling it, then sure - you'll probably find a lack of scientific validity. But does that matter? I actually have a very hard time relating to this, and if we're being frank, I didn't really follow your first example of logic. 

But if we're going on hunches, I would say that you are quite possibly describing something separate from Fe and Te altogether. This sounds a bit like Ti to me - you attempting to shape a subjective logical construction of the outside world. Keep that open as a possibility. Others will agree or disagree with it, but I would suggest looking into Introverted Thinking a bit more. This is unmistakably Introverted Thinking (Ti). There are tons of resources out there, but [here is a very basic introduction](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HzsE149Tzg), sounds familiar, right? 

And it was more of an expression. In other words, I said I had a hunch because I was making an assumption about something I didn't have a lot of information about. 

edit: I just found [this thread on introverted thinking](https://www.reddit.com/r/INTP/comments/4v1n6c/introverted_thinking/), and while I didn't read it, I trust that the folks who posted it on r/INTP are pretty competent. Cheers. No problem! Keep exploring! The next thing you should determine is if you are Intuitive or Sensing. I am going to guess Intuitive, in which case, you should decide between introverted intuition and extroverted intuition. [Check out this post, specifically looking at the top comment.](
https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/310asy/whats_the_difference_between_ni_and_ne/)
[you are welcome ;)](https://media.tenor.co/images/68b756794ae6d7607ce477e1120e541f/raw) I don't have the mind or patience for chess. By the same token, I'm terrible at card games and get bored quickly. I'd say that this a fair hypothesis. Yeah I buy it. I was really bad at balancing things during that period, and in retrospect - I bet a lot of it could ultimately be due to self-awareness. I think with my Fi-Te axis though, I was okay at self-reflecting in regards to authenticity, identity, and if something was *good for me to be doing* or not. ISTJs. I'm seriously convinced they know something we all don't. I think there is a lot to learn from them, and I am shocked to have discovered eerie similarities between myself and some ISTJs I've gotten to know well. It's difficult to express many emotions through words, especially for me and I'm assuming you as well. Good and bad alike. But I don't find it hard at all to express negative emotions. Negative emotions can be expressed through actions...passive aggressiveness, aggressiveness, impatience, rage, decision-making. I also agree with u/FuccFas that it depends on enneagram, among other factors. I'm a 4w3. I like this. I don't care to analyze when it comes to these types of questions. This really is the only major condition. It has a lot to do with your dom and aux functions, which lead you to eventually develop your tertiary function (right?). As an ENFP, Te blossomed towards the end of college, but was not the product of introspection because dom Ne made any such endeavor unlikely. Instead, it was something that arose from intense stress and then, most importantly, external stimulation. I've always been really responsive to objective criticism, and it took having some people who are close to me to kick my ass to whip me into shape, which had a profound impact and got the gears turning. My tertiary function has brought me places that a younger me never would have believed I could get to. 

tl;dr: there is no forecast for when or how functions develop, it depends on your dom/aux functions and overall, the life you live. I bet people coming into the MBTI world for the first time who are unaware of their type take free tests with a big grain of salt for a couple of reasons, the primary one being that they probably associate them with all other personality tests they've come across which they probably perceive as not carrying tremendous weight. Additionally, where free tests may be perceived as quantitative analyses of personality (in the minds of many who take them), open discussion and conversations with other human beings are generally perceived more to produce **qualitative** analyses, to those who are being typed. Just a wild guess. It's all up to you! If you will it, and are open and receptive, I'm confident that you can open up those doors...or different ones. I won't pretend to be an expert in it by any means. I see it as a management style or an applied way of running things, put simply. From what I've seen, it isn't one of those outdated cliched office team building exercises. Far from it. Not many people like those, especially in the Healthcare world. 

Remember, it's the consultants who advise organization executives and managers to start thinking differently and solve problems differently and more effectively. There really isn't much "material" to be administered. Selfishness, anti-social tendencies sometimes, OCD with some things, very moody. I think we've strayed a bit from the purpose of the thread. However, this is good. This is insightful information that is useful for me. I'm young and new to the field so I'm trying to figure out what works and what doesn't. Your caution of the one-size-fits all point is a big take-away for me. 

I could never subscribe to using this model only, but do see some benefits in the sense that it has created positive impacts that I've observed. I see value in stuff like this because I think, if used as an accent in a strategy, can have useful benefits. If used in this capacity, you're really not allowing it to become a brand-name, trendy, MBA-designed strategy. Do you know what I mean? 
Well. I'll embrace the darkness. 

Edit: where can I learn more?Ahh, yes that all makes sense within the framework of our stacks. I suppose I should have analysed the question a bit more, but it does seem like a lot of people would be surprised by such qualities in an ENFP at face value. Thanks!Hey! Get back to work you two slackers!Taco Bell parking lot. 3 am. I black back in to consciousness. Rain beating down on my windshield. I've got Liza Minnelli's *all that jazz* playing full volume.  I'm naked. I've consumed 40 cheesy gordita crunches and I have 18 missed calls from my girlfriend. I've absolutely noticed this before and had this same feeling. I think intuition and sensing can be thought of as "communication" tendencies or preferences, so it would make sense that Ne/Si users and Se/Ni users would be more on the same wave length within their axes, respectively. Sure, there's a lot more to it than this, but generally speaking I think I think this on the right track.

Socionics does a good job explaining this as well. For instance, consider this info in Deltas (usually ISTJs, ESTJs, INFPs, and ENFPs, or in Socionics, those who use Ne, Si, Te, and Fi in any order). 

&gt; **Valued elements**

&gt;**Te and Si**

&gt;Delta types make a point of talking about the rationale behind their actions and emphasizing the productiveness or unproductiveness of different ways of doing things - even in such emotional areas as personal relationships.

&gt;Delta types value peaceful, refreshing activities where they are doing something useful and balancing out their inner world at the same time.
Delta types have the philosophy that they will have to rely on their own industriousness to achieve their goals rather than on luck, speculation, group effort, or strong leadership.

&gt;**Ne and Fi**

&gt;Delta types love to share personal experience mixed with their own sentiments regarding their experiences, but all in an insightful and non-dramatic manner.
Delta types like to talk about new beginnings, opportunities for personal growth, and their plans and prospects for the future.

Looking at this through the perspective of Socionics may help as well. 

The more I think on it, the more I realize how I fell into the trap of really being intrigued by it. It sounds like, from a perspective standpoint, it's probably one of thousands just like it. 

Nonetheless, intrinsically, these are models for Te manifest through, would you agree? ENFP 4w3

* Gryffindor 

* Thunderbird 

* 12.5' Cherry with Dragon Heartstring, Quite bendy flexibility 

* Fox 

The older I get the more I want to be in Slytherin. Foxes are far too sleuthy to be me.ENFP. [This one's for all the cat-lovers out there](http://imgur.com/a/RDbMx) Did you ever find out if it was, in fact, smokable still? *Sassy...*I think "seeing the world" automatically implies that this is external judgment. Right? I don't know if this is Fi or Fe. Maybe it depends on what you perceive "good" as. Good for me? Good by my standards? or objectively good implying *for the greater good of everyone*. I catch my Fi passing value judgments on things all the time but that doesn't have anything to do with what I perceive is "good" or "bad" because those are tough terms that I don't care to look into or analyze or associate anything with. I know how I feel about things and that's all that matters to me. 

More Si-Ne axis, and more Fe-Ti axis. Thoughts? It's tough to call given how this information has been communicated - not your fault if you're not a native English speaker. The natural conclusion I got to also. I agree completely, u/Aurarus, and you continue to provide good insight and information on thus sub as always, but what do we do about it now? Just try to be more analytical? I don't think you'll find many individuals that consider it not important. It's almost *inherent* for us to seek authenticity. Where the difference rests, with people, is in how much it influences certain forms of decision-making. Extremely comfortable and confident driver. Anyone can train themselves to be competent at something. My only driving vice is bad road-rage. I've gained notoriety among friends and coworkers for misplacing things so frequently that it's obnoxious and annoying to others. It's an extremely unpopular opinion especially here on reddit, but I'm voting for Hillary Clinton. Well, it's more of a vote for the Democratic agenda. I want to see my party continue to grow, change, and respond to the world and I personally think she is capable of doing that effectively. I'm not voting for the woman, I'm voting for the idea and everything else behind it. Absolutely. And it's also strategic in my opinion because she has plans that I think are practical and she knows how to play the game really well. People don't give her enough credit for how well she gets shit done. 

edit: *IN MY OPINION*...Heyyy there little guy! (-: Thank you for sharing your opinions on this matter with the community (-: Thank goodness we have brave little police officers here to make sure all the CUCKS are staying in check, LOL!!! Good thing you are a living regurgitation of what we see on r/the_donald to save us all the trip over there! Keep doing your thing, little guy! Thanks for spreading the good word :-)   Ayy, I agree completely with you as well, including that she is ideologically productive. It's not only a respect for, but a competency in and practical understanding of the institution. You know who I could say that about, as well? John McCain. Mitt Romney even. George H. W. Bush. It's not a biased statement, it's an objective assessment, and one that I do not  think her competitor meets due to factors that he could or could not have controlled. For instance - and to be fair - the dude has never had a reason to learn and engage in International affairs, among other areas that high profile politicians are seasoned in. That is not his fault. I just do not think we should elect someone without those qualifications into the highest seat, let alone Donald Trump with his...*temperament*. Is that fair to say?  HILLARY FOR PRINCETON!!!!! 

edit: I meant HILLARY FOR *PRISON*!!! Stupid CUCK Shillary moderators censored my comment - further proof that crooked Hillary and the #DNC establishment are all here hacked into and censoring reddit. Me and my fellow 14-year old memers will make sure that the streets of Reddit continue to receive the justice that they deserve by destroying corruption (any one or any thing that expresses true statements or dissenting opinions against Trump) in its tracks! Hope you keep up the good work as well! &gt; Then use your legs. =) 

That's the fucking problem with millennials. In my day growing up in the middle class, we didn't have legs. Today, everyone's got legs. None of these little brats have to even work for them (= millennials will be the downfall of our republic. I feel this way, and not from an intellectual or analytical perspective, but from a way that I only describe of as in an Ne-way. 

I would say for some the issue is that of perspective. For natural perceivers  (information collectors), there comes a point where you're so inundated with information that analyzing it, through its overall extent, is extremely hard. I feel that way with MBTI. The more I search and learn - here and elsewhere - the more unsure I am of what actually *is*. But I don't have a need or desire to get to that point. So, it doesn't bother me because I am comfortable  with settling for reductionist/simplistic models that offer more practical explanations because that is what most people end up applying. MBTI, and cognitive psych, or perhaps almost any "scientific" theory is a black hole that I'll leave to the much more intelligent INTPs. The portion about sentimentality and having throat-swelling nostalgic flashes is a little more ubiquitous than an association with just ENTPs. I can speak very confidently that this is extremely characteristic of Fi-Si. 

By and large, though, most of it is hard to relate to. It's very apparent Fe-Si. Don't fall into the trap though - this is a *human* thing. It's so personal to that person and everything they've gone through and who they are. I don't think Joseph Campell said it first, but he always stressed "Amor Fati" - love one's fate. Joseph Campbell did say Follow your Bliss. No one can tell another person, or address everyone else, and define the meaning of life, and I think it's wrong to do so. I agree with your brother. Dominion or the Road Eternal. Downsides for both of these that I wouldn't always enjoy would be loneliness. 

edit: the more I come back to this, I keep changing my mind. There are good things about all of them, do I really have to pick? :(I would say as far as themes go, that there's definitely that weird recurring ENTJ-xNFP romance... 

Or maybe I just want there to be. Many would be inclined to think ENFPs would be something like a Togepi or a Pikachu, but I have always identified with Gengar on a spiritual level.&gt; Then, of course, there's the narcissistic drive to amount to something in the eyes of other people and stand out from a crowd. 

A little hard to admit, but yes, this is very true for me as well. I work really well with dom-intuitives (INTJs, INFJs, ENFPs, ENTPs), and pretty well with ENTJs and ESTJs. I work closely with an INTP, and though our paring is conducive to brainstorming and creatively coming up with solutions to problems, as well as the fact that we're usually always on the same wave-length with not taking ourselves too seriously and getting annoyed with things get too into the weeds, communication is seriously lacking. Whereas I'm collaborative and organized in the execution of projects, it's kind of a one-man-show for my INTP counter-part which is frustrating. But we're better at exploring and coming up with solutions to problems than actually carrying out projects until their very end together. I've had to be incredibly assertive and critical to make sure things get done. Democrat and Hillary supporter. I took the Political Compass test for the first time and was surprised to find out that I placed into the left/libertarian quadrant: 

Economic Left/Right: -5.5 

Social Libertarian/Authoritarian: -6.05Excellent point - I've often struggled with this as well. I understand that there is a lot of credence lent to the socionics analysis, but as far as applicability goes, it doesn't seem to always work. 

There also seems to be an overblown emphasis placed on the power of tert functions here. Almost an implied expectation. While I have no doubts that I've developed Te as an adult, and use it quite often, it is still my natural tendency to be lax, aloof, and type-b. However, it has been fun attempting to masquerade as an ENTJ on occasion ;) By-the-book descriptions are interesting and sometimes have value (especially if you care about the consistency and sanctity of the theory - which I do not), but in the real world, are being held in too high esteem in my opinion. These are tools to use and I have felt that they are being treated almost like a rigid doctrine of truth. I suppose that that is a general sentiment about the short-comings of MBTI, or personality typing, in general... 

edit: to expand on the original distinctions I made between J and P when I was young, let me elucidate. I've always considered P's as information gatherers. They require a lot of information to pass judgments or make decisions, and thus, require more time. J's are generally more cut out for using either past experiences or limited information to make snap-judgments. As it was described to me by my parents when I learned about MBTI when I was a wee lad, J's are punctual, organized, and decisive. P's, on the other hand, are often late, indecisive, more easily swayed, and more open. I later realized that these are the bear-bone descriptions laid out by Kiersey (I think?). This is a reduction or digest of all the theories and frameworks at play, and these explanations are themselves also extremely problematic as well. I am not an overly happy-go-lucky unicorn. I don't mind being a dick to someone and I can be bossy and assertive when there is an emotional basis for this. In a way, I make most decisions from a personal/emotional place, but how I choose to express that can be very uncharacteristic of what many people perceive as the upbeat non-confrontational nature of feelers. I also agree with tough love and that you shouldn't depend on other people to feel emotionally validated - mostly because that's just how I personally feel. I have a very close ENFJ friend who enjoys having pity-fests and I just find myself frustrated and drained because I don't ever resolve my emotions by talking about them with others or letting other's insights, advice, and instruction help me solve them because of a deep stubbornness that I and I alone know what's best for me. But that's immature and selfish I think so I'm trying to work on that. It appears I'm the first ENFP (whistleblower) to post here but I feel exactly the same way about the ENFP sub. I realize this sub and the ENFP sub probably serve different functions, but it's like c'mon. It's honestly such a circlejerk, like *DAE just like feel like soo000ooo0 excited when their fav song comes on the radio0oo?? XD* 

I understand people want to engage in a collective excitement and feel validated, but I do genuinely think there are a lot of mistyped people thinking they're ENFPs there and it kind of seems a little reductionist to what it truly means to be an ENFP. It does and honestly I was pretty blunt with that comment. I do love the ENFP sub despite what I said... we're all one big happy family after all. I have an anthropology background so I have since moved on from my previous reservations about religion as being this bad thing. From a structural functionalism perspective, the institution of religion has historically and pre-historically been an integral part of the development of civilizations, social stratification, and the development of moral codes. Today, I think it is more of a subconscious adherence to tradition that keeps the religious institution in-tact, though it is subsiding slightly in the western world. I don't think anyone would actually say that religion still holds practical value in maintaining societal structure and order today, but it certainly did for the development of almost every group of people. There are emic and etic perspectives to why people practice, and neither is wrong or right. 

On a personal level, I'm extremely apathetic and indecisive. I don't know what I truly, personally believe in anymore, especially as I've learned more and more. I find it fascinating to not only learn about religion and spirituality, but to **participate** in it. I don't need something to ponder or analyze - I think that when you put religion and spirituality gets put under an analytical lens, it becomes something intrinsically different. I think spirituality offers everyone, down to the individual level, a very unique opportunity to choose to experience and understand their lives. It doesn't need to make sense, it just needs to speak to the individual. 

I take some problem with people passing holistic judgments on religion in general. I hear a lot of blanket generalizations about how religion is used as a tool for oppression, discrimination, is out-dated,  too-traditionalist, and while I certainly agree with this in the context of religions fundamentalism in America, radical islamism, as well as perhaps in many or most parts of the world to some degree and throughout history, I do think it's dangerous to cast all religion into one bag due to negative applications of it that have occurred. I do not think it is right to judge individuals for choosing to participate in religion, generally speaking. You don't know them and you can't determine what is important for another person. I hate when people try to do that to me.  

Where is becomes a problem is when religion systematically advocates, supports, conducts, or executes acts of discrimination, racism, violence, or whatever you want to call it. This is systematic Religious violence, and it's a lot different than your great aunt Debbie telling you she doesn't believe in same-sex marriage. Like it or not, we value religious freedom in America and no one should be judged or discriminated against because they are a southern Baptist or a devout follower of Allah. It becomes incredibly complex when you involve politics. I am a firm believer in the separation of church and state, and think that the bogus  "religious freedom" legislation is wrong because that is circular in that it can be used, ironically, to discriminate others because of their beliefs, on the grounds that it defends the right to practice or believe in your own religious beliefs. Like....what? 

I think what I value, and what I've tried to express here, is that people do a whole lot of judging of **other people** who believe in religion or believe in a religion different than their own. That's fucked up, no? Why do you care? Live and let live - let other people believe what they want even if you do not logically understand it or can't rationalize it. There's a thin line though, and religious violence is obviously a huge problem, but this is the result - I believe - of the social associations and implications that come with religion. Do not judge it intrinsically, instead, learn about it and understand it even if you do not agree with it. It's a good lesson in empathy and higher understanding. Tycho's Dive album is my favorite album. I resonate infinitely more with the INFP selections than any other. I think I do for a while and then I'll have a little bit of reflection and clairvoyance and realize I'm always going to feel like an outsider. I didn't have an inclination to. In fact, I had quite a prejudice to partying in highschool. I grew up in an incredibly rural area where partying in highschool was the exception rather than the rule. I think, retrospectively, I judged the jocks who partied (Fi). In contrast, I smoked weed all through highschool, starting before most people,  with my close friends and took a sense a pride in regards to it (again Fi, maybe Ne?). I wasn't necessarily judgmental of the action, but more judgmental of what value the action came from. You've been arguing this for at least a year since Trump was nothing more than a pipe-dream presidential candidate. After tremendous reflection, I completely agree with this.I definitely struggle with this and am guilty of probably being in denial about it too. I'm in a 3.5 year relationship and at its worst, I was bored or even existentially anxious about whether or not it was what my life was meant to result in. It's scary business. I've tried to actively get a handle on this by trying to take more control of my "destiny" and cultivating my relationship as opposed to being a by-stander as I slowly felt that my life was slipping away. After I actively started to nurture it more (traveling abroad together, having more fun, doing more things to feed my energy), things got so much better. My girlfriend is an ISFP and sometimes all it takes is talking to your SO or at the very least taking charge of what you want and making it happen. It wasn't in my nature, but I worked on it and it's reaffirmed a lot of things for my future, individuality (that I feel I haven't actually lost it!), and my relationship. It's always good to grow.Exactly, and inspiring your SO on why those things matter and doing it with them. There will always be things that we need to continue to nurture on our own...I don't know many ENFPs willing to completely surrender their agency, curiosity, and drive. It's important to know that this is not always mutually exclusive with a long-term relationship - I really hope I continue learning to balance!
Damn, that's way too accurate. Especially if you've been out drinking. I know exactly what you're feeling and I would attribute it to Ne-Si, or specifically, Si with low (or absent Ni). As u/Lastrevio lays out so wonderfully, you are describing an Si response to interpreting (or sensing) the events. It's reasonable to then say that your Ne is complicating your insight. Very generally and anecdotally, where Ni may easily arrive at an ultimate conclusion or insight aided by what has occurred in the past and what it could mean for the future, an Ne might have a difficult time NOT being burdened by many different conclusions, as it relates to past events (Si). Leave it to the more analytical minds in here, but I am right there with you and often have a difficult time arriving at an ultimate, objective insight into why something has happened. I always second-guess and wonder. 
Yes! Exactly...that also is characteristic of a battle between Ne and Fi. You and I both, Jesus. The Fi is always checking the Ne, and seemingly vise-versa. Where the Fi may lead you to decide to call it quits, due to the emotional and personal offense it has caused you and the unwillingness to continue to subject yourself to the unfair treatment, the Ne always comes in the qualify and check the decision. What if there's a chance for change? What if I'm making a huge mistake in cutting ties? What if there is something larger going on and I, now more than ever, need to be there for them? This is definitely just a human experience, but I swear it's 10x worse with our functions. 63% E

81% N

82% F

79% P

(59% Turbulent) 

1) To build a time-travel machine to be able to transport back to any time period and any place in history to live out my romantic visions 

2) My greatest fear would be losing my sanity, becoming schizophrenic, physically impaired (amputated, blind, deaf), or to have a loved one die and be gone from my life forever

3) I am motivated to finish my jobs both out of necessity (to save my ass and be successful in my endeavors), and also for my own pride and sense of myself (I don't want to view myself as a person who is ineffective and doesn't follow through on his word; it's a pride thing) 

4) I usually like to assess all options before doing anything, and then opt for the most tactful and effective strategy for moving forward. Then delegate based on individual strengths/roles in the group, inspire the vision, and then macromanage the project (I am a project manager irl lol)

5) Definitely the first option. Edit: the more I think about this question, the less I have a definite answer. It would depend on context - concept-based strategies have their merits, but it depends on what I'm trying to accomplish. 

6)  Not afraid at all. I want to be someone who empowers someone else to assess themselves, their strengths, desires, and obstacles, and then be an advocate for them in doing whatever it is they want or are suited for in a way where I never tell them what to do, but rather simply get to them to realize that they *can* do whatever it is they want. I agree strongly with almost all of this, and I know you qualify your post by stating that you are generalizing and that those are your experiences, but I think it raises a larger point in general. I often find that people oversell how outwardly emotional and emotion-focused ENFPs are. A lot of ENFPs - myself included - become emotionally reserved, pragmatic, and capable of, and even keen on, taking objective criticism as they grow up. This comes with developed Te and the general rounding at the edges that occurs when they've been in the river for a while. I get annoyed with the whole wishy-washy wear-your-heart-on-a-sleeve bubbly trope often prescribed to ENFPs. While it is technically fair because a lot of ENFPs (a lot of whom are mistyped ESFPs and ESFJs) come off this way, it by no means, in my opinion, the most tactful way to represent developed, healthy ENFPs. 

Edit: to modify my crusade above, remember we are discussing characteristics; ENFPs will always have that childish, playful interior no matter how serious they try to present themselves.It's good when you're working with people. It doesn't matter, in my mind, that MBTI is not "scientifically sound" or not entirely logical; it has a lot of applied value. It's a good model for making strategic decisions: you give an introvert more time and less pressure to give you an answer on something big...or sometimes you keep pushing that ENTP until they're onboard with your idea. You take a different approach to managing people you think are Fe users than you do with people you think are Te users. Sure you may be completely wrong sometimes, but most of the time this application process is effective and only requires minimal reliance on the basics of MBTI. It's all about empowerment based on intrinsic nature and strengths and makes you that much more effective when you're leading a group or a project. It's a way of macromanaging people into roles that you need to have filled on a big project. Yaks: ISFP

Beluga Whales: ESTP 

Giant Squid: INTJ

Bonobo: ENTP

Ostrich: ESTJ 

Dugong: ISFJ

Fruit Bat: ESFJ

Beaver: ENTJ

Salmon: ISTJ

Flamingo: ESFP

Lemur: ISTP

Raccoon: INTP

Sea Turtle: INFP

Capybara: INFJ

King Penguin: ENFJ


I know this is going to throw a ton of people off, so please hold on to your pants here, but... 

Shockingly, I am NOT a pixie-dust farting, dolphin-call crying, Unicorn fairy and I most definitely am not *like super random XD rawr XD XD*Are you trying to put us all in a box, OP? You're threatening my individuality!&gt; I've always been very cold, distant, and closed off yet I highly enjoy being with people. I put on a sort of facade that I'm an emotionless ass hole, and I can be a lot of the time, but inward I'm highly emotional and I crave affection.

Are you reading my diary?

&gt; I know ENTPs are known for being debaters but I hate arguing. I hate confrontation. I will hold a grudge for ages. 

Yup, definitely reading my diary. 

ENFP - and very, very relatable. "Yes not only that but ALSO" lolI have read *The Bridge* and *Dreams from my Father* and Barry-O strikes me as an INTJ. I take issue with the assertion that he's an ISFJ - no shot, guys. He is Ni-dom, goal driven, and had a very Fi character-defining "struggle" during his early adulthood. 

Although it is complicated because at times I wondered if what I was interpreting was actually well-developed Ti. He is an extremely principled man, sometimes even to a fault. This could possibly be Ni or Fi, though, who's to say?I have a "scribble journal" I carry everywhere and am constantly jotting things down so I don't forget because I'm so scatter-brained. Typically each morning I brief myself on all of my own notes (LOL) and then prioritize them and work through the items like a check-list. At the end of the day I debrief and carry-over any items I didn't finish into the next day's work. I wouldn't say it's my preference, but a busy job doesn't care about your preferences. Sometimes I'll get a high-energy spurt and tackle a ton of larger items as quickly as I can just so I can cross them off my list. I like to look back at the end of the day and see how much I have accomplished. 
I imagine Ni probably allows you to strategically procrastinate. Is strategic procrastination a thing? You're too in your mind. Get out of your head and stop thinking so much. Start doing. Take pride in doing things, and be hard on yourself when you are wasting time/energy. You'll push yourself into a Te regiment and once you're there it'll be smooth sailing. Gotta get the gears turning and then it will run itself. Get off reddit and go do shit you've been telling yourself you'd do. I don't believe you. Some people like to plan their procrastination. Some people stage their procrastination. Some people are procrastination architects. I see my ENTJ pal do this all the time...he's the finesse god of deciding what is important and what is trivial. He's highly productive and decisive, yet paradoxically lazy. Like a lion. I'm telling you, man, I'm on to you...It's so hard for me to think of a fitting answer to this question, but I can see America possibly being fitting. Uncategorizable, proud, highly social, (usually) pretty ethical, strong sense of identity, overall a mixed bag and sometimes a little controversial. But these are pretty standard for any Se/Ne dom.

If not America, maybe Spain? Brazil? There are a million ways you can interpret this quote... but as far as it is as a general ethical statement, I don't know if I like the idea of it. I would probably judge the intentions of anyone who says that because they're putting people in boxes devoid of context. It reminds me of the exercise that teacher did in Donnie Darko where she asks Jake Gyllenhaal to label actions as exclusively good or bad (or whatever it was) and he flips out and says life is too complicated to put things into boxes. That's how I feel with this.  

Also, if someone said this they would essentially be preaching to others that you need to follow a certain standard of ethics, which I don't like. It's an implied command.  It also sounds like something a 16 year old stoner would throw out to try to sound profound or like what a 19 year valley-girl would get henna'd onto her back at coachella. ok i'm done i swear.Can I hug you?DittoI think about dom-tert loops a lot and I def have been stuck in them for periods of time. Someone who was new to typology (Keirsey temperaments) thought I was an ENTJ and it fed my ego so much. I've always held that tert loops arise out of necessity during stressful periods which give rise to growth. In other words, a lot of us grow into our tert functions under new pressures (adulthood, dealing with losing a S/O, or other major life changes). There's definitely an age component to it. A few years ago I was big into twitter, instagram, and FB, but as time passes and I get more paranoid about future employers, colleagues, and family members digging up tweets from 2:31AM on a tuesday night as I am stoned and eating a burrito in my dorm room, the less I use them. Facebook is hard to let go, and I use snapchat and instagram a lot. It's fun to not take them too seriously and be self-depreciating and lighthearted, especially in light of how seriously some people take themselves on this/use them to curate or engineer their public images. Facebook is like a Reddit with people you know - good for sharing and discussing politics, events, ideas with people to a certain point, but frequently becomes an echo chamber. Also, if you can somehow look past all the terrible things the Vikings did (in context and history), the idea of who the Vikings were is pretty cool and relatable on a cosmic level: hardened adventurers who pushed past the boundaries of the known, concrete world. Vikings were literally and very metaphorically outsiders and harbingers of the great vast, wild beyond. There's something crazy and poetic about that. 

Edit: another aside - Mance Rayder in ASOIAF is very much the Viking Chieftain you are describing. Some guy told me a while back that the application and popularity of MBTI is just one big manifestation of Narcissism. I think I kind of agree sometimes. Why do some people use social media? To engineer their image and status. Putting your type (or assumed type) in your bio is just like instagramming photos of your exciting life: it may not be that reflective of who you actually are, but darn doesn't it look good and convey something about the *idea* of who you want to be to the world?ASOIAF is George RR Martin's *A Song of Ice and Fire* Series. [Mance Rayder](http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Mance_Rayder) - a character - though not literally a Viking in appearance, profession, or deed, loosely fits the Viking archetype, in my opinion, in characteristics and behavior. Go watch a movie or a tv show with someone.  The nature of their questions or your conversation around it is usually an elementary way to make a feel out how they're perceiving the content. Where an N may generally lead more hypothetical/conceptual conversations and questions, an S may discuss more aesthetic, concrete elements of what you've experienced together. 

Don't shoot me INTPs, this is just a very rudimentary, simplistic method of estimating. So we're talking about the objective (theoretical) and subjective existences of Omniverts. A lot of people feel that they are omniverts and reinforce these feelings through actions, which effectively *makes them omniverts* in the most general sense of the word, wouldn't it? You're then reinforcing an idea of yourself through self-engineering. Now you're down the rabbit hole of second-guessing everything there is about MBTI...so maybe this is a null argument?

If you're by yourself just taking a walk around town...what are you thinking about? Are you observing the people around you and the way they walk and the buildings and the dog across the street? Or are you thinking about that vacation you want to take next winter or an awkward encounter you had with someone years ago or wondering if Emma Stone truly is happy with her life at the end of La La Land? 

This will help with a ball-park estimation of which side of the isle you fall on - Se or Ne. It could possibly be a very hard question to answer, but try to go with your gut on this and answer as honest as you can - think about which description is more you at your core, even though you likely do both of these things. Holy shit this is what it's like in my family full of Ps. 

"What do you guys want to do for dinner? 

Idk, I'll ask Amy

Amy what do you want to do for dinner? 

I don't really have a preference, I'm cool with anything

What about you Luke?

Yeahhh I'm cool man whatever is fine 

Ok, Mom, we're all cool so whatever you want to do is cool

Ok 

Ok"


[three hours later...](https://www.google.com/url?sa=i&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=images&amp;cd=&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahUKEwiRwL2l45PVAhXMHT4KHe7AA-oQjRwIBw&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DsBBGJZk-6vw&amp;psig=AFQjCNEqKdoxCQaL522T5tcwv_VLx4FIYg&amp;ust=1500499745686207) 


"Wait... aren't we supposed to be going to dinner? 

What 

What

Lol

Dinner - didn't we make a decision? it's 9:45 PM 

No I don't think so, maybe we *really* ask this time 

Ok cool let me know what happens 

Yeah you let me know also if you hear of anything 

Same - if anyone else makes a decision just let me know

Should we just get takeout? Maybe that's easiest? 

...that's like...wicked insensitive of you to assume everyone else wants that...

Oh shit ok so just let me know what happens"

I've grown away from drugs but when I was an unhinged youth, MDMA was a biiiig favorite. Then weed. But now it's alcohol, baby - that sweet, sweet hooch.SLACKER&gt; we

Fe-Ti

&gt; If so then 

Ti-Fe

But really - my money is on ENTP. Ok - fair on a theoretical level - but what OP is really asking is for a palatable clarification of Si. 

OP, the best analysis I can offer that will effectively answer your question is this: 

 1) yes, all humans refer to past experiences, to a degree, to make sense of things they take in. 

2) Think of Si as the way you perceive and process information. Jung essentially contrasts Se and Si in the following way: Se is guided by the intensity of objective influences whereas Si is guided by the influences of subjective influences. To break this down - consider it this way: Si is like mapmaking. You use your experiences to fill in the map until its completion. When you are in new territory, you refer to your map to see if it offers any help in understanding. When interacting *within* the confines of the map, you use the map. It is a tool that you rely on. The map is the composite of your subjective experiences. For Se, you might say that every new experience is its own map. There's no map. It doesn't matter. 

For Si-tert users like yourself, you have likely grown pretty comfortably into Si as you've matured. It likely blends pretty seamlessly with Fi, and what this likely feels like is comfort, safety, and the order of your inner world. Do you have certain rituals or sentimental feelings about specific things that feel too important to necessarily share with others? I definitely do, even with inferior Si. Do you take comfort in familiarity, both literally and also to figurative things? Do you find yourself coming back to things that are important to you and exploring "histories" of things? These are some of the general characteristics of a Fi-Si.  Why do I sometimes slip into Si tendencies in times of distress? Is this a glitch?!? &gt; I suspect I get F because on issues with debates and arguments, I said I'd rather deal with everyone being happy and feeling good. In fact, I might just be condescending in this way, because usually I don't see someone trying to debate me as having any substantive point. I feel like I'm allergic to strong emotive expressions and attitudes, and if someone comes at me with that, I think less of them.

well, theoretically, some would say this is pretty characteristic of Fe/low Fi. Everything else about your comment leads me to suspect you're likely more of an INTP than an INFP. I could be way off. That being said - keep looking into it. There are a ton of better tests out there, such as tests that will test your cognitive functions. I would start there - with looking into cognitive functions - because it is an effective way to shed more insight. Speaking very generally, I have always heard that INTJs and ISTJs are "masters of thy-self". I've always found this, generally speaking, to be somewhat true.Hello hello hellooooooENFP - historically democratic and am a huge Obama fan. Politics is a constant game of reaction - reacting to the current mess left by the guy before you. It is a tug-of-war between thesis and antithesis. Nothing is occurring in a  vacuum. I would put my support behind any reformist who could break this stalemate - I believe the answer is in the dialectic (and I'm not necessarily talking about Bernie Sanders - he's a little too idealistic). 

It's hard for me to take sides in politics. How can you not look at the results of the 2016 election in America and *not* expand/grow, or at the very least question your own preconceptions and stances? There's so much we (liberals) were blind-sided by so I've been trying to listen as much as I can to those I politically disagree with most and this has really made things a lot more complex than either being in this camp or that camp. I do draw a big red line with key issues though, and I vehemently hate Trump's personal temperament, intentions, and motives. 

My view on ideologies is that they tend to be nothing more than appealing theoretical exercises. I think socialism is anti-American and wouldn't work in America, and frankly I see it as an indulgence for liberals. I think libertarianism is an extremely slippery slope and puts those less advantaged at risk to be preyed upon by those with money; it's not always conducive to protecting the environment and mitigating the affects of big money in politics. There are things that I believe the government needs to regulate. Honestly - I see both of these as half-baked ideologies that are attractive to edgy teenagers. I dislike how binary issues have become. We need a reformist to come in and implement realistic, achievable, thoughtful changes and do it with the best intentions for the republic. 



What poem is this from. That was beautiful, mateAgreed completely. I've had the most issues with understanding ESTPs and ISTPs. Se and Ti are difficult ones for me. &gt; just.. why??????????????????

This is the quickest way to make an Ne-dom self-destruct. [This is gonna be a hard one but I'm^gonna^have^to^go^with](https://media.giphy.com/media/PKIqMzi2PYrqU/giphy.gif)1. Pride

2. Gluttony 

3. LustI had soooo much fun doing this 

[ENTP - Steve McQueen (this is my FAVORITE song so it's so hard to toss you guys this one)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8Iqskd_Vq8) 

[INFP - A Circular Reeducation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOgf-YP5W2M) 

[INTP - So many details](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0_ardwzTrA) 

[ENFP - Grace Kelly](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CGVgAYJyjk) 

[ISFJ - Ooh La La](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--HaFAtC17U) 

[ISTJ - Bron-Yr-Aur](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YZ_lIpG1XQ) 

[ISFP - Kamikaze](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVD9j36Ke94) 

[ISTP - Belfast (can you believe this song came out in like 1991?)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5vGjCoQM1s) 

[ESTJ - The Wolf (ignore the stupid bonnaroo music video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vD3iXpv4h-o) 

[ESFP - I touch myself (god this is a personal fav of mine)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wv-34w8kGPM) 

[ESTP - Alright](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAQI7CHJU9k) 

[INFJ - Life on mars?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v--IqqusnNQ) 

[ENFJ - language](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vsy1URDYK88) 


[INTJ - A three-legged workhorse (a personal favorite song of mine)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BSHAXpNey0) 

[ENTJ - Lazaretto](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qI-95cTMeLM)

[ESFJ - It all feels right](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJILRWBKnQ4) Not everyone is a Zeppelin fan. It's a very beautiful song. I struggled with this oneThe Jimmy Page piece is near and dear to me. And those are both great additions...Kudos to the Anoushka Shankar/Thievery Corp piece too - I'm a huge fan. Also a huge fan of Ravi Shankar. Do you like [Alice Coltrane](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQtEFdyhgdE)? Ok. Fair criticism. I think many of us are naturally vulnerable to submitting ourselves to our own fantasies and our own romantic realities. Fi also comes with emotional manipulation. I always think about what my Fe-counterparts would do and realize I'm more petty, passive-aggressive, and particular. I'm a morning person and my attentiveness is sharp in the morning and slowly declines throughout the work day. I'm usually exhausted at the end of the day - if I'm not, then I don't feel proud of myself - and I usually shut off around 6 or 7pm and slip into my out-to-lunch alter-ego who likes to chill and zone out and not make decisions anymore and fall asleep on the couch with half a frozen pizza on my chest. I've always felt I could connect well with ENTJs - there's good opportunity for balance there re: seriousness vs. playfulness and I could always look past the abrasiveness by checking it with humor. ENTJs (most) are also terrific to work with and I think when our two types compliment each other, we have the potential to grow.Making a big generalization here but if I'm being asked an honest question, I'll answer has honestly as I can. 

ESTPs and to a lesser extent ESFPs can get on my nerves a lot. I think it's the high Se, or the "fireman" instinct that exhausts or irritates me. It feels like every little occurrence or situation ends up being blown into this big ordeal with people who have this quality. 

Short anecdote: my step-sister is an ESTP and whenever one of our dogs gets out or runs away, it's like the world is crashing down. She's out in the streets talking to neighbors, running through roads SCREAMING and (very effectively, I must add) dealing with the situation. Maybe I'm lazy or a bad person, but honestly there's not that much control we have over the situation and if the dog comes back, it'll do it on its own. I honestly think she's stimulated by these types of situations and then I feel bad for not helping. 

I work with another ESTP who co-manages with me and we couldn't have more different styles. I think it's the overreacting to little things and the fact that every little issue or project that comes up is the single-most important thing in the universe at that moment and nothing else matters. It's a level of intensity I don't understand or receive well. 

ok I'm done bitching. Yo he's an ESFP. His immature Fi is his greatest strength and his greatest weakness. I like this person they're nice to me, I don't like this news agency they are mean. Everything is a value judgment and he's very vocal about who he likes. It lends itself to his...*charisma*...and populist appeal. I can tell that you...like me...are a man that likes to party. That's a really good point, I have to cave. Maybe this comes from a place of jealousy. Imagining a world without these type of people is scary. They are definitely the best people to have in survival situations... or when serious shit is going down. ESFP because everything he says or thinks revolves around his own value judgments. "I don't like this person they were mean to me", "I like this person he treated me very nice", etc. I do not see Ti in his temperament at all, and think people like to prescribe ESTP by looking at how he behaves without trying to analyze the factors that motivate him. Ball park.....ENTP. But the important thing for you to remember is that you are one of the biggest times of transition in your life where 1) you may be in settings (as an extrovert) that do not necessarily bring out your true personality/behavior (especially for us Ne-doms, it's like overload), and 2) you're still maturing and are going through a hypersensitive self-identification period that may make it harder to objectively analyze yourself. And that's ok. 

I make these two points simply because I sympathize with you. I've always known I was either an INFP or an ENFP, but I was also in a fraternity and experienced the same isolated feeling arising from any prolonged experience shared with a bunch of people who you know you truly and simply can't relate to on anything more than a superficial level. I'm 27 now and once you're out, it's easier to get your head straight - the reason you're here now is because you're doing some soul-searching.  Again, my two-cents definitely is ENTP. You sound incredibly aspiring, curious, analytical, and excited. Many of the characteristics you listed in the ENFP stereotypes section of your post actually point towards ENTP (especially an early adult). I've always felt [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8Iqskd_Vq8) captures this feeling perfectly. 

Keep searching, reflecting, and growing. You're 21 and in 6 years from now you're going to be in such an unbelievably different place than you thought you would be. It's all perfect. 

Why can’t they be ESFP power plays? He makes decisions based on how he feels about people, events, news stories. I don’t think he is doing any analysis, or really anything, other than emotionally/impulsively reacting to how nice or mean people are treating him. Alright - so I'm kinda hammered right now, but I was commenting on another users' post and I had a marvel thought. Disclaimer to anyone who will proceed to take this post too seriously: I'm speculating, I haven't thought through it too much, and my theoretical knowledge and understanding of cognitive functions and MBTI is no more than average. 

Here's the thought I had. In genetics, organisms have a genotype and a phenotype. Their genotype is their actual, physical genetic makeup while their phenotype is the physical rendering/display of their genotype; phenotype is the rendering of the backend code, or genotype.  Biologically speaking, often times a phenotype is not a perfect reflection of the respective genotype. 

Now let's say that behavior is kinda like phenotypic expression and tendencies and dispotions (aka the extent of MBTI types) is the genotype. This kind of makes sense because one of the fundamental flaws we experience with typology is mistaking behavior (phenotype, stereotypes) as disposition or natural tendency (genotype). 

This reductionist model is incredibly rudimentary, but I got super excited when I thought of it because it's an incredibly simple, elementary comparison between behavior and disposition and, if it actually has some explanatory value, may serve as a good teaching point to new-comers to MBTI. 

Now...can I get an ENTP up in this bitch to point out the flaws and inconsistencies? Now, the last thing I want to do is start any sort of debate about all of the current political and social issues going on - so please keep that in mind. 

I'm just wondering how each type sees things. I'm an American and there have been no shortage of heated issues lately. Without getting into them, what's everyone's overall **general** MO for 1) becomming informed and then 2) deciding where they stand in regards to ideology? 

I'm asking because I consider myself relatively informed and a pretty decent critical thinker. With everything going on, I think it's incredibly healthy to talk to other people and hear their opinions and why. This helps me, because I've unfortunately had such a hard time making up my mind or positioning myself on any sort of a side (why do we even have to take sides?). Anyways, this is a total Ne question so please indulge me in your thoughts. 

edit: I think this is subconsciously a result of the fact that every time I go on Facebook I see post after post of extremely one-sided, heated rhetoric. While I never reject the arguments I see, I have a personal issue with people blindly defaulting to certain sides of the playing field without critically thinking what they, themselves, truly believe in as individuals. ...and had to pick two (2) other types, excluding your own type, who would you pick and why? 

I'll start. I'd pick an ISTP and an ENFJ so I could team up with the ISTP and make fun of the ENFJ, but then when the ISTP was off doing ISTP-things like drawing up blue-prints for a make-shift raft of sea turtles and back-hair, I could hang out with the ENFJ and fantasize about what we would do after we got off the island.

 Just wanted to do a little shoutout to all the ESTJs out there today. I was sitting on my porch thinking about some of my friends this morning, and realized quite a few people that I think very, very highly of are ESTJs. I'll speak towards one in particular. 

This one dude I know is perhaps the most fun, down-to-earth, put together guy I've met in a long time. He's got a great job, a ton of cool things (bikes, guitars, etc.) and an incredible adventuring personality. His Te is off the charts - he's always planning his weekends, future vacations, afternoons out to a tee. He's never idle, he's constantly doing something or hanging out with people. One of the most personable guys I've ever met - he remembers absolutely everything and everyone super well, and people flock to him because he is such a strong, warm, make-things-happen type guy. Complete alpha. I always have a great time with him and he's such a great person to talk to and learn interesting things from. No ego, no reckless behavior, everything is calculated and planned out beforehand to the point where it's so convenient to just tag along with him. 

Anyways, I'm realizing now that I'm rambling and this all may sound uninteresting, but I don't think the ESTJs, among other types, get enough credit in the world. In many ways, I admire my ESTJ friend and even look up to him - he gets shit done, has a rich full action-packed life, is extremely well organized and will likely continue to have an incredibly convenient life. That's a lot more than I can say about myself. We could all use a little more ESTJ in our lives, huh guys? I do some consultation in the healthcare industry and recently, have come across a new model that many organizations are adopting. It is referred to as the Lean-RCI philosophy, and the tl;dr of it is that it is a process-driven approach to maximizing efficiency by getting rid of waste (inefficiency). RCI stands for Rapid Continuous Improvement. 

[Here's more information.] (http://www.tudorgroupllc.com/lean-rci/)

It got me thinking - isn't this a good example of Te manifest? Or am I seeing a false connection here? Better minds will be able to tell - and I'm curious. 

Disclaimer: this is just for fun. 

First off - if you're looking for something awesome to listen to on the commute to work, check our Serial podcasts. I just listened to season 2 which was the story of Bower Bergdahl, who spent 5 years as a US Army POW in Afghanistan/Pakistan. It's a great story. 

Since concluding, I wanted to open up a discussion to those who have listened to the podcast, or are otherwise familiar with the person/story to collaborate ideas. 

My deduction is that he seems like he could be an ISFJ, but I can't say I'm confident about that. He's a black sheep in the STJ military and countless times, people who know him well have described him as having a Guardian temperament. Manners, respect, and values are incredibly important to him and it bothered him when his platoon and his commanders weren't living up to those ideals and expectations. He's also referred to by countless people in the series as a traditionalist, and ultra-old-school. For these reasons, I think there's a compelling case for ISFJ after you take in the entire picture. 

ENFP, Language, social, self. This sounds fun!
Edit: Formatting 

- I love to write. I love to create something that is personable to me but also to others. This extends to art, dance, expressions but I find that writing always makes it back to the top of the list :) 


- I thrive on emotional intensity. I love feeling close and intimate to my friends and loved ones, and I can spend all day discussing and debating things in which I find absolutely fascinating. 


- I strongly believe in the importance of art and the humanities, in that it adds multiple layers and dimensions to our lives and their meanings. 


- I love abstract language and metaphors. And because of this, I'm (sometimes) drawn to poetry. 


- I'm something of a social chameleon. I have my super quiet, socially awkward moments where I'll be really shy and anxious around people, but also have my really loud goofy moments when I'll feel like I'm at the top of the world and can conquer all of life's challenges! 


- All my friends tell me I'm weird. I've learnt to accept and live with that :) Though I do agree with them that at times my jokes do get really lame. I love puns :3 


- I have many different passions and interests, and I find myself drawn to them intermittently. These interests include: quantum physics, fantasy and books, psychology, philosophy, personality theory. 


- I love my friends and I can literally spend all day everyday with them if they'd let me! I find that most of my closer, long-term friends tend to be introverts though.



Ok that's it. This list is getting a bit too long :3 Thanks for making it through. ENFP? ENTP? :) ENFP or INFP? yeah! ^_ ^ I actually don't know, probably because I'm  an ENFP and I relate a lot to what you've written on quite a deep level... &gt;_&lt; 

I'd suggest you read up on Socionics or do a cognitive function-based personality test! 

This website would be good! http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm

nope but really close :) ENFPinterpersonal - ENFPENFP, 34/36Loyalty, Reverence, Shyness ENFP :P Did it a second time with slightly different answers and got Loyalty Independence and Sensitivity! All 6 traits seem quite accurate though!Woops! 5 I mean Hey! A fellow Singaporean on this subreddit :) I really relate to what you're saying. It does feel sometimes that our country is very stifling, especially with how regulated and structured everything is. But what I've found that have really helped is to be surrounded by like-minded individuals! You can go out there and do/experience what you love with these amazing people! It'll really add a whole new dimension to your life in this city. 

If you need anyone to talk to feel free to pm me e: I'll be more than happy to provide a listening ear. Haha we try :P Damn. That was really motivational. :P I would have to wholeheartedly agree that this "grind" is perpetual regardless of geographical location/culture. Hence, it's really quite amazing and liberating to realise that the change begins with us, internally, and not so much externally. 

And as we change, the world changes for us too! We start to see things in a completely different light. To add on to ENTJragemode's legacy point, I would also say to try everything and anything extensively. Trying new stuff allow us to gain new insights and perspectives, which in turn increases your chances at discovering what your vocation and passion truly is. I feel that the process of discovery itself, and pursuing them really lets life bloom in full vibrancy and color for you. :) 

Hey, it won't be easy. Our country's culture can be quite rigid and unforgiving at times, but there are always two sides to the coin! We have a very diverse scene, and really, there's so much to explore and learn :) We don't always have to go the conventional route to discover ourselves! Everyone's journey really is unique and beautiful in its own way, and it's really okay to start from Singapore. I'm really sure there are individuals here who love what you do, and see the world in ways that you do too! 
&gt; "

Girl, INFJs and ESTPs have a Conflict relationship (http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations), that is far from perfect, in fact it's the worst kind of relationship in socionics. 

P.S. Yes, lazy ESTPs exist, my ISFJ bff dated an ESTP guy for 5 years and he had serious, I mean SERIOUS cleanliness issues. He also didn't work for 10 years and expected his parents (and my ISFJ friend) to support him. So yeah, not a fan of ESTPs.Girl, if you were ENFP you would know. You would constantly be going from one extreme emotion to its opposite. That's the ENFP life.Ususally, when someone doesn't know what type they are, they are INFP.ENFP - overly emotional and flakyYou guys don't know shit. ESTP and INFP have a dualistic relationship, which is pretty much the best you can get in socionics........ Dude, ISFJ. The ISFJ keeps giving and the ESTP keeps taking.If you have an easy time getting along with people and don't get caught up on your own opinion about things, you are probably INTPENTJAlso please know that Harvey Specter is DEFINITELY ENTPI am ENFP and it happens very often to me that I project people I know onto fictional characters, and I do this to a fault. But in regards of seeing yourself, I'd say the INFP is most likely yes&lt;&lt;bit off topic&gt;&gt; Could you explain how INFJs are perceivers (INFp)? I'm very interested in socionics and functions but still don't get the transition from mbti types to socionic typesOkay, so is the INFP actually INFj because it's dom function is Fi?Definitely not me. I see big "mindblowing" ideas in the dumbest of stories. I believe your friend is not an ISFJ. ISFJs and ENFPs have a really good, caring and accepting relationship. I can testify to that, because my best friend is an ISFJ, and most of our friends are other ENFPs that she simply adores. Your reply helped me clear out the things in my head a bit, thanks. I realized the only times I don't want to share my feelings (because  usually I just can't get enough occasions to throw them in someone's face) is when I am ashamed of them, indeed. They are embarrassing to me and my pride is stopping me from letting the person responsible know. Overall I'd rather just me not being the sort of person who has anxieties like this, than to demand explanation from others. 

That's why I really like your advice about detachment, and I actually apply this to most areas of my life. But I can't do it in my close relationships, because my communication style is carefree and all-out and without confidence and comfort, I feel crippled in the relationship. 

I suppose I'll have to work either on my pride or the grudge, but either way I agree that most of the work is going to be internal. You sound like an ENTP. Take this from an extreme ENFP who's surrounded by ENTPs since birth. Could you explain further? I knew an INTJ for a while who was a very smart, funny person but for some reason (I couldn't understand it) he seemed like such a push-over! He helped others to the extent that it burdened his own life. From my perspective, it seemed like he was doing it because he just couldn't say no. Is that what you are talking about? 

Here (http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations) you can see what is your relation to other types and see which ones are less likely to take advantage of you. For the record, INTJs are INTP according to socionics.I'm not sure it's the same situation with you, although the INTJ did ditch my friend saying they didn't know how to handle the relationship or how to satisfy their needs. 

On the other hand, they seemed to let their friends use their apartment whenever, supported their ex financially even after breakup and a bunch of other "selfless" actions where they seemed to not consider their own interest at all. 

My guess is INTJs have a hard time deciding  when to act for themselves or when to be selfless (if that is infact what you're talking about). Maybe you need to inquire whether this is a problem of communication and social behavior or a problem of inner priorities. 

If I had to bet, I'd say both, alongside an overthinking problem that keeps you distant from your intuition and feelings. Word. Mmno, I am the opposite of that. I can only watch one show at a time and I become obsessed with it. Same with books. For me, having Observing (S) friends with my Intuitive (N) ones in the group makes it more awkward and less "flow"-y. I'm good when I'm just with the Observants but an unevenly mixed room (i. E. 3 N - 1 S) isn't ideal for me, as I keep trying to balance the conversation both ways and eventually get tired. INTJs and INTPs aren't smart, they're just maybe more likely to want their opinions/intellect/humour to be the things people judge them by. That's why they're also more likely to want to "appear smart" in conversation. I don't know if that's entirely related to IQ. Same, prefer get togethers. At party's I mostly dance and drink quietly and look at my phone, while at get togethers I talk, get overexcited and want to included at everything that goes on, almost never even look at my phone. My proglem with INFPs is definitely not that they are too emotional, because I know how to handle that. 

What turns me off about them is how detached from reality and self-awareness they are. (Most of my friends and people I know are INFPs, for some reason, and IF I have to be honest, I can get easily annoyed with them for their random INFP weaknesses. )Thats quite an Infp thing to sayI'm struggling with my relationships to my closest ones lately and I suspect it's because I've become moodier and get easily hurt/offended by something they did. Is it one of my 8 functions  causing me to hold grudges or feel hurt even after my external relationship with the person is "back to normal"? It's like a dull sensation that my feelings for them have changed and I don't feel as comfortable in the relationship anymore. How do I get better at letting things go?

I know that especially for ENFPs talking honestly and directly to the other person does wonders but conversation about my feelings often makes me defensive and becomes an argument. Intertype relations are more closely related to socionics, so I don't know how much support it might meet here. Here (http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations ) you can figure out your relations to other types.

To the point - is there anyone here who married their Kindred partner and made it work? Kindred partners are those of the same leading function and an opposing creative function. Mine, for example, is ENTP. 

After 2 years, my ENTP SO and I are still very much in love. But while there are a huge number of issues that we've overcome, we still fight over the same things. It's obvious that it's always a collision of Fi vs Ti that ends up hurting both of us daily. It's a passionate but very dramatic relationship where we've broken up and gotten back together 7 times. 

I'd really like to hear a positive story of Kindred partners who made it work. My parents are the only example I have, they were an ENFP-ENTP couple that got divorced and remarried, and divorced again - ending up with never speaking to each other again. Literally. It's a really messed up relationship and I'm scared to death of it. It's in my head all the time and I wish I'd never found out about MBTI in the first place. 

Any stories would be greatly appreciated (as you can tell by my dramatic tone)INFPs and INTPs
INFPs often strike me as fake and self-involved and INTPs as negative and intolerant.ENFP and my boyfriend of 1 year is an ESFP. Communication is ridiculously easy, he is very invested in my crazy theories and feelings at all times. I'm having a hard time dealing with his chase of social status and all the small, trivial things that piss him off daily.INFJ confirmedI don't know if this would help but.. I think it's possible that you have mistyped either him or yourself. ENFP and ISTJ have Duality, and as an ENFP I can tell you communication problems with ISxJs is something I could never have. Because of our simmetric inter-personality relations, they always seem transparent to me and I to them, thus we can understand each other effortlessly. 

What yoy described sounds like he could be an ISTP, in which case your relations would be Conflict. No understanding in communication and interpretation of the partner's behavior. 

I don't know if this helps you feel better, but maybe knowing that if your communication really IS that dificult only 2 months in, then most likely your inter-type relations aren't good. If I've learned anything from the 3 serious relationships in my life, it's that inter-type relations turn out to be the deciding factor in the end. 

You can read more about them by googling "socionics intertype relations" and I really think that knowing if your main functions are in opposition could help you accept the fact that  you don't belong together more easily.

Source: My 3 year long struggle to make an epic love story between me and an ENTP work, only to realize that no force in the world can make Fi vs. Ti painless.
I really loved elementary school and middle school because I was somewhat of a social butterfly. But once high school hit, I started to severely dislike school because I lost interest in the social "game." In high school, I literally only got along well with teachers. I was basically a loner. Also, because of my upbringing, I was completely uninterested in house parties, "dating," drinking, smoking, and all of that general teen rebellion, so I couldn't connect as much with my peers. However, I did exceptional in the academics; particularly English. (not math, that was horrible)I don't really use my alone time to relax or go over things in my head. Well, if I need to go over things, I usually speak them out loud to figure out my main idea, conclusion, or theory. I can be quiet too, but I usually am only quiet when I am around someone who is more extroverted than I am. So I'm pretty good at adapting to whoever it is I'm with, based on the way they are acting. 

I think you could be INFP rather than ENFP. But the line is pretty blurry between these two types anyway IMO. I often think I'm an ambivert. I rarely get INFP as a test result though.Yeah I had low self esteem from being such a loner in high school. But now at my workplace, I feel like I'm gaining it back because people seem to like me a lot. (Like woah, I can be good at social stuff again?) But I am in college too and I live 2 hours away so I don't connect much with my college peers.I really appreciate this! You put my thoughts into words. I think this is very true, as I've had people around me, who are for the most part more cynical, point out my sincerity and how close I seem to be to my heart's truths. Personally, I have a lot of faith and hope in humanity, and I think my interactions with people really help to instill my own core beliefs and passions about the world into them. (Sorry for tooting my own horn.) Maybe I'm just a very self-important, self-valuing ENFP...

PS - I'm an actor. So maybe that plays a part in why I don't really focus that much of my energy on thinking about STEM fields in the first place, OP.Yeah I've been trying to but my schedule is usually too packed. I went swimming today and that was great!I wouldn't wish to be anything else other than ENFP. It's kind of interesting. I'm not much of a redditor, but I just happened to come into this subreddit today, and I was surprised to find so many down-on-themselves ENFPs. Maybe I'm just a really arrogant ENFP... Or maybe there is a certain strain of ENFPs that are more likely to be found here on Reddit. (I tend to be on Youtube or Tumblr more)I get really nervous before doing presentations in college, but I'd rather do a presentation or a paper than a multiple choice exam. I used to be a public speaking champion in the district finals when I was younger, and I do still MC from time to time. Whenever I have alone time, I usually end up cheering for people online somehow--becoming a fan of this artist or this Youtuber, etc. I usually only crave social time with people who I am already close with, people who already know me well. For people I don't know as well or people I don't think I vibe with, I'm a hermit crab. 

I don't know if any of this info helps. I wonder if you figured out your type yet. GL :)-reserved and intimidating or cold/unreadable ("too cool")

This is just because I don't like to interact with many people and I can be picky about people I initiate conversation with. I'm also a very intense, serious, real person. I hate small talk. 

-cute and innocent ("sweetheart")

Well, I love stuffed animals. And animals. And I'm basically a fashion guru. And I have a baby face so people think I'm way younger than I actually am. I would never do that. I very seldom tell any lies or say things without sincerity. I got anxious over "lies" like not having my driver's license with me while I was driving. For me, my values are extremely important and I'm too stubborn to go for anything less than complete authenticity. I actually actively make sure I am being true to myself, from the way of talking to the dressing. 

However, I'm sure people think I'm pretentious for other reasons. I'm a very artsy person. I like to write songs even though I have no musical training. And I started writing novels when I was 10 years old (just unofficially, on my computer.)Awesome! :)yeah!
as an ENFP female with an ISFJ male friend, i was initially confused as to why he didn't talk much or "had anything important/interesting to say", or would bluntly just reply "ok." to my questions in person or through text. i felt like i was annoying him whenever i would try to pry him open, but eventually i think i gained his trust and now we're pretty good buddies!

i think what your problem is, is that it isn't actually YOUR problem, it's everyone else's. it sounds like you're surrounded by assholes. if people are hating you based on your outer appearance, then they aren't very good people to begin with.

also yeah this subreddit is pretty shitty when it comes to downvoting.okokokokokany film directed by Wes Anderson = ENFPyaaaaaaas sailor moon!!!an asshole.yoooooooooowasn't trying to be edgy just being honest lol. he's so asinine neither i or anyone in this thread can come to a conclusion on his true type. he just puts on an asshole persona so much of the time, just trying to make people mad, that i can't determine whether or not he has an actual personality behind his façade.that's hoti came here to have a good time and i'm honestly feeling so attacked right now people change. (8it was a joke about how the community here change their opinions constantly. sozsamei'm in"you're annoying"at least i'm not a total nerd HAHAHAHAHAHA literally robbie rotten. always tired, upset, overly emotional in general and super duper extra when he wants to be.yes yessame, this has been happening to me for like the past 6 years. idk, i guess my answers depend on my mood and that affects my results. either way, i'm usually like 1% over on either side of the E/I spectrum. which doesn't make sense because it affects how your functions are stacked. i've done research myself and decided that i'm probably an ENFP according to my functions. i do have introverted tendencies. most of the time i just identify as NFP.definitely take a test to see how your functions stack, and that'll give you more clarity. for me, both my Ne and Fi are at 100% use, so it kind of confused me more lololyeah sure okthis comment is actually me, good job okbro get a therapistthey're lame lmaoi hate saying it but yeah i've met quite a few ISFJs like this.i was always interesting, bitchwhat the fuckquit being a meanieENFP, 4.absolutely disappointed that enfp isn’t stimpycalm downwe always text to ask if you wanna get food at 2 am and will pay if you say you don’t have moneyoh hell yes i get a Garage 54 fucked up cari like 1, 6, 7. i enjoy fromsoft and team ico games the most, but i play generally anything tbh.huh???? 😭😭😭enfp - determination (pink) and confident (lavender)damb we got cake 😳better call saullmao thanks!asoingbop isn’t ENFP? that is sussy right there 👊👊👊
Intrapersonal
I get what you say, not to stereotype anyone, but yeah that's how he is. He's seen that his parents succeeded that way and wants to repeat it exactly the same way (I mean EXACTLY)Well actually I love coffee but it never affected me. Like if I'm sleepy, I'll still be sleepy after a cup of coffee. Maybe I fool myself to stay a little bit more awake. And if I'm excited, I'm fucking excited and caffeine won't make me even more excited cause I don't think it's humanly possible.

Alcohol, on the other hand, makes me more loose. I haven't been drunk in a while, but back in the day I usually used to entertain people. Also I said and did things I probably shouldn't haveENFP. Absolutely everything I can. I like looking at how people behave, their routines. How they are happy cause they're with there children, or friends or partners, or sad, or focused in their tasks, or annoyed. I like looking at the cars honking at each other in a red light, old people being cute. If there's a dog, the dog for sure. The clouds, the sky itself. The trees and how and why they are moving with the wind. Children, if I can, and always in a non-creepy environment (I don't go to the park, sit in the bench, and watch children play. I just come across them) I love children they are the best. So innocent, playing in the park or falling asleep on top of their parents. Ted Mosby, sometimes. Like he's love of life and all that, and also the silliness of Phil Dunphy from Modern Family. Also George Bailey from It's a Wonderful LifeWell, in moments like these I like to quote a wise man called [Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore](http://images5.fanpop.com/image/photos/27800000/Albus-Dumbledore-albus-dumbledore-27842302-500-185.gif?1339597739719). With that in mind and your preference to act a certain way, you qualify as an intuitive, the way I see it. This is me, right? But I consider myself (and have been told) to be a great listener. But, as my fellow ENFPs have said, I do this a lot too. Like when I saw the title I thought of myself. But not with those silly  stories OP said, like I love telling stories and anecdotes when I think they are worth telling, and I consider I deliver them correctly and people tend to like them. I'm not trying to flatter myself, I'm just trying to illustrate that when we (probably not all ENFPs are like this, but I'm guessing most) go into long rambles of speach is when we think they audience and moment is right for that particular story. Usually, it works. But that doesn't take away the fact that we are good listeners when we need to be. I for one can do a hell lot of talking and a hell lot of listening in one same conversation As ENFP I sometimes do this, but not without thinking who I'm talking to and what I'm gonna say. What you said reminds me very annoyingly much to a close friend of mine, who I'm almost dead sure is an ESTJ, maybe an ISTJ. He always tell the same stories, many which I have lived with him, and usually spices them up, making him look better or more *heroic*, maybe. Taking an example from yours, let's pretend he stood up to his boss. He would tell it as David vs Golliat, with him defending his honour and taking no BS from anyone, when probably what happened is that he asked him for a raise, the boss said no, he insisted and got it (for example, this never happened). Hope this helpsMy favourite is 16personalities.com, it's very reader friendly I pretend a lot. I find it so easy to make things up. I mean, I mostly do it for fun. But when you sound convinced people will believe anything. The more details I put into the story the better. This can also be very useful in some situations. People thought I wasn’t good at lying so I could get away with anything back in school. That being said, I can relate to the other things too. I have plenty of social media accounts for different uses. Like one for playing games, one for posting, one for commenting, one for both, etc. And I think I’ve outgrown it, but when I was younger I always would pick up things others said or little stuff they did, before I started questioning why the hell I wasn’t being original. ENFP here. I like a classy look. Not a suit of course, but a clean cut look. Shirts, shoes, blazers and such. It’s kind of expensive but I’d die before wearing a T shirt in public. My best friend. We’d be scared but we’d be having so much fun, we would treat is as a great adventure we’re living together. He loves forests and so do IThe thing is, when I discovered all the MBTI I found it completely great but my friends just don't like this sort of things. And some might even lie if I make them take the test, cause they are embarrased.
I tried taking the test pretending to be them but I don't know if this is the best way to find out.
So, is there a way I can tell without having to bother them? 
Thanks a million!Hello beautiful people! So, help me out here please.
I have this friend, let's call him Harry, whom I known since 2004 when we were very very young (8 or 9 I think). I've never been able to tell if he's an I or an E. So here goes
He likes to hang out with people and has lot's of friends too. He always wants to be liked and pretends to be something he's not just to be liked. But, he is hard to get to know and doesn't trust that much people. He keeps very much to himself, and when discussing issues, he just wanna talk about his own. He tries to control everything and can't accept that people won't do things his own way. It's his way or it's wrong. Also, he needs constant stability. He would study a normal career just cause his parents did and he wants to repeat their life instead of live his own. 
I got very off topic, maybe you can help me figure out his whole type? Thank you very much!I'm asking because I never see people using this when defining themselves. I'm aware that the cognitive functions and roles are more defining, but I wouldn't take away credit from this as well. When I first took the test, I did it on [this](https://www.16personalities.com/) page and it gave me the 4 letters, ENFP, and A for Assertive. It said that I usually was laid back, handle stress easily and all that kinda things, which are completely true about me. 

I was wondering how much do people think about this, and how do you think defines a type within itself?I get it that you wanna be subtle, but be careful. I let good opportunities glide away because I was too scared to show my emotions. If you really like this guy, you should take a little action and see where it gets you. 

When I was 16 I never could tell if a girl liked me or not. Maybe this pal is more confident than I was back then, but I used to asume people wouldn’t like me. I had plenty of contact with girls back in high school and I couldn’t tell if they liked me. I mean I had friends in my class, and good relationships with younger and older students too. 

The truth is, guys lack some awareness and can be very oblivious. What may be an obvious hint from you, he might not even notice or think that you’re being friendly. You have to do something with him that you wouldn’t with others. Just to be clear, I’m not talking sexually. I mean like spend more time with him or touch him (again, not sexually) but breaking the touch barrier is key, I think. If he hugs you hug him back and all of that. Don’t let him take advantage though. I don’t know this fellow but I was more drawn by the romantic side, rather than the sexual. Be flirtatious. I really don’t know how to explain it, but there’s something in teasing and chatting, laughing together and creating a certain tension between you two, something that he may not quite be able to put his finger on but he knows it’s not just a regular friendship. This you’ll know better than us how to do since you know how he is and how you are. I get the feeling you’re a bit shy so I know I’m asking a huge deal by this. If you really like him, you’ll need to step out a little. What you need is some sort of interaction where someone can take the first step. A party or a ball, whatever, where you are in a different environment than you usually are. 

Another word of advice, don’t play hard to get that much. He’ll think you’re not interested and he won’t wanna bother you. When a girl plays hard to get I just dismiss the idea of dating her because I think she’s not interested and I don’t want to be invasive. Most guys can’t tell the difference between playing hard to get and actual lack of interest. Also, be warmer! Start conversations with him, not always but sometimes, so he knows it’s cool talking to you. If you can extend that bond you share to outside school, whether you do an activity together or message each other more actively, that will help deepen that bond. You don’t have to chat everyday, just don’t let it die out. 

Avoid sharing too much personal information in the hope of being more intimate. If you’re having a personal conversation and you really feel comfortable telling him, that’s fine. Just don’t use it as a way to gain his trust. You’ll know how much to share. And never do anything you don’t want to, or don’t feel comfortable doing. You do have to step out of your comfort zone a bit, but never do something you really don’t want to. You’re young, don’t rush too much into things you’re not sure.

Last thing is, you read the signs you want to read. If he likes you he’ll try and find them, if he doesn’t he’ll stay oblivious. Don’t get your hopes up too much. And if it doesn’t work, I promise you you’ll get over it with time. 

I feel like I rambled a bit too much, sorry about that! Oh and one last thing, you don’t need a reason to like this guy. You just do, no need to explain it or find reasons why you like him. 

Being 16 is hard. People will dismiss your feelings and you don’t have enough support in school to go through all the things a 16 year old does. Everything seems worse and harder than it really is. The fear of humiliation is big and I totally understand that you’re afraid he or others might find out you like him. Talk it out with a friend you trust. Let people who know both of you put an input. Again, someone you really trust. Maybe just one person, and if you don’t have anyone that’s ok. I hope I’d been helpful, at least a bit. I feel like I could’ve said much more or been a little more straight and to the point. Feel free to PM me if you need anymore help. Don’t let anyone tell you that your struggles are “nothing compared to what you’ll have to go through as an adult”. You’re a teenager and that’s your place right now. So if a high school crush seems stupid to some folks, don’t listen to them. What you’re going through is a very real experience Shyness and anxiety may work differently with different people. I’ve never been really shy but I did get overwhelmed when initiating conversation with a girl I liked. You have to gather the courage, maybe find your own way. You don’t have to be phony or anything, stay true to your gut feeling. I mean, if he says something funny laugh normally, don’t overdo it. Maybe your gut feeling tells you to be cold, or avoid him, or whatever. That’s not what you want, so you said. You want to talk to him and be with him, and you want him to see how wonderful a person you are and that maybe you could be together. 

What you need to do is relax. I know, trust me, that all of this is so much easier said than done. And phrases such as “relax”, “be yourself”, or “gather the courage” are empty of meaning. What you want is to find a way to do this. Don’t overthink. What you’re afraid of is not that he finds out you like him, it’s his rejection to this. Relax please. Take a deep breath and do it. It’s like jumping into a swimming pool. 

Intimidating social situations are only such because we deem them so. You need to know you’re worth it. That your input is just as valuable as everyone else’s and that just as you think you’d be lucky to have this guy, this guy would be lucky to have you. Don’t put him on a pedestal. I don’t know if you’re doing it, by any measure, but it’s fairly common, moreover in teen crushes. I did this a lot. I thought the girls I liked were either too good for me, or that they were incredible, almost flawless beings. I was being hard on myself and also putting a lot of pressure on them to live up to my projection of them. This guy is just another person. A complex person that goes through a lot just like everybody else. He cries, he laughs, he fights with his parents (if he got any, but you get my point). Guys are taught not to show much emotion. So maybe you talk to him and he doesn’t look much different and you get discouraged. Well, maybe he’s really happy and doesn’t dare show it, in fear of being made fun of or showing a vulnerable side that we are not supposed to show, according to the idea of what we guys are. 

The point I wanna make with all this rambling is that he is a person too. I’m sure you know it but I want you to understand it to it’s very core. He is not the idea of a person, but a person itself. With flaws and vulnerabilities, insecurities and pet peeves and dreams and everything. The sooner you understand this the easier it will be to talk to him, I think. Because he, and the whole social situation, stops being intimidating. And if you make a comment or whatever that suddenly feels awkward or out of place, don’t wrap your head around it. Let it go, everyone makes mistakes. They won’t remember it, but they will remember if you make a funny or witty comeback. Being able to laugh at yourself takes the pressure of having to watch out after everything you say in case it doesn’t turn out fine. 

You don’t have to do all of this. And I’m sure you were expecting a more precise answer. I can only help you that much, and I’m happy to. But something has to come out of yourself, and you’ll find your own personal way to make it easier. 

About the coldness, I’d like to know how you act when you say you act cold, so I get a more clear picture 
While I was having problem typing myself, especially E/I of the same type, I was told to look at the inferior functions: 

[IxFP Inferior Function Te](http://personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/76770-recognizing-inferior-function-ifps.html)

[ENxP Inferior Function Si](http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/76803-recognizing-inferior-function-enfps.html)

Basically what it does is to check, when under stress, which function are you stressed about and how do you react to stressful information. For example ENxP under stress would show through using their Si function thus they may tend to be:

* Withdrawn and Depressed
* Obsessive
* Focus on the Body

IxFP on the other hand would show through their Te by doing the following:
* Aggressive Criticism
* Precipitous Action

Note: check the definition of each of the listed item in the article and see which one you're more likely to do when stressed. 

Hope it helpsAs a Fi user, I tend to weed out the Fe user by making myself appear to agree with one thing then switches side with a "but, I personally" at the end. For example, I'd say something like "It seems that xxx is a great candidate for the chair position of the club" and when the person seems agreeable, then I added "BUT, I personaly think that yyy might be a better fit for this year's position". I am less concerned about who the person think is a better fit for the chair position, but how he defend one over the other. Fi user tend to side more with one or the other or has stronger opinion while Fe users will not.


I'm ENFP in the STEM field (computer science). Not all STEM field only requires NT type personality that excel in meticulousness. STEM field is very broad and coding is a very expressive and creative part of STEM. Even if you can't handle coding, there is project management where ENFP can excel very well. ENFP tends to be able to empathize to others and PM job is a good field for that. I find that I can understand what my client needs vs want and understand it better than my clients (based on experience and what I feel is right - a Fi aspect) and find many different alternatives to solve the problem (Ne). What I really like about Fi being in higher position than Te is that I don't compromise my values when trying to be efficient.

Here is a very anecdotal example of how I managed to overcome a class wide (over 100 students) competition in coding. The game we have to create is anti-chess algorithm for AI class. Based on a given board, we have to write a code that make sure our chess piece gets eaten by the opposing AI within a time limit. While the whole class worked hard making an advanced [alpha-beta pruning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alpha%E2%80%93beta_pruning) algorithm, I used a 3 steps look ahead which is much easier to code and assign a value based system based on the piece, and when time is running out just do the first legal move. My AI  ended up at sixth position because the opponent tends to run out of time, or error out.

EDIT: I also find Ne dom is very good at being debugger or tester job in tech field. Ne can quickly eliminate all the possible point of failure and come up with many different scenarios where the product may fail. Point to all this is don't sell yourself short just because of your type. MBTI only helps you understand your cognitive process and the explanation provided by many different article is only a generalized stereotype of that specific MBTI type. There are many variable to what you can do in your life such as interest, experience, discipline, upbringing, etc that makes you a whole person. I like PHP because it's the least strictest language and you can do many creative things like using the result as a variable name. I did that trick a while ago and can't remember the details, but it's something like $$var which is something I can't copy in other programming language and saves so much time.I think this explains very well. I used to be the top, then slowly matures towards the bottom. Fi aux hereI took lisp a bit during college and remembered it's too different from what I'm used to, so I just labeled it as a weird language and never bother to look into it.Super sensitive (aux Fi)i hear yaLogical - Math Intelligence | Problem solvingFrom my own experience ENFP tends to experience high at a 10 and low at a 0. When I was depressed, I find that I was spiraling out of control and my Ne tend to have idea how to harm myself even though although I never go through most of them, except picking up smoking again. I also became very guarded even against my wife and other family member. It seems that when one falls down the depression train, one will continually spiral out of control until one catches one's self or have some intervention. I like watching movies with strong inter-human interaction and emotion. Recently I was watching "The Road" and it was an emotional rollercoaster relating to the characters and the feelings they portray. Not so much relating to the condition they are in, but more in what I'd do if I'm in the man's case since I also have a son about the same age.Why care what everyone's think of you? Just be yourself! Would letter opposite is a true opposite? I'm ENFP, and my letter opposite is ISTJ, but both ENFP and ISTJ uses Ne-Fi-Te-Si combo in all of the stack. Wouldn't Se-Ti-Fe-Ni (ESTP) or Ni-Fe-Ti-Se  (INFJ) would be more of my opposite?

My son is ISTJ and we get a long just fine, and I haven't really meet any other ISTJ in my life.ENFP and gets QuestionerMost likely Ti dom/aux types who finds that their upvote count actually doesn't match to the real upvotesI used to enjoy this show a lot, but can't remember any of his deduction. Would you say his deduction is more affirmative (affirming a positive or negative deduction) or eliminative (eliminate the wrong deduction to find positive ones)?

I'm enfp and while I try to avoid conflict, if the issue clashes with my values then I will fervently defend it. For example, religious freedom is very important to me and if anyone, including someone with authority, try to take that away from me, I'll give them war worse than ww3.

Also have to add that immature enfp may more likely to be too sensitive and think that  people attack their value too quick and start the Te - b*tchslap attack too quickly. I'm really good at organizing, if and only if I can get myself mobilized. I usually wait until all the clutter reach a stage of unbearable, but once I organize it, it's even more organized than what my ESTJ wife can do :)I'm nice to almost everyone, but if you cross me, I'll make sure to your life is a living hell. I'll do anything to make you furious and sabotage anything that you do even if I have to take some losses. OMG! Even as ENFP I get annoyed.Ne-Fi here and yes, I get lost in my own world. Sometimes I stand in front of products (not even on any drugs) and would imagine all the use case scenario on the said products. After 15 minutes or so, I just say, "Nah, don't really need it right now" then walk away. 

But during that 15 minutes, I imagine using the product in so many different ways in my head.http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/135002965032/how-functions-work-inferior-fe-istpintp

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/136898571387/how-functions-work-inferior-si-entpenfpENFP here. When I was in uni, I always do well when the subject requires a lot of understanding vs memorization. For example, math, comp sci, physics, etc comes naturally. Subjects like history have to depends on the teacher. If the teacher is more focused on how, why and analyze vs when/where/who/what then I can do just fine.

In general, I listen and try to understand the subject in class and doesn't really study per se. 30 minutes before exam, I'd flip my notes through and try to refresh my memory with specific details.

FWIW, I have close to 4.0 GPA for my BS degree"Worry only what you can influence and do what you think is right for you but be sure to accept the consequences that comes with it. "

For example OP post about someone he knows in his 40, always grumpy, never smiles. I think that's the man's freedom to be that way, why care so much about it. If he lives that way but he thinks that's the best choice, and he can live without friends then let him be. 

Another example: people who always complain that they're broke but always spend money lavishly eating out, going to bars, etc. If you want to live life and enjoy it, fine, but don't complain about spending your money there.Pikachu, Meowth then Charizard because of the personality portrayed in the TV seriesAlthough Data from TNG is usually classified as INTx, I actually think he's more of an E. You can see that he actually always try to socialize as much as possible. Thanks for the cognitive function test. It kind of help reaffirm my type, and possibly learnt something new. 

My result has the following order (highest to lowest): ne,fi,fe,ti,se,ni,te,si

I'm ENFP, so my cognitive function stack is Ne-Fi-Te-Si. I'm not 100% sure, but from this, I deduce that just because that's my stack doesn't mean that I can't use other cognitive function such as fe-ti-se-ni.

Your dominant/aux tends to congregate towards the top, with the dominant most likely at the top. The bottom would most likely be your inferior. 

I actually expected inferior/tertiary to be more in the middle and non-stack cognitive function to be more at the bottom. Even /u/melancholoser result also indicates the same (INFP with Fi at the top and Te at the bottom).Have to agree with some other ENFP that type you as ENFP. I do a lot of what you do and resonates well. Few things that resonates well with me:

* That vacation planning thing. I plan ahead trying to maximize my vacation, but day to day I couldn't care less if I deviate from my routines.

* Mirroring others. I actually grew up in several different places and I have the tendency to mimic the accent whoever I'm talking to. When talking to British sounding people I'd sound a bit more British and would use different set of vocabulary. When talking to South East Asians, I'd talk more like South East Asians (mixing local languages).

* Ability to build certain persona and use them. I use this function a lot when i was in high school, that's how I can mix well with the academics, with the rebels/troublemakers, with the athletics, with the artsy type. I could say that the only people that hate me is the one that I personally has vendetta.

* This also results in people being able to confide in me because they feel that I'm well balanced and have a well-rounded knowledge

* I love symbolism 

* Extrovert among introverts and introverts among extroverts. That's classic ENFP. ENFP is the most introverted extroverts.

Few differences:

* I rather not argue or debate. However, if someone crosses me or people I love, I will not back down will pounce back with vengeance.

* I prefer comfort vs looking good

But overall, I think you're part of the awesome type of ENFP :)

Nakama, The Road Eternal, Fischer King in that orderLOL @ that GIF. That is so me. I was an avid photographer for like 4 years straight after my first son was born, then switch to health fanatics doing exercises like 5 days a week for 3-4 years after realizing that I got too tired chasing after my son, now I'm a netflix binging mode for the past year.... Who knows what's my next mode be...I like being enfp, but if I have to switch I choose infp, maybe because I have pretty strong fi for enfp Thanks for this link and explanation! &gt; I think you're a little confused on the functions. Have you watched Michael Pierce's videos on YouTube? They may clarify things for you. This one in particular may be helpful: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unetLukpiV0

I watched it, but I'm not quite sure I understand it. 

&gt; I hear a lot of people say something like this. I think this is a misunderstanding of Fi. Fi seeks harmony in the internal, subjective world. It's not about personal values, although one can form strong personal values through use of Fi. And Fe is not a set of values. Fe seeks harmony in the external, objective world. And that often involves getting along and people-pleasing.

When you say someone seeks harmony in the internal, does that mean trying to make peace with the inside? For Fe seeking harmony in the external objective world, does that mean they're trying to maintain peace? Most of the time when I try to get people to get along is because I see that the issues at hands are trivial, thus doesn't warrant such argument, or I just want the other person to like me better.

&gt; Everyone does both of these things and it doesn't have much to do with whether you use Ti or Fi. If you organize your internal world with impersonal standards (like logical consistency), then you use Ti. If you try to make your internal world as harmonious as possible, you use Fi.

Can you please elaborate on what it means to organize internal world with impersonal standard and also about harmonizing my internal world? How would one do each of the following?

&gt; I took out Te because I'm feel it is one of my weaker cognitive function. But when push come to shove, I can be pretty efficient such as trying to find the most efficient way to visit all the rides when visiting Disney World
&gt; This can be very much a Ti thing. The question is whether/how you impose it on others.

On this, I'd try to feel the crowd on how they feel at that point. The last time we went, the kids wants to take rides that's different from the itinerary and I'm fine with that. Or when someone feels tired and want to take a break, I'm fine with that but might get annoyed. The feeling I get is more like, "Don't you want to ride more? Then we need to stick on schedule." I will accomodate, but I'd prefer to the meticulous schedule I have prepared. I feel that my effort to time everything was wasted or not used to the full potential.
&gt; Can you descripe the feeling and thinking that when you under extreme heavy “stress mode”? (Plz exclude S&amp;N feeling)

When I'm under extreme heavy stress due to a person, I tend to focus on the person and feel that the person is attacking me or can't understand me at all. For example, on a project when someone is insisting doing certain way or a roundabout way, I feel that is a complete waste of time because I'm sure that my method is sound. I would have done enough tests to ensure that my method is correct and matchup or else I won't even present the method. An individual tends to become a stressor when I feel doubted especially when I know what I'm doing is for the benefit of the person and I have spent considerable effort trying to make everything perfect or when I'm very sure that I know more about the subject than the person.

What I tend to find stressing is dealing with repetitive stuff over and over which requires high degree of details. For example in my job, I like coming up with algorithm or a workaround or a novel solution in contrast to making changes to a pre-existing code that requires a lot of copy-pasting and find-replace function. Mundane jobs (updating server, reformat a computer and reinstall each software one by one, etc) are the bane of my existence. Having a new problem no-one ever seen before and trying to come up with a solution is something that I enjoy better.

&gt; Will you show your offensive outside while you loyalty inside, or you mild outside and cynical inside?

For this I tend to be both depending on the person I am interacting with. However if I get annoyed with a person, I tend to show aggressive behavior. On most occasion though, I  don't really show much aggressiveness. Usually when dealing with authority who I know I can't win against, I tend to be more agressive, or if the matter is too important to argue over (i.e. dealing with governement bureaucracy that will have impact on my visa for example), then I just hold my tongue and seethe inside.

&gt; What are your daydreaming contain? Is it power and battle or happy/sadness story?

My daydream tends to be about what I can conquer. For example, sometimes I dream of pulling some elaborate Jordan-esque move on the people I play basketball with (I'm not good at basketball and mediocre at best). If I'm troubled or angry at someone I tend to imagine how I would argue with the person and try to come up with all the possible counter-argument. Another type of daydream would be more about winning the lottery and see who I'd share it with and how much I can change their life for the better. For example, I'd think about how I'd surprise my parents paying off their mortgage, or move them to a newer house, but still trying to be reasonable and not too wasteful. More of add a bit of luxury, but nothing too extravagant. &gt; The basic question Pierce is asking is this: Do you see warmth, light, meaning, value as outside of yourself and you have to fit in in order to get it? Or do you see warmth, light, meaning, and value as within yourself and you want to bring it into the world somehow? First one is Fe-Ti, second is Fi-Te.

When put in this manner, I do originally obtain the value from outside either through reading, watching, discussion, etc, but once I resonate with the value, I always try to bring it to the world. I'm okay if no one accepts it, and rather than argue about it, I tend to just accept that everyone is different, while still try to push it once in a while either through a speech or comments. 

My confusion lies in the fact that Fe tends to be the one take external value. If there is a new information, that conflict with my internal value, I would evaluate it and if my internal value feels better with the adjustment, I would not hesitate to adjust. So, in the past I'd assume that religion imposes value on others and they are the enemy so I should attack any type of religious facebook posts. However after talking to more religious people in person, I feel that people who post on facebook try to target this post as morale booster for people sharing the same ideology and not try to attack me. Nowadays I just ignore the post and go my own way. 

&gt;As an INTP, Ti is my strongest function. I have a drive to understand things, to make sense of them. If there's something I don't understand it bugs me and I think about it endlessly until I do understand it. This is what Fi is like, but instead of "making sense" it has to "harmonize." For example, you might have some values. You might have a vision of a project that you want to do. The project has to fit with the values. If it doesn't, you jettison one or the other. (This is why it's not entirely about values, because values are just one thing in your subjective inner world.)

I actually do endlessly think about something I don't understand something. I'm not sure if it's making sense or harmonize so I'll use example to see if you can maybe help me understand it. For example my infatuation for MBTI started out around summer. The more I realize I don't understand something the more I try to understand it. If I felt that I have understood it, even if it ended up wrong, I'll stay with it. Once I see it's proven otherwise, then there's this itch inside me to try to delve into it further to try to get it to work.

Thank you so much for taking the time to help me understand this. I really appreciate it.I think you can get a gist of a kid's type but it's hard to be accurate. Doesn't some cognitive function doesn't grow until certain age?Depend on the person. Most of the time I'll see if there's anything I can do to help, or in some cases try to make sure that I'm not in the same boat.I asked a [similar question](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/55wyei/reading_domtert_loop_makes_me_question_my_type/), but it was between ENTP vs ENFP. From what I gather in that discussion, differentiating Te/Fi vs Fe/Ti axis would be beneficial to you.

/u/speudebradeos responded in a [comment thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/55wyei/reading_domtert_loop_makes_me_question_my_type/d8emvi4) with a couple videos that may help you identify yourself. I totally can relate to this. I am a firm believer that a person is inherently free. So sometimes I have a hard time commanding/disciplining my kids. For example, if my wife has already cooked meatloaf, but the kids wanted to eat the leftover pizza from last night, I tend to let them.I personally tend to defer to others unless my values are crossed or I really want something. For example most of the time I defer to others when deciding where to eat, but that one time I really want bbq and everyone else wants taco, either everyone join me, or I'll split. 

Another example, I tend to not bother with other people's business, but one time I saw a lady parked right outside the door of In and Out on a driving lane for the parking lot where she could cause a lot of traffic holdup or accident. There are quite a few empty parking spots less than 30 steps away, but she think that she's so important and parked on a driving lane. I went out of my way to approach her and told her what she did is so inconsiderate and that there are a lot of parking spots available. When she responded, "Who you think you are? The manager of the store asked me to go inside because of the problem with my order." This truly makes me furious and I go on a Te rant that put her in her place.I think online survey will pretty much skew towards democrat. Try Walmart, Target, Trader Joe's and go to different demographic neighborhood. This will give you larger sample of the population.Economic Left/Right: -2.63 

Social Libertarian/Authoritarian: -4.51I'd be that Guardian with a pretty decent attack power but very high vitality.

I'd have INFP mage who can deal both Fire and Ice magic that have some magic infused close combat skill.

Then I'd have Ranger/Ninja ESFP who'd deal sneaky long range damage by flanking the enemy.

Then I'd have ESTJ berserker wroking to clear the path.LoL.. I sometimes find that even after people move on to the next topic, I feel like returning to the original discussionI'd do this but I'd be torn. To me one's value is dependent on proximity to the beholder. But if both are equally distant, then I'll use the the need of the many outweigh the need of one mentality. For example if the child is mine, than I'd value that child over billions of strangers, but if this is between a stranger baby and a whole city of people in the distant land, I'd choose the whole city.I think it's more that right and wrong is a very subjective and vary from person to person. Right or wrong is more of a concept that validates something one does or doesn't want others to do unto them. It's just a personal joke with the wife because my wife is ESTJ and when she goes berserk I want no where near her.. She'd put everyone in their place..Hey! Me TOO!The way I like to describe Ne is like a jumble of thoughts with so many different tendrils branching off and when you try to isolate one specific branch, it will become a root and the tendril will branch of again from that root. Comparing that to my Si, I find that my Si is very concrete and very specific to a certain thought.

That is why I find that it is hard to write down an active thought. I usually ended up rewriting my active thoughts over and over because it doesn't feel like it represents what I am trying to convey. However, writing about just factual events from the past is much easier.I do well based on my own classification but not based on MBTI. However, when translated to MBTI, then the other people based on my own classification would share the same MBTI. For example, I have this friend who now I know is ESFP. I always type her as the same type as my other friend from a different social circle. In the end, she too is ESFP. Then I saw a character on TV and I feel they share the same vibe, and they indeed do.What you say about Ne is so true. Even writing this post, I have to erase a few tangential thoughts that I had because it doesn't make sense within the framework of this discussion.Assuming 5 columns and 7 rows with doors closest to column 5 here's my seating preferences:

* classes I enjoy: column 2-4, row 2-4 (get a good view of teacher/lecturer)
* classes I don't enjoy: column 2, row 5-6 (easy to socialize)
* classes where I'm most likely going to tune out or sleep: column 2 row 1-2 or column 1 row 1 (This i feel tend to be teachers' blind spot)Sociopath - 57% Rational, 43% Extroverted, 86% Brutal, and 71% ArrogantMy parents are workaholic. I'd categorize my dad as xSTJ and my mom as ENFJ. They are barely around because of work. Although I had two siblings, but I grew up mostly with my sister. I didn't get to grow up much with my brother but we get along the best because a lot of our shared values.

Growing up, my parents tends to side with my younger sister a lot because they assume my Ne-ness is a sign of acting up. I couldn't stay still and always want to try new ideas (Ne-Te loop) without any Si or Fi grounding at all. I never really feel any moral guidance from my parents and had to learn all that from friends. That is why I regard friends very highly and doesn't feel that much strongly to family ties. I now believe that blood means nothing, what matters more is the interpersonal relationship you built. 

Growing up, there are also a lot of in-fighting among the extended families. My parents comes from larger families and they always try to stay on the good side on whoever has the financial backings since most of my extended family is involved in the family business in one way or another. This further stresses my dislike for putting too much importance in "blood" relationship. My parents always coached us to friend this cousin or try to sabotage that cousin. Unlike my sister, I tend to just enjoy myself with whichever cousin whoever can entertain me. The fights means nothing and I have been more than once been used as scapegoat and I couldn't care less.

College I moved to stay with an uncle who stayed where I go to college. He moved away when I was barely a toddler because he doesn't like the conflict in the family. Coincidentally this uncle is very close to my dad and always favored me since I was a baby. In the end, after finishing college, I decided to stay near my uncle. I still visit home once in a while, and have better relationship with my dad (after learning a lot about my dad from my uncle). 4Dhttp://www.heartki.com/densities-chart/I have a couple of ESFP friends whom I find very fun to be with but hard to get along with. I feel that I have to tiptoe around them. I find that they truly enjoy their sensation really well, to the point that I'm wondering if I'm missing anything. They tend to be able to tatste difference between food from different places where I can't taste the difference. Makes me wonder what's I'm missing in life...Art is not always movies, music, theatrical performance, etc. In this new age where the web plays integral role, writing code can be artistic. http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/139811514617/accurate-typing-distinguishing-mirror-functionsTrue.. As ENFP coder I like to think of the novel solution or ways to overcome issues more, but the process of the coding itself requires quite a lot of willpower. The way I view it, NF would be more likely to come up with a code that's personal to them, but NT would more likely uses codes in a standard manner. The way I see NF code tend to think more about how the result affects the people using it while NT focus more on the code itself.

For example during an AI class, we had a competition for our final project where they will pit one AI against the other using the game "Anti-Chess". The teacher provides a guideline on what's the best way to do it. The way I see it, T type would most likely follow the instructor's method and focus more on optimizing that algorithm. As NF, I decided to find my own method and play the "people" rather than the AI. Kind of like playing the player instead of playing the game.

Here's what I observed at that time:

* I realize that at least half of the student's code will not work, or has error, so as long as I can make sure mine is error free, I have a good chance.
* Most students would perform too much look-ahead, so they would run out of time. So I analyze most games opening move is irrelevant, so I would make quick random legal moves at the beginning and when time is winding down, I'd do the first legal move to conserve time. Hopefully the other players' AI would drop out because they ran out of time.

http://www.sociotype.com/tools/type-comparison/ILE-IEEI'm not the person who wrote the article, so I'll try to explain what I perceive as the correct interpretation. I'm also in between when it comes to ENTP or ENFP. I personally believe that I might be an ENTP, who thinks that doing things the way ENFP seems better, so I behave more like ENFP. Not sure if it makes sense.

&gt; ENFps tend to internally combine emotional exchanges with other activities rather than separating them out like ENTps. E.g., ENFps see having fun occurring simultaneously with other activities, such as work or even serious affairs. ENTps are more likely to internally separate out having fun with other activities, although the two can be interchanged at a high frequency.

I'm ENFP and I can see funeral as a fun event. For example, although I see funeral as serious, but talking about the person and remembering about the times we had together would still be a fun process. Or, while working, I would sing in my head and type in rhythm to the music playing in my head.

&gt; When assessing an option or available choice, ENTps tend to focus more on how the choice could benefit them (what it would potentially yield) than ENFps would. On the other hand, ENFps would be more cognizant of the potential risks and potential losses that may accompany the decision that ENTps may unconsciously minimize.

&gt; ENFps pay more particular attention to aspects of a situation or plan that are insufficient or lacking. This can be interpreted by others as ENFps having a negative assessment of various situations and events (.e.g, "the glass is half empty). On the other hand, ENTps pay more attention to what is actually present in a situation, and this can be interpreted as an affirmative or positive manifestation of the surrounding world, situations, possibilities, and prospects (e.g. "the glass is half full")

Think of stock market. Let's say you decide on buying Apple stock. Would it be more because you believe that this stock will bring you profit, or more because if you don't invest now, you'd regret later when the stock triple its price? So ENTP are more likely to take action because of the benefit, but ENFP (although they choose the same action), is because not doing so will be harmful to them.

&gt; ENTps attitude towards a specific person (more so than ENFps) is based on their personal characteristics (authority, intellect, personal achievements, etc.) ENTps recognize superiority of certain individuals drawing from their personal qualities

&gt; So if they are not judging the person based off of their personal characteristics...What are they judging them on? Their social status?

There's the term (more so than ENFP). ENFP will judge the person also by their characteristics, but instead of relying more on their characteristics, ENFP tends to believe their own first hand experience with the person. For example, let's say Obama/Einstein/Bill Gates/Michael Jordan is rude to my wife, I won't tolerate it and would start cause a scene.

&gt; ENFps are often better at solving and minimizing interpersonal problems, where as ENTps often struggle understanding them.

&gt; I think I do pretty well minimizing interpersonal problems as well as understanding them. So with this point, I'd lean more towards ENFP. The ones I didn't mention we can just assume I lean towards ENTP rather than ENFP

There is the operative "often" and "better". That is not to say ENTP can't do any of that. ENTP still has their Fe to rely on, albeit tertiary function. ENFP tends to be able to actually feel and empathize others, while ENTP tends to more sympathize.

Once again I have to highlight that my answers are my interpretation, and I'm only delving into these personality learning this year.I can tolerate small talk over irrelevant things under the following conditions:

* If the conversation we're having is less than 15 minutes
* I couldn't care any less if I'd see you again or not
* I don't really care much about you

BTW, your definition of small talk might be different from mine too..ENFP here and can relate to most of themFor me, friendship is that person who is not related to you by blood, yet still always got your back, sometimes even when your blood related family turn their backs on you. They will be there despite the differences in opinions, world view, or just plainly different. They are the ones that you can be silly with without any judgment, the one that you can confide and share secrets with and not another soul will know. They would also pull you out of trouble before you even get into one, or jump into trouble with you. I think best way is to tie it to their aux function (Ti/Fi).

Edit: after thinking it through, you can appeal to their Ne by asking them how they thing something will develop/change/affect the futureI'm loving this ENFP description.. &gt; "Yuck! This tastes gross! Sorry, but it really does"

The last time I did this, I felt soooooo bad. I unconsciously say this because my wife's best friend asked me to try a bite and there were quite a few of her other friends nearby.

I still remember when I just married my wife (whom never cooked her whole life) decided that she wants to cook dinner for me everyday. I said something similar and she was so fast at trying to grab the plate and throw it in the trash, until I told her that "No matter how bad it is, I'll still eat it. So, if you don't want to poison me or give me a bad stomachache, just practice more."That really smells Fe and I do this too.. That's why for a long time I thought I may be ENTP (Fe tert)* Happiness
* Freedom
* Power
* Knowledge
* Wealth
* Compassion
* Justice
* Popularity
* Creativity
* Adventure
* Honesty
* Humor
* Faith
* Solitude

I believe that whatever everyone do, is done to make themselves happy. First of all, I'd like to preface that this is based on MY understanding of MBTI and cognitive function, so take it more as opinion than a knowledgeable answer.

To me, Ne acts pretty much like brainstorming. It is that scattered brain function where everything is inter-connected and everything is seen from many different views. For example, when asked a question "What do you think of the TV episode last night?", my mind would recall a few scenes that stands out and have thoughts like:

* "Hmm.. the story seems to be not bad, but... "
* "Did they cut the special effect budget because of last season's rating?"
* "Hey I saw that the main character has a gun that my friend had.. I wonder what caliber it is.."
I'm also ENxP (I'm leaning F, but sometimes I think I might be a T), but has never diagnosed with mental illness (though I sometimes wonder if I have one). While I see a lot of friends confide in me for personal/relationship, I find myself hard to share personal stuff not because I hate the person but because sometimes I'm personally ashamed or doesn't want to be judged. Most of the times, I care too much about how others perceive me so either I misdirect, change topic or omit some truth.

For example, that one time I exacted revenge on a cheating ex, I never told anyone because I don't want people to think I'm vengeful and had been stuck in the past, but the main reason I did it was because the opportunity was there and secondary reason is that anything related to her reminds me on how she did hurt me real bad in the past. Exacting the revenge felt like closing the book in that chapter and expelled her from ever contacting me.Reading this leads me to here: http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/24735-understanding-archetypes-involving-eight-functions-type-beebe-model.htmlHmmm.. based on that visual guide, seems like I'm more have more of Fi smile than Ne smile. When I look at my old photos (Elementary school), I have more of that Ne smile than Fi smile.What's your favorite drug and why? Do you prefer to do drugs alone, with a couple close friends, or during a big party?I was trying to differentiate between the two for quite a while and found that there are two sources that I find helpful. First is this comparison from [sociotype.com](http://www.sociotype.com/tools/type-comparison/ILE-IEE). Another one is this [writing](http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2014/12/determining-function-axes-part-2/) by Michael Pierce on function axis.

**Te/Fi Axis of ENFP**

&gt; To illustrate, the Te/Fi axis represents the struggle of a lone individual against a freezing wilderness, employing whatever means necessary to survive, and doing everything they can to keep warm, to make their warmth known in the world and push back the encroaching ice. It retains a nexus around the individual.

**Fe/Ti Axis of ENTP**

&gt; However, to illustrate the Fe/Ti axis I’ll use a different image: It is rather like someone lost in a foreign country that speaks an entirely foreign language, and the journey of discovering and integrating the logic of the language into oneself so that you can experience the warmth of true interaction and join with the people: The struggle to balance the inner ice with the outer sun to match the temperature of those around you. It retains a nexus around harmony and the equivalence between the individual’s inner cognition and the other world.Can't take credit for it. Those two are quotes from the linked Michael Pierce writing.ENFP here and I find myself harder to understand Se dominant type, with the worst being ESTP. This doesn't mean I always fight with them, but it's more of the feeling that there is this gap that's hard to cross or it's hard to understand them.I say both what you and /u/Botoz say, well I'm in between you guys. I used to say "Do you understand me?" a lot, but I have replaced it with "Do you understand what I'm trying to say?". What I've been told, when I say "Do you understand me?" it can sounds like I'm looking down on the person or their capability to understand.Talking about PoLR, this is how Ti PoLR manifests itself:
- That they do not understand something;
- That their words do not match with the facts;
- That they are incapable of explaining something clearly;
- That there are inconsistencies in their worldviews, theories, concepts;
- That they are not able to consolidate data in order to bring it to a common structure;
- That they have nothing to say on the subject matter in question.

Source: http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/475890-polr-descriptions.htmlQuite a few of the guys I play ball with are ESTPs. They are fun and we get along well. However, I can feel the gap in the conversation as if there's a missing connection. reading /r/mbti high either makes you deeply introspective or giggles uncontrollablyI used to think that way a lot, but I guess age tempers my pride. Sometimes people confide in you to hear your opinion on the matter, but you might not be the only confidant in their circle. If I need advice, I won't go to just one single person, but a few people that I'm feeling comfortable with. I will weigh their answers and find which one is best for me. 

On some other occasion, these "askholes" might ask you for advice and they truly want to do it your way but unable to. For example I have a friend who repeatedly told me she wants to quit smoking. I gave her Allen Carr video, told her that I'd be there to support her to quit, but in the end, she can't do it.

Opinion is just that, an opinion. People ask for it, but it's still their freedom to follow it or not. If it really troubles you, you may ask them this question "Are you seriously asking for help or you're just looking for an ear?". In most cases when I ask this, they'd response with "I don't really need a solution, I just need to vent". Then I'll just be their friend to listen and just be there to support them.I think my biggest problem with Se type is they're way too literal and in the moment. My two longest friends are ESFP and ISFP. As much as I love them and as much as we get along, our friction tends to be because they're way too literal and I'm reading between the lines or try to see the alternate meaning behind their words.

One example, when they say "Man, I'm so tired today", my mind would conjure up some thoughts like "did something happen at work? did she get into a fight with someone? what has she been doing that's significant to her tiredness? Should I get her something to drink?". All she meant by saying those word is just a declarative statement that she is exhausted.ENFP as unicorn. We're fun, loving and friendly until you crossed the line then we'd kick you then stab you with our horn.

I'm confused why is Hot Topic and/or Goth are viewed so negatively?I think we should be accepting on what people like... Just because they're considered freak or weird by mainstream people, it still caters to certain group of people that likes it.. Have to hand it to my dual to get the point I'm trying to make... *high five*My recent post on deciding between ENFP/ENTP:

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vrj4n/what_are_some_key_differences_between_entps_and/de4eclv/

I was trying to differentiate between the two for quite a while and found that there are two sources that I find helpful. First is this comparison from [sociotype.com](http://www.sociotype.com/tools/type-comparison/ILE-IEE). Another one is this [writing](http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2014/12/determining-function-axes-part-2/) by Michael Pierce on function axis.

**Te/Fi Axis of ENFP**

&gt; To illustrate, the Te/Fi axis represents the struggle of a lone individual against a freezing wilderness, employing whatever means necessary to survive, and doing everything they can to keep warm, to make their warmth known in the world and push back the encroaching ice. It retains a nexus around the individual.

**Fe/Ti Axis of ENTP**

&gt; However, to illustrate the Fe/Ti axis I’ll use a different image: It is rather like someone lost in a foreign country that speaks an entirely foreign language, and the journey of discovering and integrating the logic of the language into oneself so that you can experience the warmth of true interaction and join with the people: The struggle to balance the inner ice with the outer sun to match the temperature of those around you. It retains a nexus around harmony and the equivalence between the individual’s inner cognition and the other world.1. Joy: Snuggling or being with someone you love
2. Sad: Losing someone
3. Angry: Intentionally disturb/harm/provoke/harass just for fun
4. Disgust: People who just follow the mob without thinking for themselves
5. Fear: wasting away/life without purposevery close... ENFP 3w4, though sometimes I wonder if I'm INFP (just like most ENFP)I've been very sure of my Ne/Si axis, so I don't usually research that, but I was confused between my Fi/Te vs Ti/Fe axis for a while. Here's some excerpt I quoted to differentiate between the two:

**Te/Fi Axis of xxFP/xxTJ**

&gt; To illustrate, the Te/Fi axis represents the struggle of a lone individual against a freezing wilderness, employing whatever means necessary to survive, and doing everything they can to keep warm, to make their warmth known in the world and push back the encroaching ice. It retains a nexus around the individual.

**Fe/Ti Axis of xxTP/xxFJ**

&gt; However, to illustrate the Fe/Ti axis I’ll use a different image: It is rather like someone lost in a foreign country that speaks an entirely foreign language, and the journey of discovering and integrating the logic of the language into oneself so that you can experience the warmth of true interaction and join with the people: The struggle to balance the inner ice with the outer sun to match the temperature of those around you. It retains a nexus around harmony and the equivalence between the individual’s inner cognition and the other world.

[Source:](http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2014/12/determining-function-axes-part-2/) Michael Pierce on function axis.

In addition, I find that sociotype.com has a very good tool to help you identify observable differences between types. [Here](http://www.sociotype.com/tools/type-comparison/EIE-IEE) is the one I pulled for ENFP vs ENFJ for you.I feel more Ti/Fe axis on this than Fi/Te axis on this one and the fear seems to indicate more of enneagram 5well.. I'm not trying to sway you one way or another. I think the biggest help finding my axis is thinking the following manner:

I think that everyone has different values and I want to share my values with others (Fi/Te) vs I think everyone should do this and that because this and that is good in itself(Fe/Ti). I think I like a wide variety of music, however my favorite tends to have a sad/melancholic tone. They can be fast or slow, and spread across multiple genre. I'm really bad at identifying genre of music.  Most of the time I can't really singalong because I don't really know the lyrics except for the chorus or special part of the song (sometimes even just a one-liner). 

So here's a list of music that I tend to pick as my radio station: 

* [We Can't All Be Heroes](https://open.spotify.com/track/0BuDm8i37sTuBT8ModAB8V) by Wax 
* [I Ain't Mad At Cha](https://open.spotify.com/track/1Rz8BPFzWYOItgmZxb7ZJY) by 2Pac
* [Music and Me](https://open.spotify.com/track/2212oBX0YELcs0sr6DqGer) by Nate Dogg 
* [Sing Me to Sleep](https://open.spotify.com/track/6UcTHiP25meOD9ox8Rspgx) and [Faded](https://open.spotify.com/track/1brwdYwjltrJo7WHpIvbYt) by Alan Walker 
* [Kisses Back](https://open.spotify.com/track/2vu1gO7FXJ35Vz71Ra4hnz)  by Matthew Koma
* [Lost Stars](https://open.spotify.com/track/1cPtMErymxlrj7pssAB03r) by Keira Knightley
* [Like I'm Gonna Lose You](https://open.spotify.com/track/2YlZnw2ikdb837oKMKjBkW) by Meghan Trainor
* [Crocodile Go To Sleep](https://open.spotify.com/track/42ip3ximN8iSY0uUcbmxBt) by Camel Power Club 

I can't wrap my head around the idea of deontological view. Would deontological view be more likely to judge the motive of an specific action, rather than a hollistic view of the actions that the person has done throughout his life?ENFP - Basketball, soccer, badminton, ping pong.. not good with any of them, but still love to play themYour seems to posses the Te-Fi axis, but your Se-Ni vs Ne-Si is harder to determine. However from the following statement:

&gt; I also notice the persons general mood, energy level and vibe. I miss specific aspects about bodies and clothing.

you seem to be more N type than S type. A lot of ENFP shows tendency of thinking themselves as introverts, so I'd think you are more likely ENFP.* Ne: Light blue
* Ni: Dark Blue
* Se: Light Orange
* Si: Dark Gold
* Fe: Bright Green
* Fi: Maroon
* Te: White
* Ti: Light Brown
I find that ESTJ due to their Te, don't really care much for how it works. They care more for What is is and how it applies to what they already know. With that in mind, she tend to associate the generalization of each type to certain behavior, and doesn't really care much about why or how cognitive function works.&gt; ENFP: Experiencing the world's most awesome festival. But over and over again.

I'd kill myself if I can't a way out of this loophttps://funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com/post/93978984579/how-fe-acts-in-all-4-positionsAlways thought I'm ENFP, but more so recently I feel I'm actually ENTP. I find that my value can shift pretty fluidly with new information and depending who I'm talking to. Although I do have a few values that I hold dearly (what I call core values), I can almost relate and understand both sides of the equation and think that both values are correct.

Although my Ti-Fe vs Fi-Te seems pretty close in strength, I think I'm more likely ENTP than ENFP. One time while watching a movie I caught myself thinking "Who should I root for in the show?". It seems that most of the time, I tend to side with the narrative or MC, but there are moments where there are a few MCs or when the MCs is anti-hero that I'm questioning who I should root for.

A lot of times I try to bait people into debates, especially if I know that the other person hold an opposing view very strongly. When I do debate or argue, I'll try to deconstruct their argument by picking out the flaws in their logic or try as best as possible to use their words against themselves. This is more likely to happen if I really know the person and I know that our relationship will not be harmed just from the debate (for eg. with family members or super close friends)

But when dealing with people I just met or acquaintances or people I don't really care, I will try to feel their values and try not to oppose them too much. It's kind of like cherry-picking the values we share and try to talk more about that. I also tend to agree to disagree, or won't really say where I stand when I sense that our values may conflict. 

I have tried to use PoLR to identify my Ti-Fe vs Fi-Te but I seems to feel that I experience both. Ti PoLR tends to manifest in being contradictory to myself, but I also exhibits Fi PoLR when a lot of times I'm not sure where I stand in the relationship and sometimes feels closer or distant than viewed from a 3rd person or the other person's perspective.

The only sure think I can be sure of is that I'm an ENxP. Most of the time I'm not sure if my confusion lies with the fact that I don't have much confidence in myself and tends to see myself as unworthy. I tend to be confident that I have higher than average intelligence when dealing with things I'm good at (computer and network), but most of the time I tend to see myself as evil, selfish, burdensome, unattractive, etc. Acquaintance brushing your hair is not weird to you?I'm the half brother you never know existedWhat do you mean by intelligence? Talking to different people will yield different result. I think intelligence is a combination of ALL the following and maybe even more:

* knowledge
* ability to apply knowledge
* grasp new concept
* conceptualize new concept
* creative
* discipline

People tend to focus on measuring one or the other, but never really all of them. How someone is intelligent may also be dependent on the ratio of how one excel in each of the criterion mentioned above. 

Can we truly say that computers, a good conduit for holding a repository of knowledge, as a being that possesses intelligence?
Remind me of movies like:

* [Exam](https://www.netflix.com/title/70120605)
* [Circle (2015)](https://www.netflix.com/title/80070182)I think xxTP would work better than INTJ...Love weed and how it slows my brain down. If I want to get messed up, pop 3 vikes + 2 beers (chugged), wait 15 minutes, then smoke a joint. I don't like MDMA because it tends to make my jaw hurts, even with gum.

Always want to try psychedelics like LSD or shrroms, but never got the right channel to procure them. How's DMT compared to shrooms? I heard DMT can feel like a hours although you only trip for 5 mins. Is that true?Weed actually stops my mind from racing with many different ideas and just be content with what's right in front of me. Before I can answer that, I need to know what makes you panic? What goes through your mind when you panic? Most people I know goes through paranoia rabbit hole when they first started. Best advice I heard is to smoke two puffs, then take 15 minutes break. See if the effect is there, if not, take another one to two puffs.

I also notice that paranoia tends to happen with Sativa strains. I prefer Sativa, but for relaxation Indica is better. Sativa is good for party and crowd, preferably with those you feel comfortable smoking with.

I find 1 or 2 valium reduces a lot of the paranoia for some people I know.Thanks! I never know it's legal to get the spores. I found a link on shroomology and will find the time to research more into it. If I have questions, I'll PM you.

FWIW, do you have any advice that you're willing to impart?as needed or reluctantlyEx: Well, since I have Ne, then I can be distracted. Since I'm ENTP, it's common for me to start something and doesn't finish.given large enough sample, there should be oneUsing MBTI/Enneagram to justify their bad behavior/thought/actionEx: Well, since I have Ne, then I can be distracted. Since I'm ENTP, it's common for me to start something and doesn't finish.Nope... People make money off anything. As analogy, think of math. Mathematical concept is free , but you have to buy a textbook for your college course. 

MBTI concept is freely available and 16personality actually makes the test freely available (which is already a +). Building a site, hosting them, traffic, etc are not free. The reports they're trying to sell, I don't see a big deal. If you want it, you buy, if not then don't. Not only Tony Stark.. I can relate to this too.. On one hand it's the feeling that I don't want to burden others, so let me hold this burden in silence.. On the other hand, it's "Let me handle this since I think I can handle this better than you"..

To certain extent this can be combination of love, vanity, insecurity, self-confidence, lumped into 1I'm not a history buff, especially when I was younger. The way I see it, history helps you to understand how certain things work which may be important for Ti. I see a lot of ENTP, myself included, likes to explain from beginning to end to illustrate the journey of how one makes certain determination.Sometimes it's not sensitivity. Sometimes when that happen I acknowledge and I'm already formulating how to fix that flaw. Sounds about right I'm leaning towards entp because he's similar to me in a lot of ways.I think being trained into thinking with abstraction doesn't makes one intuitive. There are plenty of intuitives working in a job that doesn't really require much cognitive ability, and that doesn't make them sensors either.I have to concur with this logic ;pIt depends on your definition of "asshole". I find Te is domineering and bossy, while Ne-Ti combo tends to ramble a lot.Most of the time when alone, it's standard straight/poker face that everyone mentioned. When I meet people I raise a soft close mouth smile and give them a cordial recognition with a nod. If I meet people who usually greets me then I'd greet them. I notice that I tend to mimic the other person's usual way of saying hi. please tellENTP here. I have to agree with arrogance and/or stubbornness. 

In my case, I'll be arrogant and stubborn if I know that I know more than you in a specific subject. Prove to me that you know as much as me then I'll treat you as equal and argue with you. Prove to me that you know more than me then I'll ask so many questions that I'll annoy you. 

As another commenter mentioned, I also like to talk a lot in lecture mode. This is especially true if I am confident and knowledgable in that subject. Either that, or exert dominance on the subject matter at hand. IDK about other ENTP, but I'm also likely to steer conversations to subjects I feel more confident in.

Key point when talking to ENTP: Find something that ENTP doesn't know, but he's interested in. They'll listen more and ask more question.ENTP is quietly judgemental too. I can relate to most of this except INFP, ESFJ, INFJ, ESTJHey, I'm sometimes do those things too, minus the ASD/ADHD (or maybe I just don't know I have them).ESFJs I know are nice and loyalENFJ is manipulative and phony and they think they're so good at hiding it when it's so obvious that they're over-dramatizing their plight and play the victime card a lot. That, or because I only know 1 ENFJ and she behaves that way. I love her, but can't stand her.I know 2-3 ESFJs and they're actually very loyal. They try to adhere to the custom, but that's their choice and I don't care if they want to do that.ENFP vs ESFP where one is far left and the other far right on the political spectrumYou provide the people, I provide the popcorn :pIf you boil the theory down, it's basically perceivers vs judgers. Extraverted perceiving and intoverted judging is considered static, and extraverted judging and introverted intuition is considered dynamic.&gt;  If you are an INFJ you will know you've found another INFJ because if you have to work together on something the two of you will both play the "passive-aggressively seeing if you're capable of even leading this team before I steal it from under you because you're incompetent" card.

I'm ENTP but somehow I relate to a lot of things about INFJ.. hmm.. Can you elaborate on the difference between then ENTP and INFJ thing? I'm quite sure I'm ENTP, but relates to some of the INFJ traits mentioned here...&gt; I personally would rather have a relationship with someone who didn't feel like my therapist

LoL.. ENTP here, but I find that I'm both therapist, life coach and helpdesk at the same time from time to time. Does this slow processing of information includes inferring the possibility of scenarios if certain things were to happen, or if you reply in different ways? Or is it more of a replay of the events and it takes a while before you can close that chapter?So when you bring up past events, let's say a month ago.. Is it usually something small (or things that happens often) or something big (or things that happens rarely)? When you bring it up, is it more for discussion or questions or affirmation?Thanks and yeah, it is quite helpful. It's weird that I'm quite sure I'm ENTP yet relate so much to INFJ. I don't really know anyone I'd classify as INFJ. Heck, sometimes I'm not 100% sure what I am. Most people I know try to shy away or doesn't want to spend the effort on MBTI. 

&gt;what is wrong with infj, when u see what is wrong with them, ull realize ur not one of them, because what is wrong with u, is something completely different.

What would you say is usually wrong with INFJ and ENTP respectively?
When I evaluate an issue, I'd have other possibilities and will not rule them out. But I'd have one that's most likely the root cause because of previous experience or because of certain information. 

This is where it gets murky, especially when dealing with jobs and I have prior experience, I'd have hunches (which sounds like Ni). But when encountering a new problem, I'd try to list out all the possible issues then find the most likely one based on the clues I pick up. So I use the process of elimination or affirmation to come up to the conclusion.

Using your example of cutting down a tree, I'd try to plan for the right place for it to fall. During cutting I'd see the possibility of any environmental causes that may make it to fall at the places where it should not be, then begin to cut away while making sure that it's where I want it to fall.

I've been stuck between ENFP and ENTP, then figured I'm more ENTP (more likely having Fe than Fi and I have that ENTP half smirk as a smile). Now that I see quite a few INFJ, I'm wondering if I'm one. Man I'm really glad being able to talk to you about this. 

&gt; the hunches part i got images of people, knowledge of them before i began to talk to them, or before they tell me anything, but i got those hunches not just with people but with everything. But with people is noticeable because is like, a quite extreme insight inside of them. this makes some people open to me, with things really personal..

My hunches tends to be more about being to identify where the problem is. If there's a problem I tend to be able to rule everything out and find out the core pretty quickly. This goes with people's problem and also work related problems (IT &amp; computers). I tend to imagine things in different states and each state is like a box to me and the interaction is arrows (kind of like flow charts). I make the makeshift tree in my head and prune out the wrong conclusions then reaffirm the right ones.

Also before I am able to understand MBTI I can categorically sort people into different boxes and update the information as necessary (I know I like boxes because it's easier to think that way). So if new information arises, I can simply move that person into different boxes. So far I've been pretty accurate judge of character and motivation, but putting MBTI label on each box is hard because I don't follow the same dichotomy as MBTI when sorting them.

Anyway, I'm really glad I'm able to talk all these doubts with you. Cheers.I have to say having Se would be awesomeI think distinction between inferior and polr is valued vs unvalued. Inferior can sometimes be what you try to be but you're not good at it (Inf Si may mean that you want stability and routine, but not good at it). 

POLR is something that you find unvalued, but it keeps on annoying you. So if you have POLR Si, you find that stability and routine is unnecessary and annoying at the same time you're not good at it.I think it all boils down to demographics of the sample that you talk about. I notice xSTJ are more content living in the real world than online communities. I think online community has higher demographics of users that finds Te a little bit too harsh and intimidating.

In regards to why artists suffer IRL is because it's a job that either you make it big, or you stay home poor. This is similar to athletes too. Most other jobs are considered "safe" option because you'd end up closer to the average. 

So the bias exists, but it's mainly because of the demographics of said population.I find ENTP or INFJ seems to be the type of people that I'd like. There are enough spark in them, but not overtly boisterous. I agree. But for those who are in relationship more for mutual benefit then there's nothing wrong :)Excitement... getting bored of this monotonous life and tied to repetitive daily scheduleENFP? hahahahaI'm surprised that my Se scores higher than my NeDo you give justification or explanation or prefix with "in my personal opinion"?When you do something, do you tend to think "I really want to do this" or "This is a good thing to do because x, y and z reasons"?when you give the reasons, are they more likely referencing something that happens in the past and how it affects you, or is it more because of external information (based on statistics, literature, etc)?My understanding to Fi is you generate value from things that affects you. Once you're affected by something, you tend to have impression of it and it kind of molds your value.

Fe in general, tends to molds the value from what seems to be generally good based on external factor. Be it from societal norms, things that are logically good (based on Ti reasoning), from statistics, etc.

From your answer, it seems that you're ENTP. I'm actually trying to compare aux Fi with the tertiary Fe that's more supported by Ti logic.  ENTP - yes
I usually converse with myself when thinking out loud inside the head Me: ENTP
Wife: ESTJ
Kids: too young to tell, but seems to be ISTJ and the other is Ne dom
Friends: ESFJ, ESFJ, ENFP, INFP, ENFP, ISFJ, ENFP

Now that I list it out... I realize most of my friends are F typesMom is ENFJ, but I can't stand her.. Yet, I'm fine with my friends' Fe... 1. I won't force people to believe what I believe
2. MBTI is hard to observe and even the person typed sometimes can't even decide their own type
3. MBTI has been oversimplified through the stereotype of their typical function, or even worse just the letters
4. People confuses their idealized self vs the real self when typing themselvesI always talk to myself, but I do that in the head rather than verbally. However, my responses (on both end of the conversation) are shown on my face. ENTP - Outsideit bothers me and affects me too... Didn't know it's call that.. but I have hypothesized that anything else in this world can be imaginary and the only thing I know for sure is real is the sense of self.ENTP should be: "Yes, but..."You're just jelly and salty for how awesome ENTPs areIs it common for INFJ to feel stuck between 2 friends of similar distance? For example if you're in a group setting and A wants to go eat pizza, while B wants to go eat burger then you feel if you go with A, B might feel slighted and vice versa. Then you ended up having A and B try to compromise where to eat.thisMy brother is INFP and I feel that I can communicate with him best. Thanks for the answer. I've been considering if I'm infj.ENTP should be "but..."Anecdotal so take it with a grain of salt. My ESTJ wife gets along least with my INFJ friend.

OTOH, since I'm ENTP, my shadow Tert and Inf should be Fi &amp; Se, but I get along very well with my INFP brother and my ESFP friend.The few INFJ I know tends to find me as their confidant and I get along fine with them. There are times I'm baffled by how they perceive and do things though.. they seem to live in a warped realityI do this subconsciously. When I talk to people with British accent I'd have a tinge of it. If I talk to ppl from South East Asia, I'd have the Singlish accent and incorporate some of their slangs.I don't see why not? Each type can be intelligent in their own way. I see ESTP being more adept at things they can use their sensory information and in the now, while intuitive tends to be better at what they can perceive through the mind eye.I think the biggest reason of conflict always lies in the differing perspective and the lack of experience living through the others' shoes. There are so much variable in someone's life that it is hard for anyone to relate to everyone else's problem. There can be 2 neighbors, growing up in the same neighborhood, from the same socio-economic status, goes to the same schools, have the same religion and goes to the same place of worship, that will stand on the opposite side of a possible issue.

I see rules and laws as a compromise between the differing point of view and it never stop changing or evolving. Rules and laws tends to come into fruition depending who is in power at that time, since they have better chance making changes that will adhere to their own values. This does not mean that there is no opposition from other sides, but at least they have better chance at controlling the situation. The people who has the control of the power are more likely to bring up or propose certain rules that favors their ideology/morality.

This is especially true when we are living in a society that places the value of legality vs morality. Legality becomes the binding contract between members of the society, although some may have little to say to the legal changes. Although morality maybe more true to an individual, but they are also highly subjective. Morality is good as foundation of a legal framework, but should not be used as the law itself. This comes down back to the first point where people are unable to see the value of the differing point of view, due to lack of relateability.

What I see nowadays, is the prevalence for people to close their ears and find solace in others who agrees with them. When this happens, they may make slippery slope judgement just because of limited facts. Take the example of Bob, a new middle school student. On his way to school he was bullied by Joe who belongs to certain ethnic group. When he reached the school, he met with other students and told the story. Another student that shares the same ethnicity as Bob, Sam also said that Joe had bullied him before and took away his lunch money. They now assumed that Joe is anti Bob and Sam's ethnicity, when Joe is simply a bully that targets someone smaller than him. What Joe did is not right, but because of small anecdotal example, the issue become generalized in a different tone.

In the end, we have to see that everyone is just trying to be happy in their own definition of happiness. Some may find happiness by pushing their selfish idea, others may do so by pushing their selfless idea. There are people who are happy when they are able to purchase something for themselves. There are people who are happy when they are able to purchase something for others. Different folk, different strokes. It is not easy trying to understand others, but the least we can do, is listen to differing point of view. We should not just hear, but truly listen and try to understand them.

**TL; DR:**
Conflicts arises because people are selfsih:

* inability to relate to the other person
* rules has higher chance to be implemented by the person who is in charge
* legality is usually a compromise
* morality is too subjective to be used as law, but should be used as framework or foundation
* people just want to be happy, and they will do what they think makes themselves happy
* different folk, different strokes
* compromise and try to imagine living in other's shoes. If can't do that, then at least listen (not just hear) what the others have to sayThis actually sounds plausibleWhat is your credit card number, exp date, verification number and billing address? *asking for a friend* :pGoogle is your friend... for example try INTP vs INFJsure it does... it's the best friend that keeps on giving... so far it hasn't gotten snarky with me yet even when I asked him some "questionable" queries... Even his cousin (the one that always wear hat and glasses) never gives me issue.. but I think he has long term memory issue...ENTP and has no problem sleeping. Intense and movie like dreams. Waking up though, is a different issue..ENTP, I really want to stare the person straight in the eye and say "You sure you got the right target, PUNK!?! Don't bite what you can't chew.", but would most likely give a confused "Huh?" then walk awayThe definition of "to be loved" can be different from person to person. Read up on the [5 language of love](https://www.focusonthefamily.com/marriage/communication-and-conflict/learn-to-speak-your-spouses-love-language/understanding-the-five-love-languages) as a basis. 

I'm a thinker, but I also need to be loved, but my definition of love will be different than someone else.It depends on the criticism. If I care enough about it, I'll demand proof or supporting evidences or valid comparison. Platypus is badassINTP: The introverted and weirder version of ENTP. Nothing exciting happening, but gets along just fine. 

ENFP: Wild and crazy version of ENTP. Great to party with, great to talk to, but will stay away from the Te-bitch slap

ENTJ: Bossy, psycho and keep your distance. Can get along, but don't dare to get too close. Good as business partner as long as you have good contract.

ESTP: Hold my beer! When you need that extra push to do crazy stuff but logic dictates it's a bad choice, hold the beer for ESTP and enjoy the result instead.36why not?as of 2018-02-06 23:51 UTC, we're still the oldestI'd assume ESTP would die faster from those "hold my beer" momentsIf you do want to use plastic, you may need to coat it with aluminum foil to prevent injury to the forkENTP (M) with ESTJ (F) SOENTP here... hospice nurse is much better than data entry. I personally enjoy hanging around old people and helping them because they have so much story to tell.Not really... I feel I'm more awkward than them.. Even under these scenario, I'd still take hospice care over data entry. Even if I can't save everyone maybe I can be a factor in improving their system so we can save more. 

Data entry sucks to the point your soul is rotting slowly and painfully.I collect coins that has sentimental values. Like something memorable happened for the coin to be in my hand.I'm reading this article few days ago about how [Te is inductive and Ti is Deductive](https://www.idrlabs.com/articles/2013/04/why-te-is-inductive-and-ti-is-deductive/) which makes me wonder if this is similar to the division of Fe and Fi. I'm still formulating it but haven't really make any conclusion yet. This post might be a good place to iron it out.

**Deduction (Ti):** Starts with the theory, then moves towards the facts.

**Induction (Te):** Starts with the facts, then moves towards the theory.

I imagine the scenario with Fi and Fe as follows:

* Fi would make proclamation of a feeling, confirm it with the available perceived information
* Fe would say because of this, this and this I feel this way

Comments?I think everyone will be able to get to this conclusion, but the reasoning behind it may be different. For example, Fi user may feel it is against the moral code. Fe user might feel that it is for the best of everyone. Te user might thing it's part of the system that makes it work. Ti user might find it logically imperative to stop it.

Might not be exact or correct, but the point is that this can be the point anyone makes, but the path they take to get to this point is different.Yeap... so does all other types I've knownFew days ago I was reading about dom-tert loop and how it can make people mistype themselves. I always thought I was ENTP (based on 16personalities) until someone points out that I'm not NTP enough when posting on ENTP sub and my writing tends to be Fi typed. Ironically that was the post when someone asked if they're mistyped and I commented that being mistyped doesn't matter as long as you're comfortable with it. I notice that after incident I try several different tests and my tests tends to show I'm more ENFP. When I read a lot of the ENFP characterization, I tend to agree with a lot of them, but at the same time also feel that something is also missing.

My MBTI cognitive functions (based on Keys2Cognition.com) happens to be:

* Ne 40.1
* Fi 39.1
* Fe 34.3
* Ti 31.3
* Se 30.3
* Ni 22
* Te 21.7
* Si 21

For the longest time I have resonates well with ENFP and especially I feel that I use a lot Fi where some Fe functions (getting along, people pleasing, having the need to be liked) as my values, but I now I begin to think that I might be on a Dom-Tert loop and has been using Fe all along. I have been researching the difference between Fi and Fe. I read on a [thread](http://personalitycafe.com/articles/63173-fi-vs-fe-101-a.html) about differences between Fe and Fi and I actually resonates with both depending on occasion and depending on the subject.

For example: 
* "People who use Fe are accomodating of others' feelings, and making others feel good tends to be their goal". I do this for people I am neutral with or people I like. People I don't like I don't give a damn. Although I tend to go out of my way to be courteous/nice to the people I like, somehow I tend to be perceived by others as straightforward and blunt, making my niceness seems more sincere.
* "People who use Fi are always aware of how they would feel when treated a certain way. self actualisation tends to be their goal" I am both aware how I would feel and I would try to self actualize while still be at least amicable to the populous (agreeing to disagree). 
* "People who use Fe tend to side with the majority, leading them to be the types more likely to act like sheep." Most of the time this is true, as long as this doesn't go against my core value. For example even if 90% of the country is Trump supporter, I would still think it's wrong to prosecute minorities and assume that all minorities are bad. 
* "People who use Fi tend to side with the individual, or themselves, meaning they tend to resist efforts to conform in any way." While I like being unique, I understand that on most occasion the need of one doesn't outweigh the need of the many.

Another possible contradiction is that although a lot of time I can get a feel of others and know how to push their button (either in a good or bad way) as well as sniff out a lie, there are also times when I feel that I am gullible. Most people think that i tend to be on opposite extreme (either I like or hate a person), I actually have a neutral stance towards people and tend to be nice to them and treat them almost to the level as people I like. I also tend to be very protective of the people I like/love and have idealistic view of them. 

Another reason why I find that I maybe ENTP is because I tend to be curious how things work (like to open things apart to figure how things work), although I tend to have a hard time putting it back together. Then I like to theorize how things work (extrapolating based on a known framework). This seems to identify a lot with Ti.

However I'm also having a dilemma choosing Ti vs Fi. Depending on circumstances I'd appeal to logic (true or false) but on other occasion I'd appeal to feeling (good vs bad). Sometimes I am so confused because I use them interchangably. Another article on [PersonalityCafe](http://personalitycafe.com/articles/4129-ti-vs-fi-closer-look.html) also try to differentiate Ti vs Fi as being objectivity vs subjectivity. I actually use both depending on situation. I tend to use objectivity when trying to avoid personal bias/discrimination and subjective when I feel that it deals with a person's perspective/preference. For example when it's a social justice issue, I try to take away every possible bias and try to find the core issue at hand. However when people make a judgment on certain person for being good or bad, I tend to say that if it's within the person's freedom to act, who are we to judge.

From all these arguments, I took out Te because I'm feel it is one of my weaker cognitive function. But when push come to shove, I can be pretty efficient such as trying to find the most efficient way to visit all the rides when visiting Disney World, or tend to make the best decision when trying to find the fastest route home because I have a stomache. Most of the time I procrastinate when possible. Given 2 weeks for a project, I'd spend the first week lazily then try to rush at last 4 days. 

I'm confused. Not sure where to go. Help me please!

Uh, down my first drink within fifteen minutes, usually get cheered on to shotgun more drinks, literally become the ENFP stereotype, declaring my love for everyone in the room, dancing, doling out free hugs, breaking into tears because I'm just *overcome* with love and happiness, etc. until I finally collapse on a couch or the floor, and all this two hours into the party.

On the bright side, four hours into the party I've already sobered up.Having discovered the ENFP sub before this one I feel a need to comment.

The ENFP sub is quite rooted in a few stereotypes. The "mixed bag" analogy you gave is totally true. Almost no talk about the function stack, most of what an ENFP "is" is based on anecdotes, "You do this? OMG ME TOO" sort of stories. I swear the people there forget their own Te sometimes.

That's not to say it's bad, it's a REALLY supportive sub because of all the personal stories, but when moving from a sub that basically relies on stereotypes to a sub that actively stomps them out, it can be jarring, even if you're already aware of them.

I like the ENFP subreddit because it is a really supportive community, and they do have a good idea of what an ENFP "is", but I get the feeling that some of them are so rooted in the stereotypes they forget that they're their own person. I feel sometimes they feel pressured to fit the caricature, and that turns them off to this subreddit because that caricature is literally shunned.Seeing a lot of Ne, you can see a lot of ways that this trip could go wrong, but also, how this trip could be fun, and also that you can pick-up on someone's intentions pretty quickly. Some Fi since your friend doesn't need your approval but if this person could hurt your friend you'd tell him. Conciliating your friends is definitely F, maybe a bit of Te, but I'm reaching at this point.

So a few questions for you, do you enjoy people? Are you going on this trip because you want to? Nervousness is normal for everyone, but your nervousness doesn't seem to stem from the people you're with but rather the situation itself. When you were talking with these people at 2 am, are you enjoying sharing your ideas? Or do you prefer to keep a lot of your ideas and feelings hidden?

I ask because I think you're ENFP. Arrogance and wanting to be best at everything are normal for everyone, but you seem really excited to see these people and talk with them and do all sorts of things with them. It's a bit cliche, but there's a saying that "ENFPs think they're INFPs, but INFPs know they are" which might apply here.

As much as I don't like coming down to the letters, I think it really would come down to whether you're introverted or extroverted. Both types are pretty inward-facing, but ENFPs are usually excited to share ideas, with INFPs you pretty much have to beat it out of them, they just don't want people seeing (and judging and interpreting) their inner world.

So I'm like 75% leaning to ENFP. Besides that though, I think xNFP is pretty spot on.Ti - "This is the logical outcome"

Te - "PFFT. That's just, like, your opinion man."

Ni - "I'm constantly being hit on but only realizing it weeks later."

Ne - "It's crazy and convoluted, but it's totally gonna work!"

Si - "He's delusional if he thinks it's going to work."

Se - "Hold my beer."

Fi - "This post is making me cry!"

Fe - "Your crying is making ME cry!"
The extroverted perceiving functions are both really powerful and energetic.

So both the ISTP and the ESTP are sort of inventors. The difference is that Se wants to see it happen in the real world. I feel that's why INTPs and ENTPs get a rep for being lazy. They're happy about the possibilities of a new idea and dont care as much about the execution.

The difference between ISTP and ESTP is going to be priorities, where the ISTP is going to prioritize the inventing, the details on how an idea or concept works, the ESTP is going to prioritize making it happen, so marketing, constructing, etc. but both in general are going to have practical ideas and both are going to want to execute them.

I notice that in my ISFP and ESFP friends from art school, the ISFP is definitely less... Mm, practical. He'll experiment, he'll just paint and see what happens, draw and see what happens, etc. The ESFP is like that too but she's more structured in her practice. It's less about seeing what works and more about the final goal, making something look good. Both like to experiment boldly and show off what they're doing but their imediately priorities are switched.I wasn't the only one?!Intuitives see a world of possibilities. Flowers, sunshine^darkness^dispair... This includes NEGATIVE possibilities. While Ni kind of takes in information and sees it to one possibility, Ne sees multiple possibilities, but it's still the same: there's a possibility of something negative happening.

Even in ENxPs where Ne is the dominant function, it isn't completely optimistic. Couple in the fact that Intuition's big leaps in are hard to communicate, and it can be hard for intuitive's to fit in, leading to further awkwardness during adolescence.

This is the metaphor I used to explain this to my ESTP friend. You know the song "Blurred Lines"? To sensors, the line isn't actually that blurry. My ESTP buddy, he just goes up to people and starts talking to them. It astounds me! But it's because he sees those social lines we draw in the sand, hell, he can dance and skirt all around them and never make someone uncomfortable. When he makes someone uncomfortable, it's because he wants to. I assume it's the same with introverted sensors, they see that line and they can do with it as they please. That's literally social confidence.

To me, the lines are quite blurry. I just can't go up to someone and start talking. What if I overstep their boundaries? What if I say something they don't agree with? What if they don't even care about what we're talking about? What if I say hi, but then don't know what to say, and I'm seen as awkward because you aren't ready to deal with the thousands of possible consequences even though society dictates we be absolute in our interactions, because you live in a world where literally NOTHING is absolute?

Uh, just my two cents.Astronaut was a tough one. There are so many ways to become one, and you pretty much need all the functions developed.

Then again, I suppose that's why astronauts are some of the best humanity has to offer.I would disagree. I feel like childhood and teenage years put so many limits on you, and once you're an adult a lot of possibilities open up.I feel like for extroverts it's possible to spend too much time in our heads. For introverts that's their default state, but I think extroverts just wonder why they aren't extroverting, and come to conclusions about themselves that just aren't realistic.

Then we go out with friends and forget all about it for a while.

But if you don't have any friends to go out with, and those negative thoughts don't have any outlet... It's easy to think that you're a depressed introvert or become an anxiety ridden extrovert, for sure.Inferior functions usually come out during stress, especially in younger people. Extraverted inferiors will usually be a huge, deconstructive blast of whatever the function is, as opposed to introverted inferiors, who will likely make their stress visible, but within their own heads.

Inferior Se will become incredibly over-indulgent on things like food or drink, or long-term it may seek more and more dangerous things to occupy its time. Te will become overly critical, and be very loud about those criticisms, and they'll either be directed at the self or the object of stress (or really anyone who tells them to "calm down").

Even though stressed behaviour can be very, very broad, the inferior is usually the root of stressful behaviour. An inferior function isn't the opposite of it's normal function, rather it's a very small but powerful and irrational version of itself. 

Think of it as having an incredibly powerful tool that can overheat quickly. It's not something to avoid, it's something to be controlled, but it takes practice and that's why for most people the inferior function doesn't develop until the 30s-40s.1. Control technology, influence computers to my own whim
2. I'd let the city name me
3. 6, I'd definitely use my power to change society into what I want
4. 2, despite my villainy, I'd try to be more of a Robin Hood type character
5. 1, to bring about global change it definitely has to be done from the shadows
6. Not until I have to.
No, this isn't an Ne-Fi thing, this is alcoholism.Everything Jim Rohn said is gold. "Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better."Wait, so this isn't, like, ironic? This wasn't made to make fun of N-bias?

I always thought N-bias was just subconcious, now you're telling me there are literal N-supremacists?Well, I don't particularly like to swear, I try to limit my swearing so when I do swear it carries more force.Um, what?

I mean it's accurate to a tee, but what?It was a fun read. I guess I fit into the first group? I don't know, when I first got to the website, I scrolled to the bottom. Realizing JUST how long it was, I tried to see the punchline first.

I wasn't able to find the punchline so I just started reading. And it was good! It kept me on the edge of my seat. I wanted to know what would happen. I judged some of Jack's decisions too but it was a fun story. As it started to climax at the end I was almost disappointed, and I just groaned at the punchline.

I don't know if I would've read the whole thing if I'd found the punchline originally. It's like a really long greentext. The journey was a lot better than the destination. Maybe I forget that sometimes.It sounded like ENFP until the last two. Homebody would also be weird. Doesn't seem to have any problems with overthinking things.

I haven't met many ISFP's in my life, but she doesn't sound like an ENFP.That's sounds ENFPish but ultimately it's whether she is predominantly Se or Ne.This is such a difficult question to answer because you're dealing with how something as complex as a human reacts to something as complex as art.

Here's an example: two Fi dominant INFPs walk up to *Voice of Fire*. 

One of them understands how Abstract Expressionism is a rejection of Idealism. He values the painting despite it's basic design because for him, the painting itself is a rejection of the normal and a celebration of authenticity in art.

The other INFP is not as appreciative of the painting because she herself values Idealism. She believes that Abstract Expressionism exists solely to be anti-Idealistic, and that it shouldn't be celebrated because anti-conformity might as well be conformity, except without the comfort conformity provides (in this case, that being the elements of good art).

So you see? There's the same type, both making two different judgements with their Fi, and that's just the DESIGN of the painting. I didn't even go into what emotions they assign the painting itself, what they feel when they walk up to *Voice of Fire*. I didn't even go into their Ne at all, what values they "see" in that design.

You can figure out WHY a person assigns particular values to art through their type, but every type is capable of assigning any value to any piece.

Basically, you can't determine what observations a type will make about any one piece, but you can figure out how they got there.

Do you know what dialectics are? In very simple terms, it's the way in which two people argue. The two modern schools of dialectics are Hegelian and Marxist. Where Hegelian dialectics take the two points of view and seeks a synthesis, Marxist dialectics pit the two points of view until one overtakes the other completely.

Do these sound familiar? They can be applied to Fe and Fi as well. Fe naturally seeks harmony, which lends itself perfectly to Hegelian dialectics. Harmony will always seek synthesis before it seeks concession. Fi and it's quest for authenticity is the exact opposite. Authenticity seeks concession before it seeks synthesis.

So the answer is to be conscious of and use Marxist dialectics in your judgements.

It's not about continuing with a point of view when you're clearly wrong, or being militant about you're ideals. It's just about being confident in your subjective judgements and being adamant about your needs.Abstracted? Enthralling? Preoccupied?

**Fifteen Edits Later**: Gonna go with indecisive.I came here just to say that.I've heard ENFP humour described as deadpan. For me I think it's the delivery rather than the content that counts.ENFP - Animation

I'm not super crazy about Disney or anything (at least, compared to some of my classmates). Animation is more a science than magic to me. It's an incredibly challenging but incredibly rewarding art form.

I've been told job security is terrible, I don't care. My parents lived day in and day out hating their jobs. I just want a job that can keep me entertained. I suppose I fit the ENFP stereotype, but more for my motive than my actual choice of major.

You'd probably dislike NPs more than NJs. I'm pretty sure that's an Ne - Si thing.

We get frustrated that we can't do it right. Then we come up with these terrible realities that probably won't happen. It creates a lot of anxiety.I wanted to make an argument for Fi, but then I just started crying and crying and my tears fried my laptop.

I'll only say that Fi is only supposed to provide an ethical guideline for subjective decision making, so all these INTPs complaining about their friends ignoring objective information need to check if their friends are actually Fi or just ignorant (or maybe just have less developed Te).

Now I won't tell you my least favourite function and why it's Fe, but I will say that if i could swap Ne for Se, I would do that any day. Looking at you, ISFPs.INTJ &gt; INFJ &gt; INFP &gt; ENFP

Started testing myself in high school. The tests really do have a bias toward INTJ in particular I think. The next year I typed as INFJ. Then when I typed myself as INFP I started learning the functions, and I actually thought INFP was pretty accurate at the time, but sometime before college I switched to ENFP after realizing Ne was always a more dominant force in my life.

I took the test recently and got INTP. Also test as a Shaman for big five. Type 3 enneagram. I've stopped trusting online tests to be honest.ENFP. I'm incredibly clumsy in everything, from balance issues to stumbling over my words. Might as well be borderline dyspraxia.I was changing my career path every month in grade 11. I finally settled and really focused on animation by grade 12 but still, it was almost like I was spinning a wheel and whatever my interests were by the time I was supposed to enroll in college, was probably going to be my major. 

Animation was always in the back of my mind but I had so many doors to choose from and I couldn't decide. Some of those doors were forcefully closed on me but in the end that was a good thing.[You're not wrong](http://i.imgur.com/l2l1YPo.png)I loved math but only because of those last few questions of every homework/test. You know, the ones where it gives you a real life example and you have to convert one equation to another in a practical way to get the answer, or it gives you something that you've NEVER done before and you have to infer the answer from the simpler methods? But those simple question leading up to it were just so boring, just calculator work. I tried to go into AP Math in grade 11 but that was a cut above what I was used to, failed miserably. In the end I just decided I wouldn't be an engineer.

Ne is constantly looking for challenges. I remember in computer science class I would write programs to solve my math homework for me. It was just a fun challenge to find the general principles and apply them to any context.

So yeah, Ne needs a challenge, gets bored easily, but I think that's okay. It's fun to get a big challenge and then slowly work your way through it. The problem is when the answer is too easy or impossibly challenging, or it's just a lot of grunt work, then I just want to get up and leave.I'm from Ontario, so it's probably a bit different than in the States, but grade 11 university math is a lot of functions. It's given in two levels: university and advanced placement.

In grades 9 and 10 I was doing well in university level math courses but bored out of my mind. I thought ap might be more challenging but it turned out to be just as boring and twice as frustrating.So my fourth semester of college - my most recent - was probably my worst semester concerning mental health. So much work, not enough time to get it all done, having to cut corners on many assignments and worst of all pulling all-nighters left and right.

Now it's hard to explain what I was feeling at the time, since stress is a pretty generic human experience, but for me stress is very much a flight response. I've never wanted to just up and quit school so many times. I even joked about it to teachers. I'd abandon work for hours at a time. Left a lot of stuff last minute which, believe me, is not a common practice for me.

So, the main thing about stress is that it's kind of a thing where your Dominant and Inferior function are fighting for control. For me that's Ne and Si. Ne doesn't want the discipline and consistency that Si has. And when you're energetic, that's fine. But when you get stressed out suddenly and your Inferior function tries to take control, that's when you get the negative self talk.

"I'm trapped" "I don't know if I want to stay in this major" "I've made a mistake" "There's no way out" "What am I doing here?" "Why am I sticking with something so frustrating?" "Why don't I just quit?" "Why am I doing this to myself?" "Do I still enjoy this?" All of that went through my head at least once every day in what was ironically my most successful semester academically.

tl;dr I think the reason we get negative self talk is that it is to do with your dominant function, but it's your dominant function telling you to stop leaning so much on your inferior function, something we do when we're stressed, depressed, etc.I went to a weekly public drawing class in my city. First time there, completely alone. Try to talk and shake hands with the girl next to me. She sticks out literally like one finger and touches my palm it and gives me a really weird look.

I made sure to go to art classes with a friend from then on.

I've honestly never been able to just go up to someone and make a new friend (not like my ESTP friend), but plenty of people approach ME all the time, so it's not like I'm against talking to people or anything.

1. ENFP
2. I believe last time I did the test I was 3w4...
3. My bottom two functions, Te and Si, are the main functions of ESTJs. And when I get worried, I definitely feel like an ESTJ with the amount of shit I can get done. I can't keep it up for long, or else I get super stressed, but in a pinch I can abandon Ne - Fi and become a bulldozer. I do admire ESTJs (and ISTJs) but I don't know if I'm friends with any.Yes, but indirectly. For example, I think love languages are far more important in dating, but at the same time I think certain types are more inclined to certain love languages.I'd probably donate them before outright selling them, but I can honestly respect stealing over wasting.My dad has diabetes and he pretty much has three personality types depending on the time of day and his blood sugar. He could be an ESFP, and ENTJ, or and ISTJ depending on the time of day. Based on his childhood I've settled on ISTP for now but even then I'm not sure.Pfft, bro, I'm an ENFP and I'M a social procrastinator.

Wishing you were out socializing even though all you're doing is playing MGS V and you could literally just *go outside and socialize*? You keep giving yourself excuses to not go out.

I'm not the only one to experience that right?I have a lot of strong opinions and I'm not afraid to speak my mind. Have a problem? Fucking FiTe me.I mean it in the usual sense of the word. Being authentic, as in, not being fake. Fi's primary concern is being true to oneself.

So, for example, a user wouldn't ask "is this right or wrong?" It's more like they're asking "Is this right or wrong *for me*?"If any behaviour can be attributed to any type then why do you IMMEDIATELY label Ti the "computer programming" type?

Like, I get that Ti is a mentality that can grasp computer programming easier, but please, you can't just say "any type can be anything" and then IMMEDIATELY claim something for one type.

**Logical consistency is not a weakness of Fi**. I gave examples as to why it isn't, how Fi users can still operate logic, and how people who use Fi get labelled as Ti because "they're using logic so they MUST be thinkers". You haven't addressed that. You've only used the umbrella terms and shown that you don't actually believe that any behaviour can be attributed to any type.

Rationality is an inherently human trait. You can't just say there's a fraction of people who don't operate with rationality, because there ISN'T. And you can't just say MBTI type doesn't dictate behaviour, and then list behaviours dictated by a type.

I think I have a pretty accurate understanding of MBTI, thank you.I think the point I'm trying to make is that logical inconsistency is not a problem for Fi, but I never thought of it as a priority. Every person I believe, if asked, is going to say they trust reason rather than feelings. I never once thought about it that way though, so I think you're definitely right about prioritizing feelings over logic.

My main point with the authors was one of stereotyping. There was a thread a while ago that said George R.R. Martin HAD to be an INTP. Just had to be, because he writes so logically consistent! And that doesn't make him any less an INFP, so I saw it as a sort of bias.

Empathy for me is "imagining being in someone else's shoes". For me, that's always been difficult. It's something I have to actually try hard to do. Sympathy, on the other hand, has always been "relating to something emotionally with experience".

So, for instance, I can sympathize with someone losing their grandmother, but not their father. If I try to comfort someone who lost their father, I feel like I come across as ingenuine (which it pretty much is).

Sympathy and empathy have a lot of different meanings for people. It's probably the hardest thing to differentiate.

Thanks for the comment. I was honestly expecting more trolling and slamming down my argument but actual questions and discussion are appreciated.Yes. Couldn't agree more. I wanted to go a bit further into the Fi - Te axis but the post was getting long, I was getting frustrated, and frankly I was almost not going to post this for fear of being laughed out of the sub.George Carlin is my absolute favourite ENFP. It's not just his comedy, it's his personal opinions offstage that I agree with so much.

Walt Disney is another one, mostly because I'm an animator myself. Robin Williams is someone I try to emulate as well. My ENTP friend was also really jealous because apparently Daniel Radcliffe is an ENFP, and I relate to him a lot (right down to the dyspraxia).ENFP, if we're going to be specific then I would say Dengism, but Socialist is fine.



Some people might argue this is a Te - Fi thing (if not a bit benign, I know plenty of people who do this), but I'm going to argue it's a Ne - Si thing as well. I think Ne doms can get caught up in the excitement of a new idea and become obsessive over it. Meanwhile, Si doms can become fixated on the perceived importance of one particular thing.I'd ask how you act when you're stressed. Do you lash out with Inferior Si or Te? 

Inferior Si is kind of like a strong feeling of being trapped, and feeling a need to run away.

Inferior Te is more critical of the self and of others. It usually voices those concerns in an immature way.

Both of them can manifest negatively in NFPs, but if you think back to your most stressful moment you'll know exactly what you were feeling.I'm seeing INFP. Te - Fi can be pretty impulsive, impatient, etc... 

An ISTJ like Geroge Washington, for example, he's known for his ability to maintain the Continental Army through a terrible war of attrition, but he always wanted to march into New York and win the war decisively, something that just wasn't possible. He could be incredibly impulsive. More than once in his life he rode through a hail of bullets that left bullet holes in his clothes.

Te - Fi is definitely the "get this done quickly" axis, to different degrees depending on the type.I really want to be an ESFP/ISFP. Two of my favourite classmates are. They're both the most popular people, they can just go up to anyone and make a friend.

I could do it but I'm always worried no one will like me, and I feel Se doesn't worry as much about things as Ne.I think this is correct. ENFPs aren't charismatic in that they can get someone to do something conciously. Rather they just sort of sweep people up with their energy.

It's happened to me, a lot of people come up to me and tell me that my enthusiasm for something caused them to do it too. Likewise when my enthusiasm died it was really demoralizing for those people. I was, of course, oblivious to all that until it was brought to me.As you grow up remember that your Te will develop, very well in fact. Don't underestimate the tertiary function, it is very powerful in those who develop it.

Also remember that Fi is a judging function. It's not useless. It's usually very good at communication because it gets so good at communicating its abstract feelings.

I remember when I wanted to put a dent in the world, I wanted my purpose to be serving other people, helping the world, etc. it was a mistake, and I was trying to do things I had no interest in just because I thought it would "help the world". 

Just remember in the end, YOU have to come first. You will be able to help the world by doing exactly what you want to do. If you enjoy it, you'll get good at it, if you get good at it, you'll get paid for it, and if you get paid for it, you'll be more likely to help more people.

Also don't put so much into types. Types do mean a little but hard work and enjoying what you do is a lot more important.I've taken this one and gotten INFP too. I really dislike the tests that judge the introvert/extrovert scale, it's just not something that is completely static in most people.I'm guilty of "you have to sacrifice yourself for the world". Funny enough, if I hadn't stopped that line of thinking I'd most likely be dying in some engineering program instead of going into my final year of studying animation!

At the end of the day, what feeling is is a moral compass. Both Fi and Fe users are going to do what satisfies their morality. They are both "selfish" in that regard. Fi, I think, comes across as more selfish because Te is a lot more direct in getting what it wants.

An unhealthy Fe-Ti/Ti-Fe type can easily manipulate anyone. Fi-Te has a much harder time understanding others feelings, let alone manipulating them (though can, and do.)Because math is boring. But I was good at it, so I thought that was my future. People put a lot of fear into high schoolers about the arts, that you can't make a living doing art, etc.

It wasn't until I started thinking about what was right for me, that I decided to take the plunge into animation school. Ironically, I'm helping more people than I probably ever could have being an architect or an engineer, simply because I enjoy what I'm doing.

But I digress.

I think a lot of selfish people tend to justify their selfishness by saying that selfless people only do what they do because they DO get something out of it, which is good feelings.

I think Fi is particularly vulnerable to this way of thinking because it's not primarily concerned with other people. Really, what Fi does is it creates a subjective moral framework (as opposed to following an outside one, like Fe) and follows it. Fi does good things because it wants to follow its own framework. It wants a dopamine rush, and unlike Fe, it has no logical reason to do good other than that it is good.

I suppose that's selfish in a way, but I think the ends justify the means. Personally I think that MBTI isn't a way to find someone's end, but how they get to it. We can all be charitable, but the difference is why are we charitable? We can all solve puzzles, but the difference is in how?

Like I said, both Fe and Fi are following a moral framework. They're both just doing things to get the rush of dopamine that comes from helping someone. The only difference is that Fe is getting it from an outside, objective framework and Fi is getting it from an internal, subjective one.There's a perfect job for everyone. You've seen that Venn diagram. "You love it, you're good at it, you get paid for it, and the world needs it."

Problem is, a lot of idealistic types start at "The world needs it" and expect to like what they do.

I want to make a post about this on r/ENFP but I learned that you just won't help a lot of people unless you're paid for it, you won't get paid for it unless you're good at it, and you won't get good at it unless you enjoy it.

So you've got to find what you enjoy, and everything else will come in time.Well, you said it yourself. It's the younger ones who don't know what they're doing. When they try to stretch their Si - Te they come across as immature xSTJs. As they develop them over time they get better.

Remember the inferior function is like a really immature version of the function. Its not neccisarily about logic, Te is just a very pragmatic way of thinking. In the inferior position, Te can be really loud and confrontational. This goes away with age.

So uh, random question, is this about J.K. Rowling's recent tweets? I'm just curious.Yeah, I've felt like that.If our positive energy can sweep everyone along with us, so can our negative energy. It's really easy for me to bring everyone down with me.

It sucks when people kind of look to you to be the happy, energetic one and find themselves wanting. You're not only useless without your energy, you're a liability.I have an ESTP friend. We've had our falling out, but now we're pretty much best friends.

In theory the relationship in MBTI is a wierd one. They both have all opposing functions, and in the complete opposite order. No matter what you're going to be thinking in a complete opposite manner.

Our relationship was bumpy to start. He had some wierd opinions and I was a bitter arguer. I just wouldn't appeal to his Fe (this is all in retrospect). I was incredibly frank sometimes and I doubt he appreciated it.

He was also incredibly popular. He knew everyone. Like, walking down the hall, he knew every stranger. I was actually incredibly jealous. Then again, I had much better grades and I picked up skills a bit faster than him, and he later admitted he was jealous of me. This jealousy eventually lead to a small split.

Once he left my college program, however, suddenly our tension was gone. Ironically it was when I typed hm personally that our friendship became really strong. It was a bonding moment for us (mostly for him). We still talk on a regular basis, we're good friends.

It's definitely about an unstoppable force meeting... Another unstoppable force. One thing I did was I just started listening to him. He's bi and had a lot of opinions on LGBTQ community. I've learned a lot from him. I'm sure he's learned a lot from me too. Hopefully.

I mean, one of our fights was about if Dolphins were smarter than people or not. AND I WILL NEVER ADMIT THAT THEY ARE IN A MILLION YEARS.It makes it harder. All my dad has is diabetes, and yet depending on the time of day he could have three different types. Attention disorders seem to make people seem more like Pe.

On the flip side though, I think certain types are susceptible to certain illness. Si and Ne does can have incredible anxiety. I think Js tend to suffer more from depression.

It's not set in stone or anything but I think mental illness should be considered in MBTI and vice-versa.ENFP: Trying to start an armed revolution because they stopped selling mac'n'cheese in the cafeteria.I think this is a good explanation. Touching on authenticity is a good point. A lot of NFPs tend to want to find general answers to apply to life. They want to figure out the general morals of their life, what they would call their own moral code that can get them through anything. It's something I call a moral framework, and it's the same as when Ti users create their own logical frameworks to apply to any problem.

Another thing it has to do with is communication. Fi is usually in tune with it's own emotions, but COMMUNICATING such abstract and subjective ideas is difficult. Jung thought at first that these people were emotionless, but in fact found that they were just very closed off, picky about what feelings they talked about, and generally had to go in depth when they eventually did talk. It's why so many INFPs are good at writing and so many ENFPs are good at speaking. They kind of learn over time the language they need to communicate ideas.

Logical consistency isn't a weakness of Fi, but I think you're correct that NFPs get caught up in idealisms, authenticity, second guessing itself, etc. I think every NFP can guess exactly what went wrong in any given situation but tries to find the solution that fits with their moral code. I think these behaviours mostly go away with development of Te or Si.I remember one of my kendo teachers was one tough guy who didn't accept anything other than 100%. One day I finally get into a sparring match with him, and I had been working hard to get better stamina, better technique, etc.

So I just go all out on him. I go with big strikes, I really put my heart into this match. He's giggling the whole time. It's only making me more determined. Finally the match is over and he tells me, "That was a great fight". It was an amazing feeling getting a compliment from him.

I stopped kendo a couple weeks later. I can't help but feel like since I got a compliment from him that I didn't have anymore drive to keep doing it (in reality I was getting bored and school got in the way but I still wonder if it was that compliment that did it or not).You're putting too much emphasis on the letters.

An introvert can't be an Fe Dom, because if Fe was the dominant factor in their life, by definition the biggest part of their life would be in the extroverted world. If they were an introvert then their Pi would be the most dominant force in their life.

The confusion comes because everyone thinks you're either an introvert or an extrovert. You're a thinker or a feeler. And it's not true, we all have an extroverted side and an introverted side. The question is, what functions are you using to meet those two worlds?

Finding your letters simply isnt a good way to type someone. They're just a way to organize the function stack.ENFP here, and I'm in animation school.

While I don't study per se, when I'm doing scenes I usually reference what I need from real life and existing animation. I'll usually review my principles and try and figure out where to apply basic concepts (e.g. The "blade of grass" is a concept that applies to many different types of movement).

I've never been the studying type. In the classes that I gave a damn about (ironically physics was one of them) I'd take constant notes and then simplify and simplify them until all my notes were condensed on one sheet that applied to every question, then I'd memorize that sheet during homework.

I was always very good at applying basic concepts in complex situations. Those last two questions in any test, where they throw something at you you've never seen? I lived for those questions."You must experience one of two kinds of pain: the pain of discipline or the pain or regret"

Ironically I find the people who most oppose that are N types. I work in the arts, and although it's dominated by N types the people I most look up to seem to be S types.Maybe the reason you're not susceptible to the Fi explosions is because in the hopes of shutting out verbal abuse by your peers you've built a wall that simultaneously makes intimacy, even in the most benign circumstances, an anxiety-filled impossibility.I have suspicions I have dyspraxia, which is basically fucking up verbal and action sequences, something most Se users are good at. I'll often forget parts of a sequence half-way through something whether its a dance or tying my shoes.

Funny enough I was reading at a high-school level since elementary school. The only times i get mixed up on words is usually because I can't coordinate my jaw or tongue. The words and actions are in my brain but just don't reach my limbs. I'm also good with numbers, never any problems with math.

So yeah, I'm an Ne user but I seem to have the opposite of dyslexia. It could be because Se users are more tuned to their physical sensations while Ne users are more in tune to mental intuitions.

I'd love to hear from more Pe users about this, it's something I've been thinking about for a while.As far as the NFs go, ENFJs tend to come up the least. Maybe because NFPs are so easily stereotyped and INFJs are so... overrepresented?Once I had an argument with my ESTP friend about if dolphins were smarter than people.

He said dolphins were smarter than people. My argument resonated against his subjective logic (that dolphins were smarter than humans because he'd read it somehwere) but tried to use objective appeals to emotion to convey his argument (dolphins are more peaceful creatures than humans).

I said no. The argument resonated against my subjective morality (that humans are better than dolphins because come the fuck on) but I tried to use objective facts to drive my argument (dolphins don't have nuclear physics, do they?)

I could go on about our friendship, I've learned a lot about MBTI by revisiting some of our conversations (he is, after all, my complete opposite in function order and orientation) and yeah, I've also noticed what you've described.

It's important to remember not just how the judging functions work, but how they work together as an axis.

Big Boss' motivations are incredibly complex so I'm pretty much figuring this out as I type.

I would definitely say he is an Se dom, no question. Apart from his physical prowess, he also has an incredible knack for making the ideas in his head come to life. The war economy, MSF, this is characteristic of Se doms in that they aren't just content to keep the idea in their head. Another argument for Se is the way he frames his conflicts. His conflicts are never about who the other person is, his conflicts are always "us vs. them". In Operation Snake Eater, it was America against the GRU, or him against the Cobra unit. When he turned his back on America over the death of the boss, he misinterpreted her will as a "soldiers against everybody" mentality and, finally learning what her will truly was, turned his back on her as well at the end of Peace Walker.

How he noticed the problem in Ocelot's shooting, his love for physical pleasures like cigars, but also his love for the thrill of combat over everything else... All this screams Se dom.

His auxiliary is harder to pin down, but I would have to say it's Ti. He had a very warm exterior, denoting Fe. However, many of his intentions can be attributed to Ti. When Paz was captured, he considered killing her in Ground Zeroes, yet argued that Chico should be spared because he still had something to live for. Additionally, despite his life's goal being eternal conflict, he never disparaged people who worked for peace. I think this shows that he never thought of the interpretation of the Boss' will as a moral struggle, but simply one of differing logic. 

Now I believe this would make him straight up an ESTP, which I'm not surprised at one bit.

Honestly though, I want to see arguments for him being an ESFP. Solid snake is, without argument, an ESFP. Se because of the reasons I listed above, but Fi can be argued entirely from Philanthropy (and in fact a lot of MGS2). I like the idea of a struggle between a good ESFP and a bad ESFP, especially after what Big boss says to Snake at the end of MGS4. 

I also really want to see if anyone has an argument for his Ji being his Tertiary or Inferior. Big Boss' greatest weakness was his interpretation of the Boss' will. He was so steadfast in his interpretation, that even when he learned the Boss' will went against it, he just turned his back on her and sealed his fate. That this attitude would be tied to his Inferior is definitely an idea worth looking into.

Intuitive ideas are so hard to put into words, actually putting the idea into an explanation takes way more time than forming the idea itself. By the time an Ne dom is done explaining an idea, they've probably had five more.

It's a simple case of the brain running faster than the mouth. The mouth is always playing catchup.Ne is the function that makes connections between different ideas in the outside world (and not necessarily the physical objects, like Se, but more like the ideas they represent, this is important). The higher up in the function stack, the easier it is to make these connections.

With ENxP's, these connections come naturally. It is not that it's easy for them to make these connections, it's that these connections are made by default. This is why it's so hard to explain Ne ideas, is because we're not always consciously making them.

For ENxP's, it can be difficult to process some of these irrational perceptions into the realm of rational judgements through their Auxiliary Ji, and even more difficult to illustrate them through Tertiary Je.

In layman's terms, Ne doms create ideas faster than they can translate them into rational thoughts and explain them. Ji can't keep up with a Dominant Ne sometimes.Well it WAS Fidel Castro...I look up to most of the ISTJs in my life. My dad is one, and George Washington is sort of an idol of mine. Their sense of duty is inspiring, and the discipline they show is something I want to emulate. 

My only complaint is that they never ease up on their expectations. I always feel like I have to be at my best or do everything right when they're around. And the attachment to traditional methods is sort of my antithesis.I was hired as an animator for a Disney show a couple months ago, before I graduate my three years of animation school.

The job is great. Animation is challenging both on a technical and artistic level that I just couldn't get from anything else. Seeing my animation when an episode is done is really friggin cool. And the people who work with me are amazing.I can't say much about it but I don't actually work directly as a Disney animator. Just on one of their television productions.

My big dream though is to make my own television series.I think your point about overlap is spot on. MBTI isn't a separate field of psychology, it's just another lens to see behavioural science through.I'm not even a Te Dom and even I get frustrated by efficiency.The difference came up when I was talking to my ESFP friend. I want to go skydiving but she doesn't want to go unless it's somewhere she's never been. For her, it's the sights. She wants to be able to see a new country from the sky.

For me it's more about jumping out of a plane, facing my fears, the idea of the action and not neccisarily what I'm sensing in the moment. I'm not super picky about where I am.Honestly I can see some merit to this. When we're in the grip is when our most destructive behaviours come out. Resisting destructive behaviours and reinforcing constructive uses of the inferior is what improves the function.

As an Ne Dom when I'm in the grip I feel the sensation of being trapped, stuck, strangled. When I'm destructive I'll act out sexually to escape my situation. I've tried replacing it with journaling, which helps me record the details of my day, my feelings, and my ideas which I think reinforces constructive Si.

I think what's important is that destructive habits need to be replaced with constructive ones, but knowing your grip helps in choosing the new habit.Honestly I wouldn't be surprised if she had. But this is her reasoning, it's not the new experience that attracts her, it's the new sensations.I like that word, narrative. I feel FPs are specifically attracted to this. What do you think?Yes, I mistyped as INFP for many years. I believe it's because as ENxPs our Ne is taking in a lot of new ideas and information, and we need time to process it with our introverted function. Converting abstract ideas into concrete thoughts is easy in our heads, but conveying these thoughts to others is a weakness, and a lot of us aren't very concise in verbal communication, which only drives the social anxiety even more.

Extraversion comes later with the development of the tertiary function, the extraverted judgement function. Then it becomes easier to judge social situations, and thus the person becomes more confident with confrontation, reading moods, and making themselves heard. It also becomes easier to convey those abstract Ne ideas.I play a lot of these games and Beyond Two Souls is NOT one of them.

Coincidentally though I've been addicted to Stardew Valley for a couple weeks now.I can't wait to have my rational thought today. I only get one daily so I have to make it count!I don't think it differs from the general population. There's the theory that there are more guardians than artisans, less idealists, and even less rationals. African Americans being a minority mean that black idealists and rationals get even less representation than their white counterparts.

Fewer opportunities and socioeconomic factors probably mean that guardian and artisan qualities are also more valued for survival in the 21st century. But this is starting to get subjective and a bit too political.

Despite this I think African Americans probably show the same percentage of each type as everyone else.Hi, I'm an animator for a highly rated cartoon. I won't say which. Most cartoons these days get outsourced from America to other companies.

My pay is dictated by contract from my company in my home country. Our company's contract with the production company is not affected by final sales: all of that belongs to the production company, who pays their own talent VERY well, so don't you worry.I'm a little bit angry at some of the explanations of Fi recently. So many people have been attributing behaviours to Fi that they really shouldn't. Feelers have been getting mistyped as thinkers and comments about Fi by actual Fi doms to explain the function are being crowded out by jokes or oversimplifications at the expense of the function and its users.
&amp;nbsp;

"Feelz over realz" is not what Fi is. Fi, if you forget, is one of the *rational* functions. Fi doesn't blind you to objective facts and logic. **Pride** does that. Ignorance does that. But That is not what Fi is supposed to do. [Fi isn't a crippling mental disorder](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/399hd4/infps_cant_use_facts_and_stuff/). 

&amp;nbsp;

The role of the Fi function is to create an internal moral framework in much the same way Ti makes an internal logical framework. These two functions deal with ethics. Though they approach ethics in different ways, they are still both dealing with it subjectively, Fi choosing what is morally correct and Ti choosing what is logically correct. Don't confuse them as different kinds of ethics; despite arguments that Fi concerns itself with virtue and Ti with utilitarianism, an Fi user can see the value in consequential ethics just as easily as a Ti user can see the value in virtue ethics.

&amp;nbsp;

Jung said that Fi tends to put the subjective over the objective, but that is a bit oversimplified. Just as Ti makes logical "webs", Fi creates emotional webs that fit everything they perceive into a moral spectrum, not necessarily of right or wrong, but of authenticity. This is why it's good at parsing information. Fi wants to make this impact on their surroundings and accepts whatever info matches that idea and acts indifferent or tries to change the information that doesn't. Just like STPs are good at making their Ti ideas happen, I find xSFPs are really good at putting Fi's imagined reality into practice through art, language, law, and politics, and actually this is why Fi is so good at creating fiction in general. 

This "subjective over objective" mentality also causes Fi users to hold their feelings in, and when feelings come out they're generally negative, because when things are fine, there is no need for emotion. It is only when the Fi user sees a disturbance do they see a need for emotion. Fi users can find it hard to express emotion in an authentic way (further leading them to arts, humanities, etc.) which is what puts it so at odds with Fe. Fi has a need to share emotion in an authentic way which is why it feels a need to hide it, for fear of being dishonest.

&amp;nbsp;

This is why when I see posts about how Fi only responds to the most ridiculous appeals to emotion, [I groan SO HARD internally](https://philosophersgroan.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/cropped-paris_tuileries_garden_facepalm_statue.jpg).

&amp;nbsp;

Now, this also helps Fi in understanding the emotions of others. Fi is not empathetical in the way Fe is. Fi doesn't really care unless something strikes one of their cords. In this way, Fi is incredibly **sympathetic**. Fi wants to keep its own emotional authenticity, which means not responding unless an emotional connection can be made. This is why the lower it is on the function stack, the harder it becomes for the subject to be sympathetic, because Fi just gets worse and worse at making these emotional connections.

&amp;nbsp;

George R.R. Martin isn't any less an INFP than John Green just because he can write a consistent world. On the contrary, Martin is not only very good at writing caricatured and realistic moral archetypes, but good at skirting around them and pulling them from right under your feet. Keeping logical consistency is not hard for people like GRRM, or Tolkien, or Rowling because **logical consistency is not a weakness of Fi**.


Bill Clinton and George Carlin are not any less ExFPs because they can poke holes in the morality of their opponents. It is in fact their very Fi that lets them recognize moral inconsistency, blow it up, point at it, and delegitimize it. Ever notice how their routines go? They don't appeal to your emotion. They use Te to break their opponents morality and substitute it with their own. They don't attack rationale, they attack motive.

&amp;nbsp;

I encourage people to read up on Fi. Upvote explanations of Fi written by actual Fi users. The Fi jokes are fine in the joke threads but they are getting out of hand in serious threads and even novice question threads. People complain about N bias and other stereotypes all the time, but this oversimplification of Fi is hurting the sub.


~~TL;DR~~ Oh wait, there is none. **Sorry, but there is no one sentence summary of Fi**, at least not if we're having serious discussion about studying the functions and how they relate to each other.It's all good. I know my type but I don't have any personality either.No, NO, **NO**.

ENTP’s...

**DON’T**

**EXIST**Still waiting for my big tiddy INTJ gfLet’s get some pizzaDudes can have big tiddies.HowdyI’m 23 and I’ve never been to a dentist and tbh I feel attacked rn.To be fair I don’t relate to ENFP posts either.Girl: I wonder if he likes me


Me: Why did the Americans designate the M3 Stuart, the M3 Lee, and the M3 halftrack as the *M3*? It’s preposterously confusing.Right now, dumb-dumbYou should go through their full library of videos. There's a video where they clarify that part of their marketing was to demonize the old typing system to make it easier to understand the new one, and that after a couple years of stress testing their system against the old one, they have people coming in who are guessing their type much more accurately.

I also wouldn't say they've said you *have* to get typed by them or their operators. In fact, they're pretty adamant that you don't depend on their services because they're still developing it. Dave himself is constantly reiterating that their typing service is just a tool at your disposal, and what you really have to do is do some difficult self reflection with both yourself and with the open opinions of others.

Understand too that even though it sounds like a lot of types that they're dealing with, the possible combinations of enneagrams and mbti types goes way further than their 512. The binary system they have is great because if all you want is your mbti type, great just stop at the fourth binary and you can go home, and you can get accuracy between operators. Mbti + enneagram doesn't do this, it's just too reliant on the subjective definitions individuals give it and there's no control when testing for it.
Completely agree with you on Ian, he's seems ENTP in his videos but in vlogs or collabs he seems MUCH more like an ENFPOh hey I'm also an ENFP Slytherin !ENFP, have been a self identified Slytherin for ages, and all tests have confirmed this. We're more cunning than you think MBTI-verse ;)I have an ENTP friend I Skype often and I can hear his smirk when he talks. Have always loved ENTP's, they're always sexy and charming. They play hard to get and make me addicted to them haha. They act so smooth and with it but deep down they're softies who need love. 
-nervously sweating- HI
I like smiling and laughing and rainbows pour out of my soul, I have so many interests that make me jolly and I love people, unless I don't… puppies!


(Enfp)The Barnum effect is strong in this oneThat's it I'm unsubscribing from this sub
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMGXq9_IQBQ&amp;list=PLZzPV_Ytjk_ItNCfoVzyiEZaw9cJ9UZR2&amp;index=26

Treasure planet &lt;3

Also: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BH-wP2TDUBQ&amp;list=PLZzPV_Ytjk_KZi3MkuJNGE-rpof2NtQNw&amp;index=167

both these songs give me too many emotions

ENFP hereMy best friend is one. You guys are greatENFP

Bear's den - elysium Postparty feelingsISTPENFP. 10-20 min early. Always. !!! Agreed. I really like mafia (you sit as a group of people and play it, otherwise town of salem is good for that online itch), civ 5, heroes of might and magic 3, minesweeper, chess and age of mythology
I've also found that ISTPs are more intimidating and unapproachable for me which I don't feel with him. I definitely agree that he's more aloof and would not use intense to describe him at all.He didn't know it was there.My guess would be ISTJ only because, based on the quotes provided, Si is more prevalent than Te. I wouldn't rule out ESTJ or ISFJ as possibilities as well either.The state they leave their table in after dining in at fast food restaurants.INFJ.If I can add to this...do you think these tendencies are inevitable facets of the NFP personality or do you have any suggestions on how an ENFP like this improve/mature? He's been very upfront about the fact that he doesn't want to like me but is crazy about me. He originally told me that he does really like me but the timing isn't right. Then he told me he likes me but he likes taking things slow. I'd be open to a relationship but he seems so rigid.
Just out of curiosity, what have you heard INFJs think about ENFPs? From my understanding they're supposed to be very compatible I'm really interested in and very close with one of my coworkers but he absolutely dumbfounds me in terms of MBTI. I am almost 95% sure that he's a IxxP and maybe 80% sure that he's an IxTP because I can definitely spot Ti/Fe. I'm already awful at typing people, but given the fact that we are just coworkers and do not see each other outside of work, I'm very curious to figure him out. 

I really believe he's either ISTP or INTP, with (ENTP/INFP being long shot possibilities), he fits the ISTP stereotype a lot better, but when I actually analyze his behaviour, I lean way more towards INTP. The only person he reminds me of in real life or on television is Johnny Mac from BB17, who I've seen typed online as ISTP, INFP, INTP and ENTP. 

 Here's what I know about his personality in bullet points.
-Good memory but very disorganized

-Engineering major

-Loves banter, has a really sharp wit, definitely teases me a lot

-Thinks fast

-Doesn't feel bad about leaving messes for other people to clean up, will intentionally leave messes knowing someone else has to clean it up

-Drinks mass amounts of caffeine and always complains about not getting any sleep because he was up all night watching Dexter

-I don't know if this is enough to say he does things unconventionally but he ran downstairs to grab a bunch of buckets of water to put out a fire when we had a fire extinguisher two feet from the fire

-I notice that when more people are working along side him, his energy level is fairly low and he's very reclusive, and then when there's only a couple people working, he runs around cracking jokes, starts conversations with people.

-Likes to keep things light hearted, doesn't like to to see people upset, but is kind of awkward when he tries to be sympathetic

-Doesn't like to read

-Does things at work because they make sense to him, not concerned with following rules or procedures if he can't find the logic in them

-Takes criticism well, doesn't take things personally, makes a point not to lash out on others under stress

-Admittedly refers to himself as cold at first

-Reads peoples emotions from their face well

-Won't reveal anything about himself unless you directly ask

-When he notices that someone is upset, he will somewhat avoid asking you what's wrong/talking about the issue, but will try to cheer you up or remind you that he cares by bringing up a funny inside joke or memory.

-Let's say someone accused him of something or was displaying anger towards him. In a situation like this, I would feel the need to "stand up for myself" or get defensive, but he profusely agrees with the person (even when he doesn't agree with their opinion) just to get them to leave him alone

-clumsy, confident, scatterbrained, excellent problem solver


That's all that comes to mind. I can offer more information if needed. Enneagram guesses are welcome too! Thanks so much for the help!I'm having a lot of trouble typing someone and wanted to see what other people thought. I've collected all the information about said person that I think would be useful. 

-Very critical of others and society, can be very cynical (I would say this is that person's defining trait)

-Realistic, pragmatic

-Quick to make negative judgements/jump to conclusions

-Prefers directness and honesty rather than sparing the feelings of others

-Easily sees through cults and scams

-Has more sympathy for animals than humans, cares deeply about animal rights
 
-Strong leadership skills

-Stays out of the way of emotional disputes

-Likes sports

-Can sometimes be ignorant

-Lets their ego get in the way of things like moral convictions or relationships with others

-Very avoidant of any situation that is emotionally involving

-Self proclaimed nihilist

My initial thought was some type of xxTP, but this person seems to be more on the Fi/Te axis...I honestly have no idea. E vs I could go either way for me, maybe leaning a little bit more towards I. I'm torn on N vs S. Maybe T, but then again, P is the letter I'm the most sure about and I'm positive this is a Fi/Se user. I can provide more details if the above observations aren't sufficiant. Sorry in advance about how long this is going to be. I don't think any of my friends will be able to give me accurate advice on this so I would really appreciate some help. 

A couple months ago, I dropped out of school (with plans to transfer elsewhere in the fall) and moved to my parents house, in a small town that they moved to after my high school graduation. I got a job up there where I met an INFJ in the exact same situation. He just dropped out of his school and is back in his hometown with his parents. I really like him a lot. Getting to know him has been amazing. He's so intelligent and it's so easy to be genuine with him. 

Around Christmas time, one of the new friends I made around here (who is one of his childhood best friends) told me that this INFJ has been asking her for advice on how to ask me out and debating wether or not he should do it for weeks now. I was completely caught off guard because I had no idea he was interested in me at all. She told me that he was planning to ask me out on Christmas Eve. When Christmas Eve came, we worked a nine hour shift together and I kept waiting for him to say something or make a move - it never happened. So, right when he was leaving, I told him how I felt about him...and he politely turned me down and left. I could not have been more confused.

On boxing day, he asked if we could talk, and he told me that his last relationship ended very badly, he had been cheated on multiple times and that he wasn't ready to go through it again. Apparently he had chosen his school based on his ex and he had neglected so many of his own needs in favour of hers, that he ended up spending two years and all of his money studying something he hated. He also told me that he had a interview lined up for a job that would require him to move across the country, and if he fell in love with me he wouldn't be able to leave. I told him that I understood and respected his decision, and since then we've gone back to being friends.

But this childhood friend of his keeps insisting that I pursue something and telling me the things he's been saying about me to her. He told her that he thinks we're perfect together, we could be soulmates, he thinks he could be falling in love, things that completely contradict the way he acts around me. She keeps telling me to make the next move because he won't.

I feel really wrong for talking to her about it and I'm worried his feelings would be hurt if he knew my friend was telling me these things and if he thought I was conspiring behind his back to try and figure out how he feels, so I spoke to him again a couple days ago and we had a long conversation about how we feel about each other. He basically repeated what he had said to me before, adding in that he's going to be kicking himself later for this but the timing just isn't right. I pretty much said, "look, I know you've been hurt before, but it's unfair for you to assume what kind of person I am or how I feel or what a relationship with me would be like. You have some sort of assumption that I'm here to influence your decisions rather than support them. I haven't even had time to think about how I feel about a relationship with you, but I don't see a point in severing the possibility and being rigid and untrusting about a relationship that doesn't exist and that you know nothing about." All he said was "you're completely right" before signing off and going to bed.

The next day, he was flirting, grabbing me affectionately (he doesn't let anybody touch him), calling me gorgeous, finding any random excuse to be near me, asking me a gazillion questions, tickling me as he walked by. I noted his unusual behaviour and all he said was "don't think about it, I'm trying not to."
Then yesterday, he was completely quiet, he flinched when I touched him on the arm and he didn't smile or laugh at anything. Everyone was asking me what happened to him and why he was so upset. I asked him if he was okay, and he said he was fine and just thinking about his upcoming job interview. He barely spoke to anyone and left work without saying goodbye to anybody. 

First of all, I'm completely confused, because he's so hot and cold. I have no idea what it is that he wants and when I try to talk about it with him, I get rehearsed vague statements that contradict what he says to other people. I want to send him a text wishing him good luck before his interview tomorrow but I'm worried about making him upset. I really want him to do well. Even though the timing isn't great, the connection between us is so strong and I don't want to completely rule out the possibility of a relationship. Any advice is very helpful, sorry again for posting something so long.
I'm an expert in typology and have accurately typed dozens of people, but I myself mistyped as an ESTJ for... a year? and people just as versed in typology bought it.

I am no ESTJ lol  Had more to do with my self-perception and the fact that Ne and Fi are really only self-visible functions until I *make* them visible to others, so I just come off Te-heavy unless you're a close friend regardless.Don't really have much help for you... the 'spacing out' thing is occasionally an issue for me (ENFP F 26) and my ENFJ husband but honestly, just communicate. Type is irrelevant with this sort of thing and makes too easy a scapegoat.

ETA: to bring it back to type though, the 'spacing out'/lack of interest thing has WAY more to do with conflict of instinctual variant than MBTI type or enneagram type. I'm sp/sx and my husband is so/sx, which leads to a degree of 'well, time to really, really *try* to give a shit' at times.I've got *copious* STJ family and several STJ friends my age and every single one of them is a complete slut for drama.

*Everyone* actually likes drama- they just only approve of the drama *they like*. An ESTJ might think I'm a complete drama queen meanwhile they act like a total teenaged tool about something I couldn't give a shit about.Seconding, bigtime. The answers are pretty definitive of what I'd anticipate, especially considering how tert Fe operates in the type. I've been with my ENFJ husband for 6 years now.... I don't find [those functions] hard to understand. I occasionally find them hard to avail myself to them, particularly tert/inferior, and that's certainly mutual between us (and my other FJ amigos). 

I also think people are mixing up 'hard to *comprehend*' with 'hard to *understand*'...Good grief, no. Eh, doesn't really change what I said. My best friend of 15 years is an INTJ, and I've worked with quite a few over the years (medicine). No issues understanding them.... frankly even easier than the FJs.

Understand: perceive the intended meaning, significance, explanation or cause [of something]

Comprehend: grasp mentally. 

It's a difference of skill vs ability, to me. Comprehension is great and all and many people in this community have decent comprehension of functions, but lack the ability and skill of actually understanding them. That's because MBTI has little to do with motivation or really, behaviour for the most part. What you are looking for is [\(instinctual variant \(at the least\)](http://personalitycafe.com/enneagram-personality-theory-forum/118168-resource-thread-instinctual-variants-stackings.html) and enneagram theory. Absolutely. I may be to less than a handful of people, but if you're anything less than a best friend and try to hug me you're gonna get a swift punch to the kidney. I joined Mystic (Blue) and I'm an ENFP.

My husband joined Instinct (Yellow) and he's an ENFJ. Seconding this, and please just make the colours less reminiscent of the four humors.... It's a tool to use to understand someone. Some people may be easier for one to understand than others. That does not, in any way imaginable, mean your relationship with them will be 'better', 'easier' or more satisfying than with a different type.

Celebrating my third wedding anniversary and 6th year with an ENFJ. Have dated many another type, most of which went down in utter flames. Type ain't shit unless you actually care about the person. You sound like my husband, he's an ENFJ 9. Enneagram can certainly impact this but[ it's far more likely to be your instinctual variant that's changing how your type appears.](http://personalitycafe.com/enneagram-personality-theory-forum/118168-resource-thread-instinctual-variants-stackings.html) Unless someone knows me pretty well, they'd *never* type me as ENFP but I most certainly am, almost undeniably to those that are closer to me. That's due to my instinctual variant. 

How one *appears* is pretty unimportant to MBTI type. Same here, I had a ritual of beating myself up a little bit and became absolute champion of the 'rebound'. A lot of times I'd immerse myself in a hobby or work of art to the point of going full hermit too, but not so much anymore.

Can't say it was all bad. My husband was a rebound and our third anniversary is in two weeks lol Yeah, I kinda keep expecting it to be this low-key shorter term thing after getting out of a LTR..... joke's on me, you can't rebound onto an ENFJ 9 lmao And to counter the 'log in means they're more likely to supply real info' argument..... OP also already stated people will probably just use their spam/throwaway accounts anyway.

Personally, I hate being asked for google sign-in on some rando small quiz... like why does it require any more personal info than what's asked? Creeps me out. Agreeing this has nothing to do with type.

She's your best friend, but you're not hers. You either have to communicate why that bothers you and hope she understands, or learn to live with it. 10 hour shifts are gnarly, not looking forward to doing some 12h nights myself! Looks like you're getting all kinds of cool responses.

&gt;1) What is your type? How sure are you of your type?

ENFP. I'm currently 100% sure of my type. Haven't always been, but I've been told I'm not a 'typical' presentation... "You're definitely all ENFP upstairs, but you look ESTJ from the street." sort of thing. I've been studying MBTI, enneagram, socionics and SLOAN/Big 5 typology systems for around 9-10 years now.

&gt; 2) How old are you?

26.5

&gt; 3) What are your parents' types?

My father is an ISTJ, and my mom is an ISFP. They're separated for 5 years now- My dad is with his LTR ISFJ, and my mom is with her LTR ISTP. 

&gt; 4) What is your job? If you are in school, what is your field of study? If unemployed, what did you study/enjoy in school?

I'm an RN. I did a bachelor's degree in developmental and abnormal psychology, then a BSc in nursing.

&gt; 5) Do you have a significant other? What is his/her type?

I'm married for 3 years (as of today, actually!). I've been him [ENFJ] for 6 years. 

&gt; 6) Do you have any children? What are their types? If you don't have children, do you want any children? How many?

No kids. No plans for any anytime soon if at all. Because of my background in the dev.psych field I've never found any benefit or truth in 'typing' children or and I don't believe it's possible to fully type a child.

&gt; 7) Do you drink alcohol? What are you like when you drink?

I do drink occasionally, used to drink like a fish but have cut back to special occasions. What I'm like depends entirely on who I'm with, but generally there's much more.... 'typical' ENFP shenanigans  (++ gregariousness, impulsivity, entrenched 'bathroom counselling' sessions etc). 

&gt; 8) Do you use any illegal drugs or substances? If so, which ones and how frequently? For the sake of this question, this includes illegally obtained prescription drugs (Adderall, etc..) and weed even though weed is legal in some areas.

I've occasionally used marijuana over the years but I don't enjoy it. I've never recreationally used prescription substances, although I've used them for their intended purpose without a personal prescription (opiate painkillers, anxiolytics etc). I desire to be 'in control' of my psychological state so the vast majority of drugs just don't appeal to me.

&gt; 9) What are your favorite tv shows and why do you like them?

I like all kinds of shows. Hannibal, The Office, Blue Exorcist, Dexter, Brooklyn 99, Avatar/LoK, The Good Wife, Weeds...... I 'watch' a lot of TV by having it on in the background as I do other things, so the list could go on a while. My favourites tend to be the ones I actually find worth paying full attention to, which are rare. I watch for a well-developed plot that's not afraid to surprise the audience.

&gt; 10) Are you religious in any way? Explain as much as you feel needed.
No. I was raised in a fundamentalist evangelical 'church family' and started rejecting that when I was around 9 years old. I was forced to continue attending/pretending to give a shit until I moved out at 18. I haven't been to any church in ~8 years now and don't miss it. Nothing will sour an ENFP towards an idea/experience like being forced to do it, I swear.

There's probably 'something' out there in terms of a creator/power/whatever, but we'll never prove it and I don't think it gives a shit about us anyway, so I don't bother worrying/thinking about it.

I enjoy aspects of witchcraft/wicca/the occult but only as growth tools, I don't believe in divination or spells/curses/any of that.
If she's not stable and medicated, you're going to have a really rough time (read: impossible). 

I have bipolar I and have been medicated for 7 years. My energy level still fluctuates to that degree very often, which isn't the disorder- it's just me. I also have a degree in psychology and would strongly advice that if she's not medicated/stable/seeing someone, you don't bother trying. It was a long process for me to figure out what was 'disorder me' and what was just me, and I had all the tools to do it.

That said, the social stuff you described could be 'normal' mood fluctuation or it could be pathological mood changes - you may not be able to tell, hell, she may not be able to either, which makes mistyping more likely.

In terms of Ne/Se, my first move would be to ask her what she's thinking about when she goes quiet/seems distracted. If she says 'nothing', keep prying. Most Se users I know who go quiet and say 'nothing' mean they really weren't thinking anything (or at least nothing they could identify). Most Ne users I know say 'nothing' and it means we're so far down a rabbit hole we either can't/can't be bothered explaining what it was about. 

You're going to want to learn the questions to differentiate them on an internalized thought-level, because both those functions can be nearly impossible to identify from an observer's position without falling back on crap stereotypes. Interesting.... glad that you're having a fun experience but can't say I agree. This is far more dependent on instinctual variants than type.

Source: Married to an ENFJ for 3 years, together for 6, protected him from his imminent death by being mashed by a vehicle, electrocution, etc etc at least 100 times ;)

Edit: I'm sp/sx and he's so/sx.ENFP 4w5- Musical (4.86), Language (4.14), Self (4)
Hi! I'm an ENFP and my three best friends are all INFPs. There's kind of an awesome instant connection there, although it can go a little far, cause I've been romantically involved with two and romantically interested in all three. Be prepared for all of the ideas and then all of the feelings we don't express to most people.Well now I'm full of all sorts of doubts. I test as ENFP pretty consistently and the descriptions I've seen all seem really accurate, but is there anything else I can do to be more sure? I did test as an INTP way back when, but I'm about 100% sure that wasn't right.ENFP, against Brexit. The economic downsides of leaving the EU are huge, as we've seen in just the past week, and now Scotland and even Northern Ireland might wind up leaving the UK, depending. Also, the main Leave campaigners made promises about savings and immigration that they disavowed basically immediately. If the UK wants access to the single market- and the economy will take an even bigger hit if it doesn't- then the UK will have to make like Norway and still abide by most of the EU regulations anyway, just without any say in the matter. And that includes the free movement of people. So, yeah, it seems like the whole thing just means a weaker economy for Britain and, in a way, less self-determination because of having no say in economic regulations it'll pretty much have to abide by.

Aside from all that, it weakens the EU- a lot. Support in countries like France is even less than in the UK, and Marine Le Pen is already agitating for a referendum. The EU has problems- tons of them- but you have to remember that it happened partially in response to World War II. Western Europe's been pretty darn peaceful in the last 50 years and the EU has arguably been a big part of that. With the far right rising in most of Europe, a disintegrating EU could mean some seriously dangerous things for the world.That was awesome to read! I went through something really similar. For the longest time, up till I was like 22-23, I identified as an INTP. Socially withdrawn, not very emotional, not emotionally perceptive, hyper-analytical- totally thought it fit me. I got nervous around strangers to the point that my hands would start trembling if I had to start a conversation and I'd isolate myself for days at a time. As it turned out, that had a lot less to do with who I was as a person and a lot more to do with being a closeted transwoman trying desperately to fit in to that nerdy guy stereotype.

Fast-forward a few years and, after I started transitioning, things changed. I got way more comfortable talking to strangers and making new friends- rather than just kind of talking to one or two people at parties, I started feeling weird if I didn't introduce myself to everybody there that I didn't know and float between different groups. All the time I spent isolated at home started to get really uncomfortable because I just wanted to go out, see friends and actually interact with the world. I realized that stuff I just kind of dismissed- like how I think by talking and how I have to bounce ideas off everybody I know- was that repressed extroversion coming out.

I dunno, it just seems easy for a chronically depressed extrovert to start thinking that the social withdrawal and everything is part of who they are rather than a symptom of what they're going through.I couldn't resist. That's me on the left, but I think my girlfriend's type is way more obvious than mine here. http://imgur.com/LTUbodwYou've got two letters right for me and 1-2 for my girlfriend- I'm an ENFP and she's an ISTP.To be fair, we were both kind of drunk, so I might've chosen the worst possible photo. This one would've been better. http://imgur.com/wlE38PSWell, thanks for indulging my indecisiveness... again, haha. Really, though, you're probably right. I was actually wondering if I was INFJ for a bit, but from what I understand, Ni is way more inclined to mull over stuff for long periods of time- maybe like diving deep into a particular genre or artist rather than constantly looking for something new. And I did see some Fe in myself, mostly because I'm what my mom would call "aggressively harmonious"- I'm really conflict-averse and I do everything I can to make sure that, in a group of people, everybody's having fun and being included. I guess that could be Fi, too, though.

INTP was more like me when I was younger, before my gender transition- I think that was just a reaction to being depressed and not fitting into any kind of masculine archetype. That whole experience was probably really Fi. Transitioning kind of requires doing a deep dive into who you are, realizing what needs to happen and acting on it, regardless of what people around you might say.

So, yeah, you're probably right, haha.As an ENFP (probably), yeah, I do this a lot. It's not quite intentional, but I think by talking and sometimes I just have to air out ideas. Don't get me wrong, I love listening and discussions but, yeah, sometimes I just need to ramble on about something.I get really friendly and way more confident. I'm usually moderately outgoing, but when I'm drunk, every single person I meet is my friend. If I'm at a party, I have to introduce myself to everyone. If I'm at a bar, I'll start talking to whoever's next to me.

After that, there's the huggy, cuddly stage where I'm all over my SO and/or friends. Back when I was single, that generally turned into my slutty stage. I don't miss that. 

After slutty/cuddly comes the dancing-no-matter-what stage. I was probably dancing beforehand, but at this point I'll start dancing regardless of the surroundings- low-key bar, friend's house, outside, car of annoyed Uber driver. This stage also involves lots of whooing and can best be described as white girl wasted.

If, for some awful reason, I keep drinking, there's crying for anywhere from 45 minutes to two hours, then lots of throwing up and a morning full of hungover regret.

Tl;dr: Fun&gt;slutty&gt;dancey&gt;hot messENFP Anthro major checking in, doing nothing with that degree five years later. In retrospect, learning Hindi and Indonesian as fallbacks in case I couldn't find a job was misguided.Hi! Another anxious ENFP here. I spent years and years trying to be an introvert, but in the last few years I kind of realized that I wasn't spending all that time alone cause it was actually enjoyable- I was doing it because I was hiding from everybody. Totally had the same realization that, wait, I love being around people and talking to strangers (most of my friends are introverts, too).

So, yeah, I can relate like 100%. Anxiety is a really, really powerful thing and it can really wind up ruling your life. It sounds like you're trying to make a change, though, which is awesome. :) I won't say I'm out of the woods yet myself, but I've been so, so much more in-tune with the world around me since I started actually embracing that extroverted nature.Hi! So, because I've had way too much downtime recently (unemployment, too hot where I am to go outside for most of the day), I'm starting to question my type. I did another questionnaire here a few months ago, but I'm not 100% sure that it was accurate. There are two types I'm on the fence between, but I'd rather avoid saying what they are cause, ya know, bias (so no looking at my post history :P). At any rate, here's a questionnaire-

1. What makes you respect individuals, groups, or organizations? List whatever you can think of.

For people, one thing that I respect a ton is knowledge and confidence of who they are. My girlfriend, for example, is just totally her own person- she’s androgynous and looks pretty butch, but she’s always been that way and she’s not really involved with the wider LGBT community at all. She’s not like that to fit into a system- that’s just her and she completely accepts that. Self-improvement is big, too. I have a really hard time with people who are content just kind of sitting on their butts and not trying to improve themselves, or who don’t really have a problem just being average. It feels like they’re just wasting all this inner potential they have and giving up on who they could be.

For organizations, it’s more about the cause they’re committed to and how thoroughly committed they are. The ACLU, for example, is for freedom of speech and they’ll defend the rights of awful people to say dumb things because of that commitment. They’re not just defending a right for some people, some of the time- they’re for defending free speech in general, whatever that means. I also respect organizations that can evolve with the times and keep themselves from stagnating.

2. What kind of things turn you off about a person, a brand/company, or a particular environment? What gets under your skin (in a bad way)?

For people, no drive to improve or move forward is never good. Not being interested in art or new food/experiences/places isn’t something I’d judge someone for per se, but I probably won’t ever get close to them. Rigidity is hard to deal with, too- organizations and people that don’t listen to new ideas tend to really frustrate me. A lack of respect for other people is a huge problem, too.. Somebody who might, say, actively take advantage of somebody or an organization that treats their employees like they’re totally disposable is just… distasteful. It feels like they're objectifying that person or people, not treating them like they're complex, three-dimensional human beings.

3. How good is your memory for detail? Specific conversations you've had in the past, little tasks that need to get done, what you were doing the first time you heard a song or tried a food, etc.

For most things, it’s not great, like at all. I won’t remember the content of a conversation, for example- I’m more likely to remember what I was feeling during it, what kind of vibes the other person gave off and what it meant for both of us. It’s the same way for things like music and movies, too. I remember moods, feelings and ambiance, not specifics.

4. What do you spend the most time thinking about - the past, the present, the future? Practical topics, logistical issues, relationships with people, theoretical concepts, issues of morality/ethics? Do you find yourself fixating on one thing, coming back to it, and trying to figure it out, or are you more prone to meandering through multiple tangentially related topics? Do you often daydream/space out? When you do daydream or fantasize, what kind of things do you imagine and think about?

I think about the future probably way more than would be healthy for a person. I’m always looking ahead to new jobs, new trips, new movies, new restaurants, new musical ideas. The future’s just really rich ground for me and I can come up with some really elaborate ideas, like plans for starting a business and taking it through its first five years (not that I know a thing about business). I do tend to come back to the same ideas if they’re really interesting, but dwelling on something for too long saps it of all its magic. Besides that, I think a lot about politics, the economy and philosophy. All of it tends to be very tangential- I have to find a really interesting idea if I’m going to dive into it for hours on end, although that does happen.

5. Think about a topic or two you're really interested in and like having conversations about. Do you think you would generally have more fun talking about that topic with an enthusiastic, curious listener who asks you lots of great questions, or do you think you would generally have more fun listening to an interesting, entertaining person talk at length about it and answer your questions enthusiastically?

So my example here is economics and politics. It’s a really fun subject to talk about for me, but it does kinda depend. Hearing new perspectives is really interesting and, especially for politics, really important, but I can get really disinterested with somebody who isn’t very informed. Whether or not they agree with me, talking to somebody who doesn’t really have a grasp on an issue- especially if they think they know everything about it- is just irritating. I’m a bit of a hypocrite about that, though- I don’t know too much deep economic theory. Ideally, there would be plenty of talking and listening, and I’d come away from the conversation having learned something new or having seen things from a new perspective.

6. In the last question, what topic(s) were you think about?

Politics and economics, both domestic stuff and international.

7. If someone is doing something that you strongly disagree with, how likely are you to confront them about it? If you do confront them, how do you usually tend to do it? How does your answer change depending on your relationship with the person, and whether their actions directly affect you?

With most things, I’d be really unlikely to confront someone. Unless they’re racist- then I’ll immediately say something and probably write that person off in general. If those confrontations do happen, I try to be diplomatic and I’m usually pretty apologetic. If I respect them as a person, I’d feel more comfortable bringing up the disagreement, but also more tactful. There are times- and this happened a lot more when I was younger- where I can get really wrapped up in a discussion and start tearing at somebody else's opinion. It can get to the point where I make the other person really uncomfortable but, like I said, this was a way bigger issue when I was younger.

8. How interested are you in trying new things - traveling, trying strange and exotic foods, going on roller coasters, jumping out of airplanes, things like that? Regardless of how interested you are, how willing would you be to do those things if someone asked you to? How often do you actually do things like that? Give examples.

I love, love trying new things, although I’m way less skydiving-and-rollercoasters and more travel-and-food. I get kind of antsy if I don’t try new things often enough, although a lot of the time that comes out as me looking for new music on Spotify and finding new books to half-read.

9. How would other people describe your demeanor? It may help to ask people you know. How emotional do you seem to people? How rational? Do you tend to be quiet and reserved, or more loud and talkative? Do you seem to choose your words carefully, or talk stream of consciousness, or do you sometimes think so fast you stumble trying to get all the words out? Do you tend to finish your sentences, or skip to the next sentence in the middle of the one you're saying, or skip to new topics entirely? Do you interrupt - if so, when and how often? How do you feel if someone interrupts you? How often do you feel like you have so much energy you can't sit still and need to be up and moving? How hard is it for you to get out of bed in the morning, or get up after relaxing for a long time?

It kind of depends. I’ve heard other people say that I come off as pretty calm, confident and friendly. I can also be really, really enthusiastic about certain things and people have said I’m optimistic. I’ve also got a reputation for being really disorganized and constantly late. As far as talking, I’m usually more talkative than not and it’s pretty much totally stream of consciousness. Talking is how I think and how I understand things; an idea isn't quite real until I've talked about it, even if I'm just talking to myself by writing in a journal. I also tend to joke constantly and make a lot of quips. Interrupting is something I try not to do, but it does definitely happen if I’m really wrapped up in a conversation. There are plenty of times when I feel really energetic, like there’s energy built up in me that I have to release. If I’m in that kind of mood, I absolutely need some kind of outlet or I might start freaking out. As for the getting out of bed thing, once I’m awake, I’m awake.

10. Are you involved in any creative activities or projects? What are they and why do you like them? What are your goals in these areas? What have you felt most proud of or satisfied with? How likely are you to finish a particular project you start?

Yes! I’m a guitarist in a post-punk band right now. Music is something I’ve been in love with for forever. I can express all these feelings that I can’t word and I can use those to create something interesting, beautiful, maybe even moving- it’s one of the places where I feel the most uninhibited. At this point, I’d like to release an album with this group and play some local shows, maybe even tour at some point. My last group recorded three singles- including one that I’m really happy with- and I played my first-ever gig with them at this little DIY punk venue, which was just beyond awesome. I don’t finish a lot of projects I start, though. On Friday, for example, I posted a Craigslist ad because I had a vague desire to start a shoegaze side-project. I have no idea I’ll contact any of the people who responded.

11. What are your age, gender, and nationality, if you feel comfortable sharing?

I’m 26, female and American.


Thank you for your help! Hopefully that wasn't just painful to read.

Edit: Sorry for the derpy numbering. I'm bad at formatting Reddit posts, apparently.Hi! After a conversation with my ISTP visual artist of a girlfriend about how she creates art, I got curious about what the creative process is like for different types. She likes creating these complex, technical, geometric patterns based on things she's seen in art (especially Tibetan mandalas) and around her in things like architecture; it's kind of organic process where things branch out into these overarching shapes and patterns. She doesn't do much art anymore, but when she did, she could get inspired whenever, regardless of how she was feeling.

I'm a guitarist and very probably an ENFP; my creative process is really dependent on the emotions I'm feeling at the time. My playing and songwriting are always, always better when I'm feeling like crap and I've got feelings to exorcise. If I need inspiration or if I feel like my playing's gotten predictable, I'll go looking for new bands, artists and genres to find new ideas- even though I play punk, jazz, classical and electronic music are full of interesting ideas that I try to incorporate into my playing. Usually, I'll hear a song that's interesting and then I'll kind of let it mutate into something new in my head. Once I've actually got the start of an idea, I'll try as many variations of it as I can until something clicks- like there was a way that it was supposed to sound and I kind of stumbled on it. Hopefully, I won't hate it the next day and it'll turn into a song, but that only happens about 1 in every 15-20 attempts.

So, yeah, what are your creative processes like? How do you decide what to create? Where do you go for inspiration?
ENFP, language, musical, social :)I'm wearing it today! Under a cardigan (because it always makes me a little shy), but still!http://www.redbubble.com/people/tigercookie/works/13104620-intp-black-letters?grid_pos=8&amp;p=t-shirt&amp;style=vneck is the INTP one! I think it's just a design thing, personally. I like it! Nah, just sharing the awesomeness of my shirt :) I'm also curious if anyone else has done something like this and purchased any MBTI paraphernalia to show off how dorky we all are. :PAgreed! http://www.redbubble.com/shop/enfp+t-shirts Here, have some more!Current: ENFP


Extroverted: ENTP


Introverted: INFPI might be biased, but &lt;points to flair&gt;Eh, I tend to get along more so with intuitives however I have a good friend who tested as an ISTJ (though I'm convinced he's an IXFX, he used to do a lot of poetry, openly discusses his emotions, among other quirks) and we connect rather well, we kind of initially hit it off over our equally depressing childhoods and went from there. He can sometimes get very standoffish, however.Prior to the test: OK, I would wager I'm a Questioner.


After test: Okay, so I'm an Obliger, the direct opposite. Derp! Very cool, though, :) Am ENFP for the record.IXTJ?Concurred!Yassss! XSFJ?Archer is clearly an amazing spy. /sI said 7 for both. :3Sounds like I need to get myself an ENTP! Sorry INTJs!After just spending a week living with my ENTP friend who visited me, I can concur 100%!Graveyardgirl tested as an ESFP, see here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OU-ddAK8i4ENTJ: You're an asshole.Am ENFP. I make a point to deliberately NOT get super customised, basic bitch coffees. I get cappuccinos, as is. Sometimes with an extra shot. That's all.INFPs. Seriously. Look at any list of famous INFPs.Coco Pops! They're delicious ;3I think for me, 4w3s need to feel different and unique for the sake of their own happiness more so than 3w4s. Fe and Fi is a conflict I encounter sometimes, Fi is sometimes strong, especially when I'm in my more selfish moods, only really caring about my feelings, but then after I act on those feelings, doing or saying something for the benefit of myseld, I feel guilty I may have stepped on toes.My username sounds super new-agey, however that's far from how I roll. My old usernames used to have variations of the word Serenity in them, selected from a dictionary at random. I ended up tweaking it to make it more unique/able to be used more place. 

I wish I shat rainbows. And I wish it smelt of cotton candy. I can be quite happy go lucky, but more often than not I'm just derp personified.Hm. Well, see, boredom happens when one has either unappealing tasks/activities, or no tasks/activities at all. Thus, this feeling of unsatisfaction with said prospect of activities/tasks is what is known as boredom.

But yeah, it's basically dicks.I'm a lover, not a fighter ;)Red pandas!Because they're wily and adorable :3Mostly self-defeating here. Zero surprises there for me!ENFP: Fairy bread.Me: Enfp. Ravenclaw, with a dash of Gryffindor.Atheist, Enfp.Notch up another for atheists.The idea of xntx types, as the 'rationalists' being anything but agnostic/atheist makes me shake my head.Thank you for explaining your position. It's good to hear your perspective. :)I do! &lt;3Uh, not my type either :(I've read some of your posts regarding entps (and enfps) lately, you're so negative. :(Totally this. This guy's giving your type a shitty look, m8 :(We ARE pretty awesome :DYeah, we're pretty cool. However I resent the remark that we are full of shit D: Although we are, sometimes. Admittedly.Still not nice :(INFP. Partially cause Nirvana &amp; Gorillaz. Plus a lot of NTs likely wouldn't play sports video games. Plus as someone else said, cluttered desktop rules out INTJ, so.When I think of video games NTs play, I think fantasy, I think RPGS, I think FPS, strategy games. I don't think sports games. I date NTs almost exclusively. I have never ever seen any of them play a sports game. Not saying they can't though :)ENTP &amp; OP's type. You may close the thread now :PMy boyfriend for example is an INTJ and positively delights in arguing, however only for points he truly believes in, that's where he would differ from an XNTP. He IS a little trollish sometimes though.Ellen DeGeneres is also a good example of an ENFP.He took the test, got INTJ, although I know it isn't the be-all, end all. I'm still learning about typing, admittedly. I've only seen him go into a handful of online debates, however, he's very dogged and keeps at it. He has very little tolerance for stupidity and will speak up about it.Oooh, yeah. Completely concur. Them shadow functions.Am one of those ENFPs who do that. People get pretty taken aback.It's sort of amusing how Jerry the character is the complete opposite type from Jerry Seinfeld the comedian.Very hurried, scrawly, however still legible, oddly. I've noticed a trend (mainly amongst my predominantly INTJ friends and exes) that theirs is pretty much chicken scratch.Please, please let it be better than the shithole cesspool that is Personality Databank.I take a lot of stuff, however it's all located in a mental list. Like, for example, I'm gonna need to brush my teeth, right? Probably should get things for that, perhaps some body wash. I'll probably need a phone charger, plus books, clothes for all sorts of weather, just in case, camera (I'm a keen photographer), plus accessories for that...

I get weirdly anal about packing. Yet will just scrunch it all up in a backpack messily.The doxxing and nasty community at PD scare me ;_;Test complete!
75% ENFP
10% INFP
4% ENFJ
4% ESFP
2% ENTP

Pretty cut &amp; dried.One of us! One of us!Oh, we're quite the chameleons. I love myself some INTPs too, 90% of my closest friends are INTPs and INTJs :)Came here to say Jess too. Am very much like Jess, however a little more depressed/anxious. I'm very much ENFP-T. My housemate even said to me when we first met, you know, you remind me of this character Jess from a show called New Girl, have you seem it? I'm just like, funny that, it's one of my favourite shows :P

First runner-up: Keira Knightley's portrayal of Lizzie in Pride &amp; Prejudice.Am also a type 4, 4w3 to clarify. I'm very, very impatient. Seattle reeks of INFP/ISFP. At least, my perception of it. Signed, an Aussie who has never visited the US.So how long til you get with this ENFP? :P

Signed, a person extremely pro-INTJ x ENFP. (Biased as hell.)I'm sorry to hear that :( At least you have this wonderful person in your life :) ASI, apparently.Only seen the two episodes, but yeah, Ruth could be either an ENFP/ENTP although I'd say more the former, she's a people pleaser, dislikes confrontation etc. The only other one I have any idea on is Melrose, she gives off ESFP/ESTP feels to me.Late reply, just finished seeing it, a few minutes in, I had to check to see what others were typing him because I was getting strong ENFP vibes. Glad I'm not alone!Also derp, I meant 'most' in the title. My bad! D:I could definitely see that! The ESFPs have that flair for the dramatic, and I've never met an ENFJ that's poorly put together.Mother is what I meant, I'll go edit :)It's all good!Your story is the story of my life.I have never met an ISTP I got along with.Kiedis is 100% an INFJ, at least that's the vibe I got from his book. Agreed re: Smith &amp; Flea.Stared reading at 3, also the same type as you two. :o I was super chatty though.Am ENFP, this may explain why she is my favourite. She also commonly gets mistaken for ESTP, which happens to some ENFPs. Something about the two types looking a little similar. Her older videos were perhaps a little more ESTP, she's said she hated doing the 'skits' she used to and now mostly does her videos for her, not to please others.Yeah, good luck 'sleeping'.I absolutely think he is. I resonate heavily, although I'm a straightish female. These are all things my parents have said to me, particularly the internet one with my father. I didn't have friends in real life, so to me the internet was everything.Same :p insomnia.27/f/ENFP

It me: https://imgur.com/tGSIqrwAm ENFP. I fall down Wikipedia holes on the daily.  I also always have at least a dozen tabs open.ENFP, raised in a practicing Catholic house, realised one day at age 12 that none of it made any sense to me and have been pretty strongly atheist ever since.

Practice what you like but if you force your religion down my throat I'll chew you out.Lots of folks say ENFPs however I know a lot who are simply using a mask and are very serious and somewhat depressed/jaded on the inside. I for sure am.This. If they're the life of the party, likely ESFP.Ooh, right here. As a victim of a lot of shit (sexual violence included) I have basically come to expect life to screw me over whichever way it can. Rarely am I happy-go-lucky. It happens though. It is incredibly rare, however. I'm 28 and my life has just completely worn me down. It's not a stretch to say I'm a casual nihilist at times.Hmm, good question. To me that would still lean toward the conclusion that they gain happiness and energy from socialising, as opposed to shying away from it.Ideal type - ENTP, real type - INFP  


Eh,  not super far off. I'm quiet as far as my type goes. I pretty much said I want to be more logical, with more common sense, and more out there. I was actually expecting ENFJ for ideal.  


Summary, the first is what I want vs the second, which is what I am:  


 Introversion||||||||||33&amp;#37;||||||||||||||53&amp;#37;

Extroversion||||||||||||||||||80&amp;#37;||||||||||||43&amp;#37;

Intuitive||||||||||||||||||73&amp;#37;||||||||||||||||70&amp;#37;

Sensing||||||||||||46&amp;#37;||||||30&amp;#37;

Feeling||||||||||||43&amp;#37;||||||||||||||||66&amp;#37;

Thinking||||||||||||||||||73&amp;#37;||||||||||||||53&amp;#37;

Judging||||||||||||50&amp;#37;||||||26&amp;#37;

Perceiving||||||||||||||||63&amp;#37;||||||||||||||||||73&amp;#37; You want to be a conformist? :PI guess I'm a typical ENFP then. Conformism bores me to tears.I'd have said the same ten years ago. Now though...I kinda really like my little quirks :) You do you and don't let anyone tell you otherwise! Well, you know, unless it means not conforming ;)Am ENFP, I love finding hidden meanings in art and music. But I also enjoy the art/music when the artist confesses there's no meaning because I'm in awe that that came out of their head at random.I'm an ENFP and I'm very good at passing off that I'm not clinically depressed and completely apathetic toward my mortality a good 85&amp;#37; of the time.ENFP, same &lt;/3. Always here if you ever want an impartial internet stranger's ear, friend. Although I know your type doesn't like to open up to a lot of folks.Exactly this. If it looks like I'm not flirting and I'm all quiet &amp; overthink-y, I'm probably actually flirting, or trying to. It's almost like 'don't act like yourself, you don't want to scare them off!'I'm an ENFP and I consider myself painfully awkward and really don't know how to socialise without alcohol. Often wondered if I'm actually INFP.I definitely did, thank you for the insight :) My relationship with my dad is also very businesslike. Polite niceties, no more. Any more than an hour or so and we would get into screaming matches so I only tolerate him in tiny doses. At home he was a harsh disciplinarian and borderline narcissist, however around others he was a joker and gave off a more lighthearted side. That's why I can't type him for shit.Haha, my INTJ boyfriend does that in a kinder way with me, I will usually call if I want an answer for something fairly quickly as opposed to waiting around for him to text me. My mother can talk, a lot, 'just to hear my voice', or as she says 'just to touch base'. A 20 minute phone call with her is relatively normal. So yeah, I definitely get that.I would resent him a lot less if he actually would acknowledge his abusive behaviour. This man hit me and berated me, bullying constantly for close to 20 years of my life and disputed what he did was abuse, saying he did nothing wrong and that it was needed because I was a real problem child. I had my moments, sure, but I was always a solid performer at school, very polite and kind to others, never got in any trouble. I'm pretty messed up from my upbringing.Ugh, the 'because I said so' argument is the absolute worst. I was on the end of a lot of that. I rebelled in a lot of similar ways. No phone or they took away the phone cable (dialup)? It's ok, I can read or play my Game Boy. Go to your room and clean? Same deal. They were obsessed with routine. If the dishes weren't washed by the time my father got home from the bar he always had a few beers at after work, expect a beating or a verbal tirade. And my mother just stood by passively for most of it. I don't have any idea what type my dad is, I suspect my mum is an ISFX.It sounds like it :) Your mother sounds like a great woman!Did your father side with you? I could definitely imagine an ENTP saying the things you said.Thanks, I'm sorry too :/Wise man. That mantra is very true.ENFP, Advocate, Visionary, Extraverted, Intuitive, Linguistic, Musical, Auditory, Right-brained.

Yup, sounds pretty bang on. I also got roughly the same scores (basically moderate to high E, N, F, P) on each trait as I get on other sites.ENFP: looks soft, is sharp (Te bitchslap, anyone?)https://imgur.com/S1FGY4I
My shirt :DI'm an ENFP and I definitely believe I'd be a Ravenclaw. I love to read, am always wanting to learn and have a thirst for knowledge. I also have a fantastic caché of useless trivia stored in my head.I'm staying at my new boyfriend's mother's house for a few days and it strikes me just how much of an XSFJ she is. She seems pretty conservative and heavy on social conventions, she's pretty heavy on the whole 'Bless This House/Family' decor, loves crocheting &amp; scrapbooking. One thing that I've noticed is she will always make my guy iron his clothes before he leaves the house. My mother sort of made me do that too growing up, but as an adult I truly don't care about that. I'm not a slob, I'm just not super polished. If it were heavily crinkled, I might steam it in the bathroom while I'm showering in there, then hit it with the iron afterward. So it got me thinking, what types don't like to leave the house unless they look super put together? In the same vein as the extroverts raised by introverts thread. Curious. I have no clue the types of my parents, I suspect my mother is an ISFX, though I will say they were heavy on keeping a facade that everything was 'normal' and not completely dysfunctional, which it totally was.I actually have PTSD and it also reminds me of my abusive dad. So no, it's okay.Wooooooow!!!Am an ENFP, was bottom tier at my overwhelmingly tiny, conservative high school. I was the overopinionated loud weirdo.You and me both :(Came here looking for someone to mention ENFP for 2. Can confirm, especially if they're a depressed ENFP like myself. We like people to think we care, but sometimes we just don't have the energy to care and are sort of dead inside. Only sometimes though.Am also ENFP, they get shocked when they hear me swear and my dark humour because they thought I was all innocent and sweet.Yup, I'm definitely guilty of this. I habitually put others and their needs before myself and end up burning myself out. Been working on it! Thank you for your kind words :)In the words of Austin Powers, allow myself to introduce...myself.I feel very attacked right now! D:Why you gotta come for me like that though?Who hurt you?Nice self burn :PAny type who care obsessively about what everyone else does or thinks and the need to conform. And how different is automatically bad. Basically, SJs.I'd rather be unique than actively strive to be the same as everyone else.That's basically what I said/implied in my original comment. Not all SJs, but a lot of the ones I know, care about what society in general thinks, upholding traditions and conventional norms and such.Can confirm. Sometimes we are conscious of it, sometimes it's just like uhhh why is nobody else as psyched as me?Maybe I need to meet better SJs.Neither. One must protect their egg with their life!I also like black. Love it, but my hair has also been all colours of the rainbow, so I am deeply conflicted.I have had so many colours. But as an Irish-Australian with naturally incredibly dark brown, thick hair, the damage to the hair along with the cost (although I DIYed it) isn't worth it. I feel ya so much.Agreed! Fuck bleach. Not literally, that would burn. But my God, as someone whose hair is so close to being black naturally, I will never bleach my hair again. A handful of bleached streaks would be tolerable though. Maybe the frontmost pieces, a la Ginger Spice circa 1997.Why you gotta call me out like that, my dude/dudette D: ALL the unrealistic possibilities.Embrace? HUGS? YESPLEASE I want hugs dammit.Every time I try and do this I just wind up imagining I'm in a movie. Especially if I happen to be looking out a car or bus or train window with a faroff look on my face. Although that is fun too. But not helpful.Lol, Sensors? Not on MY Reddit.

jk sensors ily &lt;3They also like fighting strangers on the internet and Reddit is perfect for that!Oh hey, if it works for you, hell yeah! I wish music distracted me and slowed down my mind. Podcasts do! I'm an insomniac and can't sleep because my mind won't shut up, but if I put on a podcast I'm calmer and out like a light pretty soon!I think for me I definitely need to have something super mentally engaging (songs can be mentally engaging, but in a different way) to stop the constant flow of unhealthy Ne that my anxiety triggers, or vice versa. :)eeee I love you, hug fren!**MeGa HuGs**God, how do they make that work? That's one of the most incompatible pairings.Am part of an ENFP-INTJ match of my own and wonder what my kids will turn out like. Although I am starting to suspect my guy is an INTP.Awww, so glad to hear that! That's so cute &lt;3I feel so attacked.I'm 29 and I still sleep with stuffed animals. I can't give up my Eevee plushie!You're one month younger than me! Hi, almost twin!I'm a 4w3. I'm not as hyperactive and social as my 7w6 ENFP siblings, but I'm still very much a kid at heart.This is the wayYou and every other INTJ I know :'DSo tsundereThe Muffin Man?Yeeees, I know the muffin man...who lives on Drury Lane?THE MUFFIN MAN?!She's married to the muffin man...*ponders*ENFP here, super duper lazy unless it's something that interests me, in which case I can fixate upon it. Also we are procrastination royalty.Dude, you just described me basically.Talk about rebelling, OP! I have a fair inkling my mother is an ISFP and my dad is an incredibly unhealthy ESTJ. My brother is very hard to type but I've basically got him as ISXX.Sounds like you were a very positive influence!ENFP here. honestly I can't wait :)**don't stand, don't stand so, don't stand so close to meeee**We were already gonna flock :DSo they say, to uphold some vestige of aloofness :PTide Pods: the ultimate forbidden fruit.She thicc tho. Goals.I feel fucking attacked, I used to be that little smartass teacher's pet douchebag who was all like 'present.'IS SO CUTE AAAAGHHH I love it, OP! Very well done 🥰I was that kid who said present just to sound more intellectual or refined 🤣Dad: very unhealthy ESTJ
Mum: ISFP
Me: ENFP
Brother: ISTJ, probably.

No wonder nobody gets me. The only one I really talk to is my mother.Also another intuitive in a sensor family. They say I ramble a lot, also half of the things I'm talking about they don't understand or don't care about. Doesn't help I'm a progressive and they're all conservative.Such a strange combo. Mega "nerd got the cheerleader/football player" vibes?SameYo I'm an ENFP and I'm a sad ass motherfucker. I'm just really good at masking, I think most ENFPs are. I love you, ENFP brethren.Masking is so exhausting 😭Get your hands off my INTJs 😡😡😡Is okay, we love you unconditionally &lt;3 you know this 😘We love you too! 🥰🥰🥰🥰I don't want either of them.
for instance wih time sensors think exactly and precisely about it whilst intuitives have an abstract concept for timemost probablydo you argue a lot?
if yes then you're ENTP ;)INTJsI do procrastinate but when I have to do something then I have to really be interested or liking a topic in order to not procrastinatehahaKurapika - definetely INFJ, he cares about other people and justice in general

Gon - ENFJ

Ging - INTP

Killua - ENTJ

Leorio - ENFP

Chrollo - INTJ

Hisoka - ISTJ

Biscuit - ESFPplease understand me, characer and tempermant by kiersey, great bookI am an ENFP and got ENFP XDMagnus is either INTJ or INTP, still can't beat him at 10 years old but I am optimistic thoughENFPs: changing the system, it's old and it doesn't work for the majority of the peopleENFP: equality for all people regardless of culture or religion, stop fucking racism, we are one race of human beingsMake sure to make them proud by doing things that they would have appreciated, after all you love them and they still do, don't forget that pleaseBro, I'm 100% with you on working conditions but that is a different argument or topic, it has nothing to do with wat I was talking about.

I'm talking about people who are powerful and like differentiating others and segregating others because they think that they are superior than all the other people and it's fucking wrong cause we are one regardless of our birthplacewhat do you mean?Definetely for the absolute presence of rights and oppurtinities, the outcome can change as it depends on how much someone puts the work needed in order to achieve his or her own goals.I am against racist and ignorant people who happen to believe to whatever someone tells them.
You sure you're an ENFP?Same bro, my blood boils as well knowing that we are on the 21st century and there are still fucking extremist on planet earthAre you serious?

Hope you're trolling or something because you're running against 99% of us. 
This is about human beings, not about some shitheads who thinks that they are better than other peopleNow I get it, that's cool manWhat's your political view?Hahaha that's explain everything, I'm off to work nowWhy Ti?Congrats brah, very well informed, I hope that you can gain more knowledge in the future in order to help yourself and to contribute to society as wellI can see that you've done some good Te work!Hip Hop, Jazz, House, Trance, SoulxNTJDo you read the lines or do you read between the lines?Oh boy, you are a definetely an ENFP :DThe Te is not completely evolved yet :(ENFP, Social, Self, Body movementENFP till DEATH XDIDKBrah, I am an ENFP as well and I love chess, around 1600 elo, average.
I fell in love with chess when I was 17, but tbh now I do just puzzles, I may play an online match once every fortnight or so.
Btw Magnus is an ISTP, http://www.celebritytypes.com/istp.php#Carlsen, I tought he was an INTJ at first XD, anyway he is the bestlmaoTrust yourself.

Love yourself seriously more, girls are human too brah don't overthink too much ;)Because God exists, there a too many sign to prove otherwiseIf there is any racist type, which I think it's very unlikely as I think it depends on the individual but if yes then that typetoo longhahaThe beauty in this planet, the universe, you know, imagine if you were in space you would feel so small in comparison to the Creator, the structure of your body will shrink and whitout the oxigen reseve you would die, we should be more humble and stop creating things on our own and being so materialistic, the human civilization is the one that is destroying the planet, we act so stupidly and carelessely and think we are smart, modern, it's all bullshitThanks for the reply, I hope that someday you will find GodYou will, I was brainwashed by society before but now everything changed ;)yes, it's a very good idea, it could be actuallyread about jung typology not mbti and you will find yourselfI'm the same, for a long time i tought I was an ENFP as I was in the loop at the time I took the test but I can be an ESFP if I am in the grip because I'm Ni dominant and inferior Se and not many people would recognise me if they saw me on the grip because usually I'm not extraverted, I also took this test here and it confirmed everything: http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm and I got excellent in Both Ni and Te, aveage use in Fi an Se and nearly non existent in Si and Fe, thus confirming being an INTJ instead of an INFJ even tough I am an Ni dominant cause I follow my values and not the values of others.
Myers Briggs it's a code for personalities and it confuses IXXJ as judgers and IXXP as perceivers which is misleading if someone trusts it without deeply studying Jung's typology and spending some serious time on it.
I've heard people say outrovert beforeThis is anecdotal and I don't have any explanations why but almost every ENFP I've met (including me) was shy as a young kidI find ETPs also often try to be everyone's protective big brother figures, even when it's not really their strong suit. It's cute though and we love you for it &lt;3I always find ESFJs to be so helpful, fun, friendly and all around awesome. Any time I wanna feel like I'm worthwhile or I'm down in the dumps I can just chill with an ESFJ and be made happy again.I agree with everything here except Rachel who I'd say is ESFP like JoeyMBTI just shows you how you judge and perceive the world. Having the same type doesn't explain your lives leading up to this point which would impact your personalities a great deal.

Also look into enneagrams, they're also pretty interestingAll types can rationalize, that's not just a Ti thing. With the right amount I'm more confident, say things I don't normally say, generally louder, funnier (might just be other people around me being drunk as well though)

When I drink a lot my entire experience is different and I'm way less in my own head. I'll find myself somewhere with no idea of how/why I got there. I get cocky as well and do stupid shit but who doesn't.Archer is so quick on his feet I think the only logical explanation is Se - Ti. He quickly sees the situation (Se) and thinks of a way to deal with any problems using surrounding resources (Ti).

I'd also say his tertiary Fe comes out as his childish need to impress those he actually likes by pretending he doesn't care.okI wanna try to be less vainYou mean like an ESFP? ESFPs can often be mistaken for ENFJs as well.

That said she may just be emotionally repressed or something else, not everything revolves around MBTI.ESFPs. Se means they quickly pick up on all the quirks of language quickly and their Fi will keep them motivated if they have the proper emotional dedication. They're often fearless enough to be confident with speaking which is always good for learning languages.First gen:

Tony - ENTJ

Sid - ISFP

Cassie - INFP

Chris - ESFP

Jal - ISTJ

Michelle - ESFJ

Maxxie - ESTP

Anwar - not entirely sure. I could see a slightly unhealthy ENFJ?

I might come back to do the third gen later
Not at all. I can see why people would think that, but the answer is no.

This is coming from an ENFP with a family of S's. Kill me.While I do see similarities with ENFP, I feel ENFJ hits a little too close to home.I personally don't see ESTJ-A.

He seems hardcore Fi and Ne/Ni. But Fi to the point where he's convinced himself he's rational if that makes sense.Dealbreaker: Fe, not being biased. Just absolutely hate getting to know someone when you know they're putting no display of genuity when you talk to them/they talk to you. 

DealMaker: Open-minded/understanding individuals. A big turn on is watching someone doing their own thing aka being independent/passionate in their field.As an ENFP I can pretty much sa-

ooh a flowerYou know this is written by an ENTP when it's downright intrapersonal flattery.You forgot the "overly narcissistic without having a reason to justify their self worth. Check."As an ENFP, I understand where you're coming from. But in the end none of these T types are going to understand you anyways. Yes they'll "understand", but they won't understand. That's the dilemma with mBTI types, ST and NT types , ironic as the thinkers, will never be able to fully acknowledge their own emotions which is why they don't seem too meaningful to themselves or other individual types. "Meaning" if that makes sense , doesn't really apply to them (not being biased). It's their brain stem and they can't help it, similar to us not relying on logic but rather emotion.

Fuck Fe people though, that's definitely a bias im willing to show lol.

I'm not sure how you as an INFP blend in with the other types, as ENFP, I'll get along with primary Ti etc. (everyone really), since I have to acknowledge that some T people are in fact stupid/incapable of processing things , as the F is incapable of sometimes thinking rationally. Though In the end, this is only my perspective.

The reason I consider XNFP to be the people of true raw emotions is because we use our actual vulnerability to get along with others, and I'm pretty sure we are the only ones that do that (sure there may be exceptions).  But I think it's rather beautiful since we intertwine raw emotions and imagination in its most natural state.


Don't get mad that they're bias towards thinkers, they're incapable of trying to see some instances of value as meaningful.But can you see how it can backfire if you're not ENTP?

It's like that kid that will drag you into a conversation with little context, then you'll be like 'what?' , then that kid will be like, "HA! You see? I'm smarter than you because you couldn't answer!". Then he'll parade about how intelligent he is.

It may be precious to you, but it can be irritating to others.

I'm on your side tho lol, I like wallowing in mindless rationalism and  get along with other Ne Ti's more than Ne Fi's. let me correct my statement. Fuck ESFJs, ENFJ's are coolThank you fellow ESTP. 

Glad you understoodESTP i reckon.

Deffo Se and Ti but deffo more SeLook! its the INTP guy with the INFP flair because 'it's fuckin funny and hilarious!'.

I wonder which posts you haven't visited yet.I don't ask why because the joke is dead now.ENFP. Even though i'm perfectly fine being ENFP, I'd love to be ENTJ.You've got the case of the ENFP.

-Lack of interest, boredom in a social situation.

- You like riling things up and moving on.

- You can't hang around someone for too long and get bored.


You like the idea of burning bridges, basically enjoying the drama.
The idea of playing an underdog mentality in order for you to perform your best seems very Ne Fi to me.

I possibly think you're an ENFP.ENFP: Creator of hype, distortion and perversion in order to wallow in mindless emotionalism.Fuck SJWs.Yes but unhealthy PRIMARY Fi are wayyy worse than secondary Fi's. Not attacking, just assuming.Hmm, it's the work ethic that I crave.

For us ENFPs, we're already super charming on our own ;)Personally I don't like Fes, but that's my case.Are people seriously saying Se are more unpredictable than Ne? Lol.  Let me laugh for eternityENXPs. I thought this was obvious?That's now how it works. That's not how any of this works.

You personally like Trump, while you're other fellow ENTPs seem skeptical about it. I doubt there will be a strong majority preferred president based on the types.

I think the question should have been "Which each type would 'most likely' vote for"


If ENFPs had a game, i'd like to think of these elements.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpvHqAsNVH0

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_osMYleHUvs

INFJ's would be something like Shadow of the colossus.

and ENFJ as Sims (lol)Hayao Miyazaki Studio Ghibli Films - Definitely NF.

Princess Mononoke - INFJ


Spirited Away - ENFP 


Howl's Moving Castle - ENFP


Laputa - INFP


Nausicaa - XNFX
 Yeah I heard we're quite charming. The most of us you'll find will probably get on your nerves but every ENFP varies greatly. No idea what the fuck you're talking about, but no, I absolutely love being lost in big spaces such as the hallway image you posted above, especially in dreams.

I can't really understand what intrigues me about the emptiness of open spaces, maybe it's the element of being free? No idea.ENFP &amp; ISTP. Ti logic &amp; Ne Fi humor couldn't be ironically funnierENFP: Mello - Deathnote,


Willy Wonka, 
Raoul Duke
Walt DisneyEccentric1. ENFP

2. Male

3. XNXX - now now don't take offence people.


4. INXX or ENXX

5. Anyone who is not XSFX

6. Someone who's definitely an NT or NF.

7. Well, everyone's obviously gonna answer depending on what type they are, so definitely N friends.

8. Definitely N, intelligent humor is always funny.

9. ESFJ's and ENFJ's.

10. ESFJ. Despise people pleasers.

Lol obviously everyone's experience is going to revolve around their own personality type, or someone near them. If not, their preference will still remain in the same field. ? I tend to thinK ENFJ's are pretty flawed,the fact that you're not happy if some people are unhappy already seems a bit petty to me.Willy Wonka,

Howl from Howl's Moving Castle

Michael ScottENTJ's and ESTJs.

However, due to their suppressed Fi's they seem to have the most complex complicated problems inside them which they can't find a way to resolve, thus being stuck in their Te/Ni Te/Si loop. They have the hardest time trying to figure out who their 'real' selves are, so yes, being the most confident is great, but inside yourself you're pretty fucked.Subjective logic trying to be objective but still being subjective.  

BoomNot pettiness, but I find emotional accommodation petty when there doesn't need to be any, but I'm an Ne Fi and everyone has their subjective opinion.

You seem defensive with the amount of replies you've given on this thread, not sure if butthurt ENTJ or trying to do what they think is right .&gt; Some consider the ENFP to be on the same level, but I would disagree, as ENFPs can be so flakey and interruptive in conversations. Unaware and rude imo.

Reading this, obviously more P's are going to understand P's better, whereas J types will understand J's better. It's all a matter of perspective. 

I get what you're saying. But you're generalising a type based on one specific ENFP trait that rarely occurs. ENFPs do have a notoriety for being flakey, but for interruptive I've seen more ENTPS in my experience. Equivalent to me not being fond of ENFJs (ESFJs for a matter)


Though I do see a bit of derision coming from yourself. And right now it's evident that Your ENFP best friend really pissed you off.You can emotionally accommodate your loved one yes, but what I'm implying is that if you're using emotional accommodation in order to control a social situation (in my experience), I consider that petty. How is this misinformation if it's subjective?

Also, why are you telling me it's not that deep when you're replying to everyone who disagrees with this post? Lol Good oneYou've mistaken my point again. TypicalWhat I'm saying is there are some out there that do it to emotionally control a situation. You misunderstand my point. You're reluctant to listen to anyone but yourself. Lol How ENTJ of you&gt; You're reluctant to listen to anyone but yourself.

You weren't biased of ENFPs in the first place? &amp; you've just proved my point lolISTPs.

A bit of a mixed bag, I love the Ti , as useful &amp; wonderful as it is it's also limiting. They say ENFPS &amp; ISTPs don't get along and I disagree as one of my best friends is an ISTP. I'm aware of the 'lone wolf' persona but whenever I come across an ISTP I get high off of breaking them down &amp; them getting uncomfortable for the sake of their Ti trying to process what's happening, kinda like watching your computer freeze on task manager. It's hilarious. 

ISTPs are great, mechanical and technical, but as an Ne I've come to realize that I can't express myself the way I'd usually do. I'd have to say exactly what I'd have to say, that's sorta the problem with Ti Se, you guys don't have an intuition for language.

Seeing an ISTP with an ESTP is great bants. But putting an ENFP with an ISTP just makes up for the best central comedy two people could watch in nature, just the conflicting NE FI &amp; TI SE makes an actual &amp; literal "dynamic duo".ENFP Willy Wonka super spot on.I tend to think Fe types. Fe gets bothered when you cross a line when it comes to external objective feeling, Fi is more stubborn and less sensitive in this sense, except to their standards.It isnt, but when you're trying to be objective while 'still' being subjective, then yeah it can be.It's not the principle of abandoning objectivity. You're still being logical, but that logic is subjective to you, aka what you just wrote.

 Your 'logic' may be different/equally similar to another person's subjective logic, and sometimes both of you can be objective. But you're still subjective.LetsWorkTogether and work it outNakama, Escape and Hunter.As a muslim I can definitely see ESTJ. ENFP would end up seducing either IXTJ types if in a room for more than an hour
Robin Williams that's pretty on point.As an ENFP I get high off this type'a shitIt's a demarcation effect.

People use the MBTI as a source of maintaining their stigma of personalities, and generally grasp a better understanding of why they get/don't get along with others.

It's much more praised within the Introverted community for obvious reasons 

You could say it helps expand your knowledge using this database, but in my opinion it's just a way of filtering your sociological knowledge by not looking like a retard in public. Male ENFPs are just another embodiment of willy wonka so yes&gt; A female INTJ

&gt; In high school

&gt; Walking into choir class and seeing the most beautiful person in my life.

&gt; She made a formal impression.


&gt; Her looks and intelligence

&gt; Her sense of trust

&gt; She would always scheme.

&gt; If not, most of the time.

&gt; Being really silly with her, it's like two opposite weirdos sharing the same insight.

&gt; When she was told me things weren't going to last.

&gt; Still love her.

&gt; Not for the time being.

&gt; Nothing is permanent. As a suppressed Si it sucks to have moral convictions for how rules can be bound.Entp's tend to think they are, from my experience, ENTP's i've met in my life haven't been as eye-opening as their  personality pages tend them to.

I tend to think, as most personality types, ENTPs are usually more eye-opening in fiction.
As an Ne dom reading your statement I understand completely, it's strange. I realise that when I think about what I have to articulate just random word vomit comes out, unless I'm ranting, I do much better at expressing myself when i'm randomly rolling down with words.ENFP  SlytherinnnThis is the first time I've seen an ESFP completely annihilate a typically ignorant INTJ. 

Kudos to you for beating them at their own game in terms of evidence and bias(es).What I've come to realize with the process of Ne in both ENXPs.

For ENTPs, they're constantly striving to get down to the basis of an answer, they'd want to figure out why this or that correlates to this, which results them in being inquisitive by nature. 


ENFPs, on the other hand are more of a randomizer, their intrigue relies on wallowing in mindless emotionalism in order to study the emotional aspects of a situation. Though unlike the ENTP, if two things don't add up it doesn't matter to the ENFP. 



The beauty of the contrast in their Ne followed by their other functions is that: 



ENTPS, things need to make sense. - This wisdom stems from prioritizing knowledge throughout life.

ENFPS, thing do not need to make sense. - This wisdom stems from prioritizing understanding life.Here's a really good one.

Mello from Deathnote is a perfect example of an ENFP villain. 

NFP villains are usually corrupted by their own perception of their passion, which is why they struggle to be entirely bad, but decidedly can be if they want to. I'd immediately perceive you as an autistic retard if you ask me if you're racist because you don't like hummus.

I absolutely agree, the N's approach this community with a false sense of unique identity.

&gt; Thinkers naturally have higher emotional intelligence, as in they're better at controlling their emotions.

Double Gigglesnort, in that case, feelers have higher standpoints for differentiating subjective logic from objective, AS In they're better at noticing when logic can be subjective. 
I'll just wait for an ENTP to comment some bullshit here, will be back soon!Can confirm as an ISTJ looking ENFPI'm pretty sure what you're referencing to as POLR Fi is basic Ti. People deem Fi to be way more subjective but if you really think about it, Ti is JUST as subjective. EXCEPT that Ti is subjective logic - in that sense, being objective is still a key, but you're still your own personal logic as to what confines how your identity is shaped as well as the world around you.

Whereas Fi is pure subjective emotion, being deemed more of a 'special snowflake' because they don't FEEL' part of a system. Does not simply mean an Fi cannot be reasonable. 18, INTJLol agreeably accurate.
Everything is fun.&gt; Fi, I literally am incapable of arguing properly.

lol Forreal, also experienced this.
I've noticed this type of critique coming from Ti's, and it would make sense, if the irony didn't lie in the fact that Ti is still subjective logic of how the world works and is deduced. Even though deduction is all about being objective.

There is also a divided mentality between Fi/Ti , as if one type has the complete inability to tap in to other type's cognitive function, but I would argue this untrue, as I think it goes both ways. 


But I do sense that your post is fueled by the fact that people have dismissed you in arguments, insulting your Fi. Could not one say this post of ad-hominem was created as a 'platform' to just chat shit about types, help fuel out the Fi?soooooooo................do i dance now?TraurigWas expecting commentators to point out something different about any other type than their own. Alas, I was disappointed.**Fi - Doing the right thing when no one is looking.**

- Eyes squint
- Goes to see who created the post.
- Ah INTP talking about Fi, makes sense.&gt; What the fuck are you talking about?

My thoughts exactly, you know when it's obvious it's an Fi post?
This is an obvious Ti postVery close, it's a ''You almost know what you're talking about''Now you're just making us look dumb 

EDIT; haha deletedYou got this!

Just a couple more comments to patch up and you're almost there!If this was deadpan humor, you really nailed itWhite Syrian ENFP.

Bet you weren't expecting any of the comments you were sorta expecting.How interesting, because being delved into the middle eastern culture.

It is quite rare to find Ns, the ratio of meeting S's compared to N's are completely different. Which is why we're best suited for the Introverted Extroverted section?GMOD humor. 
ISTP?&gt;What is your MBTI type?

ENFP

&gt;What is your instinctual subtype?

7w6 sx/sp

&gt;What do you know about your "lower two" functions? (Look on the sidebar if you don't know what these are. For example, "INTP Ti Ne Si Fe). How do you relate to them? What is your experience with them? How has your relation to them changed over time?

Te makes me a 'direct' person (i.e. I don't like to be indirect or coy) but Fi prevents me from being blunt. I like it when people are straightforward with me. Personal achievements/goals matter more to me than I'd like to admit, and I'm impatient when people who things the harder way. I get very critical when I'm stressed. Si comes out in the form of liking my creature comforts, getting into routines, liking to relax, etc. I get nostalgic easily and I like to hoard things. When I'm stressed out, it becomes a fixation for me to run bad experiences in my head over and over again.Love INTPs. Get along with them super well. They have a way of explaining things in a way that clicks for me. Never met one I haven't liked or gotten along well with. But I find myself disconnected from them when we get close. 

On the other hand, I also love ISFPs but my history with them has been very hit or miss. We're often drawn to each other and feel similarly, but we butt heads often. I admire their soft and gentle soul personalities, but their avoidant approach to conflict and difficulty communicating their needs and feelings causes a lot of problems between us. It starts strong and burns bad in my experience.

EDIT: Typoed INTP for INTJ. Not my morning.My experiences with NTJ (especially INTJs, love y'all) is that we think and feel very similarly, but we live and express ourselves very differently. My INTJ best friend is like my platonic soul mate to this day and we've been tight for about 6/7 years now. She has a way of expressing things that I'm thinking about in a very concise and philosophical way I could never do. But I also drag her out of her shell and throw topics at her that she loves to dive into. We play off each other super well.Honestly, I don't see it. The Fi dom and aux types I've known have tended to be very selfish people. But I'd also say they're some of the kindest I've known too.

I don't think FP types are very good at the whole giving more than you take thing. But we do tend to have earnest, honest, and understanding personalities and tend not to judge others for most things. 

What we tend to lose in relationship giving by getting a bit too into ourselves, we often give back mentally/emotionally by always leaving some grey area to understand why people are the way they are. We're pretty forgiving unless we get set into our Fi-Si 'you hurt me and I'll never forget that' mode.There's two ways you can do this. 

You can do opposite letters (ENFP and ISTJ) for example. Those are the more traditional opposites, but they often have similar ways of looking at life because they share the same functions in reverse order (Ne-Fi-Te-Si vs. Si-Te-Fi-Ne).

You can also do reverse functions in reverse order. The easiest way to do this would be to flip the middle two letters (ENFP and ESTP). They share no functions in common and they value it in an opposite order (intuition and feeling vs. sensation and thinking). However, they often do tend to live similar lifestyles and get along well on a superficial level.
I'm pretty sure I'm either ESFP or ENFP, but I feel I fit Ne more than Se but yeah xD I'm not sure, I suppose I'll look at it more

thanks for the reply anyway! Hi Reddit! I would like to know what my MBTI type is. I've been looking at the functions for a while now, and I'm still not sure what I am, so I'd like to hear Reddit's opinion.

1.Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex, age, and current state of mind.
There's nothing really that would affect my answers, and I'm female, and I'd say I'm younger than most people on here. 

2.Click on this link: Flickr: Explore! Look at the random photo for about 30 seconds. Copy and paste it here, and write about your impression of it. 
https://www.flickr.com/photos/ironrodart/29596314781/in/explore-2016-09-14/ 
I loved many photos I came across, but this one stood out to me, because I love stars and space, and the way all the colours come together to make one beautiful sky. 
The forest and lake also add to it, I love how the sky slightly reflects on the lake. I've always loved space and stars, we don't know what's out there, it's ripe for exploration, and there's so many things that could be out there.
Also, I love this photo so much - https://www.flickr.com/photos/goldengirl2011/29041522523/in/explore-2016-09-14/
It's so simplistic yet so mesmerizing, how the orange-yellow cloud contrasts the black mountains and clouds. Also, orange-yellow are my favourite colours, so that contributes why I like it too? 


3.You are with a group of people in a car, heading to a different town to see your favourite band/artist/musician. Suddenly, the car breaks down for an unknown reason in the middle of nowhere. What are your initial thoughts? What are your outward reactions?
I'd stay positive, and I'd help my friends fix it, even if there's little to no hope of us getting to the concert. Inside, I'd be angry, and I would express that, but as I said, I would stay positive. I'd see if the car is going to burst in flames. That would be amazing, but well.. I'd get everybody away xD


4.You somehow make it to the concert. The driver wants to go to the afterparty that was announced (and assure you they won't drink so they can drive back later). How do you feel about this party? What do you do?
I know for sure I'm extraverted, so I don't mind at all! It'll be fun. But, if they drink, I will give them a piece of my mind. I'd drive home myself if I need to :P If the other people with us aren't too enthusiastic about it, I'd try my best to convince them that it's gonna be really good fun. 


5.On the drive back, your friends are talking. A friend makes a claim that clashes with your current beliefs. What is your inward reaction? What do you outwardly say?
Yeah, I'd fight it. I'm fiery, says my best friend, and I can have sudden outbursts of anger at any time, at any comment somebody makes. However, if it's not a big deal, I'd let it pass, I'd try to get out of the conflict. I respect everybody's opinion, but I will get mine across. 


6.What would you do if you actually saw/experienced something that clashes with your previous beliefs, experiences, and habits?
Is it bad that I don't completely understand these questions? Well, I wouldn't confront them about it unless it's a big deal (if it was I would), but normally I'd just mention it to whoever's with me, and discuss it for a bit. I'm sorry if I didn't answer that properly xD 

7 What are some of your most important values? How did you come about determining them? How can they change?
Creativity, enthusiasm, curiosity, adventurousness, fearlessness, optimism. I've never been a planner, I prefer to improvise in everything. My friends tell me I'm very very enthusiastic even about small things. 
I've always liked motivating others to do what they believe in, and I love my adventurousness. I'll explore anywhere, because something new is on the other side and I want to see that! I love to imagine what's out there, too, but I'd love to see everything. 

8 a) What about your personality most distinguishes you from everyone else?
As I said above, my enthusiasm, independence, curiosity and adventurousness. I'm also very spontaneous, you will never know what's next with me.

b) If you could change one thing about you personality, what would it be? Why?
I can have massive explosions of anger, happiness etc. (mostly anger), and I can't control it much. Why? Because it can hurt people, and I don't really like that. Otherwise, I'm pretty happy with my personality.

9 How do you treat hunches or gut feelings? In what situations are they most often triggered?
I do often go by my gut feeling, but not 100% of the time. It's not always always right, but it's nowhere near always wrong. I do make decisions fairly quickly. 

10 a) What activities energize you most?
Anything exciting, or that involves lots of people. Art, writing, and other things like that are other things I love. I also do a load of reading, and photography, and I like to do all of the things I've mentioned with my friends, but I can do them on my own, too. 

b) What activities drain you most? Why?
Anything that involves planning, or organising, or anything that involves sitting at a desk for hours on end, doing things that involve figures and don't allow you to interact with others. Also, anything that makes me hide my emotions. 

I'd like to add a couple things - I personally think I'm an ENFP or ESFP. I'm not Judging, and I'm pretty sure I'm not Thinking. I've got both of them multiple times on tests, I haven't really got any other answers. 
Anyway, thanks for reading, and thank you to anyone who comments!
Any type Not all of us believe in socionics thoughHahaha. On second thought ESTJs, in my experience, nudge them out as the worst by just a hair... [the lead in uptown girls for ENFP/ESFP.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lu9yr0xefYQ)Omg lol I posted the same thing! I identify way too much with her I'm an ENFP and put in my bio and got INFP. not bad! [removed]
I definitely have this problem sometimes, but it's totally unconscious. I just mirror people I speak with naturally, I think it's something I picked up as a kid because I moved to a new country and had to work hard to learn a new language and mask my accent. 

Definitely super awkward sometimes, when I used to serve at a touristy restaurant I would totally accidentally mimic my tables. 
heyo! i'm a sociology major! and i STILL don't really know what it's all about. but i totally don't think they conflict. 

when i started taking it, i was really bothered by the notion that i was in any way shaped by my gender or society or etc etc. is that what you mean by contradict? but i think there's enough room within a culture for individual personalities to respond differently to it. your profile where? your reddit profile?well, but "affected" doesn't have to mean "mindlessly become brainwashed by". let's say, if you grow up in a culture with strict gender norms, you might become frustrated by those gender norms. so you spend your childhood feeling alienated by other people who don't seem to mind. if you later see people fight against that, you realize it's possible to do so, maybe you take up the cause and dress in drag to say "fuck you". meanwhile, person B might be totally happy with gender norms, or they might care a lot about social approval--in any case, person B doesn't fight them. person C totally ignores gender norms, acts weird as hell, is super individualistic, shits on street corners and throws it at passing cars. he has a hard time getting a job. gender norms are AFFECTING all three of you. in different ways, sure, but the point is these norms EXIST. why do they exist? where did they come from? how have they changed? sociology studies things like this. so tldr, it isn't saying all people are the same (though it might seem like it at first), it's saying society exists, it's a thing. Fi is sometimes explained as self-awareness, but i don't think Fi is better at understanding itself. if anything, i feel like Fe types often have a less biased view of who they are. my current understanding is that Fi sees emotions as expressions of identity. it has a need to make sense of its own emotions in some way. that doesn't mean it's good at doing this. it might jump to conclusions about what's going on or overly narrativizes its own life--"i felt this way, am i this kind of person? no, i can't be--let's look for proof that i'm not." it might hop from subculture to subculture looking for something that feels true to itself. Fi knows what feels right and authentic and is driven to pursue this, but it's not always great at knowing what it's doing, especially at a young age. 

with Ne in NFPs this might be worse (but then i've seen SFPs do the same) because i think there's a tendency to project a lot of worth onto things--subcultures, narratives, theories--and take them on as the one answer to the puzzle. "am i this way? i can see ten ways i am and ten ways i'm not. but i'd rather that i am."

i also think maybe neuroticism tends to make people suck at self-awareness, because they try to bury things in elaborate explanations that can protect their self-identity. and young adults are pretty neurotic. i'm pretty neurotic.

i don't know how accurate any of this is. it might be BS. 
sorry if this is stuff you already know in any way...

from what i understand, Fe sees emotions as these things that are only given context by society. by being observant, you start to understand that X leads to sadness in most people, Y to happiness, that sadness leads to bitterness, but by doing Z you can turn it into strength. sadness is defined as this concrete thing with qualities generalized to "people", as in: “PEOPLE” feel sad when this happens. you might want to create an environment where sadness itself will not exist, and you become skilled at doing the right things to cause “people” to not be sad. 

to understand Fi, you would have to feel emotions not in terms of social meaning but in terms of how they feel to YOU. so the gravity of a person’s death doesn’t make your sadness more meaningful in any sense unless you actually FEEL sadder. the only thing that matters is how this sadness feels NOW, at a gut level, how it compares to your other feelings of sadness, how it influences your feelings of happiness, how it stands in relation to all our other feelings. Fe creates a map of people; Fi creates a map of you as an individual.&gt; and maybe truly believing?

well, i feel like denying something that intensely only happens when they suspect it might be true. tbh i actually see this a lot with Te-dominants. ugh i haven't showered in days, my ribs hurt, i bet it's my posture, i bet i've permanently fucked up my bone structure, this ramen is too fucking soft, i hate it i hate it all, my outfits all suck but i hate going shopping, how the fuck do i write this essay?, this first sentence just sounds wrong no matter how i phrase it, and all day i've been flashing back to seventh grade, how i wrote that letter to my english teacher about being depressed, i had forgotten about that until now, and i want to throw up but i don't know why, everything feels strange and threatening and connected like it's written in some alien language, i want to leave for somewhere safe and perfect, i want to be a kid again, my body feels gross, my entire life is a failurei definitely think you're Te/Fi, but i'd go with some TJ type for sure. i feel like... and disclaimer, this is a bad way to type people... the tone of voice you take in writing this sounds almost exactly like my INTJ friend (hella marxist, hella anti-corporations, and hella into aesthetics and big books). there's a very blunt, aggressive, "this is how it is" that i feel is typical of tertiary or inferior Fi, atypical of dom or aux Fi (both more airy and operating in the realm of vaguely sketching at things). the value system doesn't come across to me as digging up logical proofs for morality or anything, more like implying a morality is right because of all the real-world evidence. Fi/Ne comes across ime as more fragmented and personalized. so i think INTJ might be my initial guess? sorry if I'VE hardly expressed anything.

also, question: after finishing books or movies or other media, are you inclined to piece together your thoughts into an undifferentiated mass and then possibly spew them at people? i feel like it's a sign of Ni since both my INFJ friend and my INTJ friend do this, and it's great fun to me.it is, but it comes off as TJ Fi and not FP Fi? if that makes sense. but on rereading this and imagining it as an INFP i think maybe you're right... it's just the tone still doesn't COME OFF as Fi-dom. super methodical. going off of tone is an admittedly unreliable way of typing.

also whoops, i meant to reply to OP.a lot of people mention being intimidated by an ENTP friend. i think ENTPs have a kind of confidence in their own Ne bullshitting as insightful and expect you to match that with your own insights. i can do that pretty easily, i usually pass their test.

i think ESFPs CAN intimidate me sometimes because of how super socially aware they are... i feel like i'm not able to stay on their level when we talk. and i think the opposite can be true, i've had SFP friends tell me they found me intimidating at first. i can be standoffish and cold and talk about weird niche ideas and they don't know how to respond. 

but i've also had a ton of really good ESFP friends--i think shared Fi is a huge thing, ExFPs are all pretty sentimental and about expressing ourselves and being reckless and fun. one ESFP friend talks to me about her dreams and new age shit and crushes, another one is a drug buddy and we take turns tripsitting each other. 
i think i'm less convinced of my INTJ typing now. but i also think Fi in TJs is way more prominent than people give it credit for--the Te operates more as a springboard to actualize the Ni-Fi/Si-Fi vision for the world. two NTJ close friends i have are both very prone to long moralistic rants. INTJ friend has a very silly, playful, self-deprecating tone that sometimes comes out in his writing. but the degree of it in this might be too much for INTJ? don't listen to me, i can't type people.

edit: yeah, but seriously, i might agree with INFP.i'm fairly certain he is. idk if i'd be able to present a convincing portrait via internet words.heya. so i'm 99% sure you're an ESxP. dunno about T or F but leaning toward T. i feel like ENFPs and ENTPs are rarely impulsive in the way you describe yourself, rarely "daredevils" or "crazy". and i doubt they'd describe themselves as any kind of realistic. you seem pretty attentive to your environment, which they're not. are you familiar with Se? i think you'd relate.i feel like abstract thought and creativity don't mean that you're an N type. it's more the amount of weight you put on them to become your reality. example: an Ne type would, say, read about apophatic theology on wikipedia or watch some art movie and mull that over for days and tie that theory to a ton of unrelated things, and it would become THE coolest thing. an Se type is much more concerned with tangible things usually, what's cool is what's right there right now or what's going to happen, hence their wanting to actually get out there and try it all. 

like, "research isn't really my thing" seems pretty Se. Ne types tend to research the shit out of everything for fun.

btw, i think STPs can be more than capable writers. i'm pretty sure hunter s thompson was an STP, for example, as was hemingway and chuck palahniuk. fitzgerald and kerouac were probably SFPs. as a rule, i think anytime someone tells you you should be one job and not another because of your type, stick them with a sharp object. go be a writer. 
welcome! i'll mention that ESFPs i know are usually hella into self-development and spirituality and are up for discussing stuff like that with me. i think it's a very Fi thing, where they're fascinated by things that reflect their inner world and values. i don't really know... i feel like there's not enough to go off of...i think tertiary Si CAN be really escapist and nostalgic but usually in a much healthier way. it acknowledges that it wants comfort and security, it builds up cozy little habits and personal items of value, and it doesn't tend to starve itself and wreck its body nearly as much. when the shit hits the fan tertiary Si can retreat into its little burrow and wait for the shit to pass. Ne-doms have nowhere to retreat. ^^^ jung himself was heavily heavily involved in the esotericism, german romanticism, and pagan revival stuff that was popular in his day. he wrote books on alchemy, gnosticism, astrology, all the standard western esotericism stuff.

fun fact: as a kid he would dream about jesus as a giant penis god chasing him through underground passages whenever people talked too much about Jesus.

idk what to add, but i feel like this is really really spot-on. i know a lot of depressed Ti types, inferior Fe is a pain.

idk if you'd be interested, but have you read oyasumi punpun? it's really really good and stars a depressed Ti type. maybe this makes me some kind of monster, but i feel like babies haven't experienced enough of the world to have a concrete sense of self and identity, and somehow that makes it less cruel to hurt them than to hurt someone older, even if some gut instinct makes it feel worse. i think my rationale is that complex life experiences plus intelligence lead to all sorts of new emotions arising. a 20 year old faced with death might think about what he's afraid of losing, or maybe he'd gain a newfound understanding of the cruelty of humanity, or maybe he'd try to find some way to justify his having existed, etc. even something as dumb as a cow might feel a sense of betrayal. but to a baby born just seconds ago, pain is just a sensation. Ne does something similar. i'll pause videos/games/whatever often if i feel there's an insight on the tip of my mind's tongue. and sometimes i'll feel something i'm used to and then immediately go "what if i'm too used to feeling this way and this blinds me to the actual implications of this feeling? what am i not seeing?" this line of thinking often ends up with insights like what you're describingfuck, is this just a normal mbti test??? i gave them my email!i feel like this is probably pretentious and not very correct... i'm not good at putting together coherent thoughts. but i've thought about this a lot. i think you're on to something. 

there's a william gibson quote: “Fully imagined cultural futures were the luxury of another day, one in which 'now' was of some greater duration. For us, of course, things can change so abruptly, so violently, so profoundly, that futures like our grandparents' have insufficient 'now' to stand on." it's this idea that in late modernity the rapid development bound to a capitalist market logic means that the world is in constant flux, in constant dialogue with our momentary desires, shaping them and being shaped by them. we're constantly inundated with new information. how good we are at surviving in this world hinges on how well we're able to tear down our old models and build new ones, how adaptable we are to new sensory environments. it seems very Se and Ne. there's this idea of "progress" that's championed in a lot of our movies, where the villains represent traditionalism and inability to adapt (often Si types).

i think Fi is a complement to this, a result of our dynamic external reality forcing us to rely on internal standards and develop a sense of self to withstand these changes. sociologist emile durkheim theorized that in the modern era the shared human experiences of the past (Si?) that we used to build shared values on no long exist, and that the only thing holding communities together now is the concept of the individual. in fact, i read a paper about how this idea of searching for and expressing the authentic self (Fi) fits in perfectly with the logic of capitalism. it leaves us perpetually dissatisfied and seeking things that promise to give us personal satisfaction. 

i like religion. while these days i'm somewhere between atheist and reading-tarot-cards-makes-me-popular-at-parties, i'm still fascinated by the idea of religion as a symbol for people's attempts to understand the infinite. i love reading about different religions and their theologies--aghori siddhis who eat out of skull bowls, cainites who sin to get closer to god, orthodox christians who believe hell is in the presence of god. even if it's not real, when you get a glimpse of what it's like if it IS real, you go "whoa!"... like meeting that Ni-dom friend with a weird but elaborate worldview, being drawn in, talking for hours, only with religion it's an entire culture with art and rituals and thousands of years' worth of philosophy. sometimes it's dumb, and there's a whole lot of terrible stuff done under its name, but i feel like when you step back you get the sense that it's this great sea of arms collectively reaching out to heaven. no matter how they fuck up, they're human for trying. 

i think the practice of religion has also been helpful to me, even if i don't believe it on a rational level anymore. it's a set of actions that i use to produce certain feelings. like, i grew up a christian, then went militant atheist, then toned down a bit, but there's a core to the christian worldview that's never left me. i have this feeling of something divine and holy watching over my life and suffusing things with love, i have a real sense that everything works out in the end. i still pray, because it seems like a beautiful thing to do, because god "feels" real and i feel heard when i do it. "god is a place where some holy spectacle lies"

in another sense i think i approach religious belief as a language i can use to sacralize concepts. religion makes things holy, religion creates worlds where these holy-fied things become the central pivot for their reality, right? i want to play with this language, write stories with it, plagiarize liberally, use these stories to change my world over and over again in interesting and beautiful and scary and fun ways. i think this is pretty Ne Fi. i aspire to build my own mythology and practice it someday... altars, statues, possession by chaotic pop culture deities, strange methods of divination... all bullshit, all glorious and holy, terrifying to anyone over 50. 

(is it breaking reddiquette to respond to your own posts? idk these things...)i agree with what you said about religion and being a good person, and i do think that's often what religion becomes for people. but i don't think it's ALWAYS the case. a lot of times religion is also partly a language for describing inner subjective states, where the object of worship is sort of a culmination of everything good and holy. 

so a buddhist doesn't see Nirvana as a REWARD for being good, for example. nirvana is a state that comes about when you ARE good--it's a state of perfect goodness. the bodhisattva guanyin descended into hell and transformed it into heaven because of her love. 

or a monotheist might not do good things JUST to get to heaven, but also to get close to God, because God is the very manifestation of goodness. the belief in heaven and hell is almost like a byproduct of this belief in goodness--a vision of a perfect world where good doesn't go unnoticed. 

there's a line in the bhagavad gita that i think illustrates this--krishna tells arjuna that enlightenment is to "see the deathless in the hearts of those who die". it's seeing the sacred in humanity. i don't think religion is necessary for doing any of this. it might ultimately be something detrimental and needlessly obfuscating. but i think it comes out of a human urge to personify these cosmic forces and interact with and worship them through ritual. darn it... i'm bad at being concise or on-topic. i spent like three hours cutting my initial post down from like a page and worrying about being annoying. i must try harder in the future. 

fwiw i'm a pretty strict atheist. i think the way i see it is it's made up stories based on very real feelings, like a kid who sings to herself about those genies and happy dreams after a bad day at school. it's not reliable or influential, but it's heartwarming.oh hey, i had an angry atheist phase also! and then the subsequent phase where i realized it's an amorphous thing that shifts to accommodate culture and people. similar realization about fun[DIE]saha thank you!what would "getting it right" entail, then? thanks for writing this! i really liked it and highly agree with what you're saying! i'm actually a (not yet) a sociology major and i'm reading from durkheim's the elementary forms of religious life right now so i feel like i've read a little bit about what you're saying! 

&gt;I don't think anyone would actually say that religion still holds practical value in maintaining societal structure and order today

probably i'm being pedantic, but i feel like it has remained a pretty significant force in small communities everywhere--stuff like liberation theology in south america, liberal muslim thinkers in the middle east, black churches across the US. it can be a shitty thing too--hindutva in india, islamism. maybe what differs is what religion means now--it can be an individual choice, a marker of identity, something that enchants the world and opposes modernity and reason, etc whereas in traditional societies none of these were inherent to the meaning of religion. its utility has changed rather than disappeared? maybe. idk.

and this is prob stretching the definition of religion, but i feel like a big part of religion is its mythological narrative that mobilizes people to action, and in that sense i think a lot of secular movements essentially function very similarly to religion--only they tend to justify themselves through the language of science and causality. plus, notions of how reality/divinity/self/etc works that have been inherited from religion still last and carry over into secular beliefs. atheism as a rejection of a transcendent supernatural reality only works if the supernatural is seen as a transcendent reality. 

i 1000% agree with what you're saying about the study vs practice of religion. one thing that i find infuriating about writing this paper on the new age movement is that most scholars seem to be just rehashing historical facts and using them to weave abstract theory so far removed from the actual viewpoints of the people who practice it. so much of sociology/anthropology seems to be throwing these theoretical blankets over people's lives and stories and going "see? it fits! i'm right!" it's possibly worse than non social science majors talking about culture because there's the added assumption that academia gives you this enlightened objective viewpoint on cultures.are you an ENTP, then? i think that paganism's view of no boundary between natural and supernatural is pretty similar to a lot of animistic religions. i love learning about chinese folk religion here in taiwan. it's so practical. if it works, you do it. if it's strange, you worship/exorcise it. gangs here have their patron deities, mcdonalds across the street offers food to hungry ghosts.

i'm not actually very good at reading tarot, in the sense that i tend not to be able to use symbols to inspire interesting thoughts about the nature of situations. my brain is primed to question established meanings, not add to their framework. i wonder if that's Ni territory--many occultists seem to be NTJs, jung was an INFJ, and Ni Fi does seem to match the occult worldview. however, carrying the cards around makes me pretty badass, and i love their symbolism. i did find a book i really liked on tarot--72 degrees of wisdom--and i've read 25% of it.back corner, of course, because i gotta scope out all the coolest people in the class. and maybe a little bit to the inside because i don't want people to look at me weird... hmmm. wait. actually, that guy over there looks pretty cool. i can tell he's cool because of his obscure harsh noise tee. if i sit a seat behind him i could be ALWAYS WATCHING HIM. i will silently cheer on his every act from a distance. nah, i'm being creepy. i'll go with corner seat... darn, did it get taken already??? shit, i can't do this. i CANNOT. DO THIS. they're expecting me to pick a seat, right here, right now. this could factor into so many things! it could end up changing the course of who i befriend here, what embarrassing situations i get myself into, how much i'm able to get away with sleeping in class--unreasonable! dear universe, many-armed and glorious, i call upon you to absolve me of responsibility! ah, is... is that guy looking at me? the harsh noise guy. ah. he thinks i'm weird. i fucking blew it. i'm starting to blush, i can feel it. i'll leave the room for a bit... cigarette break...related: do any of you inferior Se people feel a special connection to late night, like a special mood comes on and fills you with strangeness and beauty and your thoughts and emotions come out in full force? i've wondered if it's an INFJ thing because of a sample size consisting of my INFJ friend and Borges. or does inferior Se attach itself to very particular things that differ for everyone?i feel like an overabundance of Ne can also result in a LACK of action. like, there are too many options, choosing one means not choosing the others, it's better if i let something happen so i won't feel bad about my choice. it's the opposite of Se-recklessness. my solution these days is to flip a coin and let the universe decide my fate.aha, yep, i like that sub. i don't believe in occultism as literally as everyone else there seems to, though. really? i feel like Fe types can be really good at seeing through bullshit--IxFJs especially. http://lightgreyartlab.com/great-personality-exhibition-game/ 

yo have you guys seen this?YES. it's exactly a nausea. it overwhelms me suddenly at times and feels "sickly sweet" and my chest hurts. i hate it. it feels like my life has been a long journey from somewhere warm and safe, and i’m just then remembering what home feels like. it sucks. i somehow feel like a lot of FPs have rubbed you the wrong way... yeah for sure... i feel like Fi types have a lot of potential to get caught up in their own world to a degree that they totally can't see how they're hurting others.well, i feel like arbitrarily trying to "balance" the goodness of the different types when that's not what you observe doesn't seem very Ti.hint:✈️ 🏢 🏢make: i watch cool people intensely for long periods of time then inject myself awkwardly into their conversations about cool subjects or compliment their cool t-shirt when i cannot contain myself any longer. i also get very drunk/high and start complimenting strangers on facebook. otherwise i'm very shy and mostly wait for people to talk to me first.

maintain: if we happen to run into each other a lot, or if there's a common interest in a subject, it just sort of maintains itself. otherwise it tends to not last. if i sense clinginess i get freaked out and try to cut myself loose. i'm bad at intimacy. i hate hurting people unintentionally or getting hurt by them unintentionally. i hate getting caught up in their problems. i'm so insecure that i end up resenting them if i identify with them too much. so i sabotage things before this happens.

i think i genuinely like people, but it's a form of like that doesn't require my presence. i can imagine them living their lives somewhere far away and i'm filled with admiration for them. they're inherently great, even if i'm gone, even if i hate them, even if they're insecure and i'm insecure and we hurt each other. somehow injecting myself into their life seems like spoiling this.EJs know when to shut up, though... usually. they're like high-powered jackhammers you point at a problem and they talk their way through it with eloquence and bullheadedness. EPs are like those buzzers at restaurants and you never know when they'll go off. you're about to go to the bathroom when BZZZZZZZZZZZ and you're like "why the fuck now?" but you know you're getting delicious food so it's okay.question: what was the coolest thing about europe?yeah, same. people arrive at different opinions for different reasons and you can't just claim to know someone's character based on their conclusions on one issue. it's infuriating. maybe NPs are especially aware of how easily little things can change entire worldviews.i'm pretty skeptical of this idea that because you are this type, this function is why you believe this thing. beliefs are especially arbitrary--type can believe any number of things given the right circumstance. an ESTJ new age tarot reader and an INFJ evangelical christian would both likely agree with this statement for totally different reasons.

still, i think Fi types CAN have a sense that because they are who they are, they'll end up finding themselves in certain kinds of situations. when i feel that "everything happens for a reason", that usually means i feel that some essential quality about who i am will work to process everything i've experienced into a coherent story that plays out in a way that betters me... though i've recently become less certain of this belief or whether it's healthy. 

^ STP stereotypeINTJ: probably thinks stereotype of INTJs as arrogant and condescending is much more badass than it actually is"i love indie rock"

"i dislike myself"

???? what are questions like these measuring? is there another dimension they're testing for that affects your result or are they just shitty questions?

Te (Extroverted Thinking) (50%) 

Ti (Introverted Thinking) (50%) 

Ne (Extroverted Intuition) (90%) 

Ni (Introverted Intuition) (35%) 

Se (Extroverted Sensing) (40%) 

Si (Introverted Sensing) (55%) 

Fe (Extroverted Feeling) (65%) 

Fi (Introverted Feeling) (85%)

ENFP
oh yeah, i do this. 99% of my thoughts are these "speeches" i write about whatever it is i'm obsessing about... i obsessively list out items, rephrase, reword... then get distracted, restart. i always thought this was related to ADHD or OCPD. i feel guilty about it, like it's an unhealthy habit where instead of engaging with the world in its raw form i turn it into this thing to be studied and quantified and put into boxes. when i started photographing things, i would constantly wonder if i was missing out on a good photograph, and my experience of the world was as a series of potential photographs. right now it feels like my life is often a series of potential essays, conversations, explanations, blog posts.

on the other hand, i think this constant monologuing is what makes us more articulate or better at writing than your average person.

one thing i do, though, is i have a notepad app always open... i started a few years ago, and now i have hundreds of pages of copied quotes and interesting links and endless monologues about my feelings and thoughts. i reread these about once a year, and it's always surprising how insightful some of my observations were that i managed to forget.ohhhhhhh that's actually pretty interesting! but i dunno, i feel like that's really behaviorist and could potentially alienate a lot of people from their type descriptions.&gt;Yeah I thought, so but I also thought "hey maybe there's a correlation with MBTI in here, let's see where this goes" haha.

me @ literally anything ever&gt;What do I need to tell you guys?

YOU tell us an overly vague portrait of your life. WE attempt to dissect every minor detail, down to sentence structure and word choice, arguing amongst ourselves about whether your use of "my" in this one sentence about "my teddy bear" was indicative of Fe or Fi (obviously Fi). we decide that you must be ISTJ. you voice disagreement. we insist you're only in denial about being an ISTJ because S types get a bad rep. we attempt to paint S types in the most flattering light possible. actually, everyone's an S type. see that guy? he's an S type. he THOUGHT he was an N type but actually he's an S type. he's so happy now that he's found his true type. you disagree, you still think you're an N. you accidentally use the word "shallow" to describe S types. someone throws a punch. a day later, word of the fight spreads around the MBTI community. you are not welcome here anymore.that's interesting! 2 ENTJs i know also have different "personas" in their head that talk to each other. they both name these personas and "become" them. it's so weird to me... i'm really interested. what are your 8 parts? 

i don't think i ever do this because the notion that i'm something other than this one single unified me bothers me. i have an imaginary friend that i talk to who mostly has my personality, but she's not "me". and i sometimes write to my future self, who is like a better, more perfect version of me, but also not "me". &gt; Oh and one more thing that I forgot to mention which probably counts as unusual, usually I pretend I'm talking to [current fictional character I'm obsessed with].

!!!!!!!!!!!!! that's actually awesome!!! what character is it??? i won't judge! fandom is the coolest! maybe i think i should do this... i often feel not imaginative enough in how i see the world. mannnnnn jung would have a field day with this... i'm so impressed.... my tulpa/imaginary friend is boring as hell and i don't feel like i'm very good at coming up with rich complex mythologies like this. "A superficial judgment might well be betrayed, by a rather cold and reserved demeanour, into denying all feeling to this type." - Jung on Fii hope this isn't read as offensive because i REALLY like ENTPs, but... some ESTPs and ENTPs i know can do this thing where they put other people down in a really socially smooth way that somehow flies with everyone and isn't seen as assholish, when what they're actually saying can be REALLY cutting. my ESTP aunt does this a lot, and it bothers the hell out of me. they also--basically every ExTP i've met--tend to have a very strong sense of "i can insult everything about you, and so long as i don't insult your personality, it's fair game". they'll insult your fashion sense, taste in art, odd behavioral habits... they'll generally be okay if you do the same to them. but at the same time they're actually much MORE keen to observe social norms and possibly LESS brash than ExFPs, especially when they're testing out the social landscape. they'll rarely say anything that causes everyone around them to wince. it's like their brashness is only a tool that comes out as a way to make people laugh once they're familiar enough with the environment. 

ENFPs and ESFPs are the type of people to elicit a "holy shit, did they just say that?" ENFPs might have a very silly, confrontational public persona where they almost try to parody their own oblivious tactlessness and play it up for laughs. they'll purposely say something totally out of line to an authority figure, which is something i see ENTPs do very rarely. but then, especially when they're one-on-one with other people, they have a strong sense of not shattering people's egos--maybe even more than IxFJs--and they'll go along with WHATEVER someone says to make them feel comfortable. even if someone has a really delusional belief or is in denial about a problem he totally caused, ExFPs tend to play along pretty convincingly. it's only when something REALLY doesn't fly with them morally that they'll say something like "but don't you think _____?" to test the waters. conversely, they're really (annoyingly) sensitive to personal attacks in a way ExTPs aren't--everything they present to the world is an extension of themselves, and they get defensive if they think someone is judging them for something, and then they'll follow this up by pretending they're not upset even though it's obvious they are.

tl;dr: ENFP = goofy, brash, thin-skinned; ENTP = composed, tactful, critical

TOO-MANY-WORDS EDIT: also gonna mention that ENTPs i know tend to be pretty (unexpectedly) socially responsible. they have these faint mom vibes (inner ESFJ) and will scold you gently if you're being too inconsiderate. they have ethical principles they abide by and defend in a very matter-of-fact way: "well, i don't do this because it hurts these people." and even though they're kind of mean and cutting, if emotions actually start to boil they tend to get a bit uncomfortable. in contrast, i think it's more common for (certain) ENFPS to escalate things and go directly to all-out personal attacks, and they can seem like ESTJs and become pretty cold and cruel when they're angry. overall, ENTPs are like mature warm parent-type people plus goofy elitist public personas. ENFPs are kind of the opposite, can seem well-spoken and brash and theatrical because of Te but are actually childlike and volatile and easily hurt on the inside.
i think all those fears are valid. it's not everything, but if you think it is, it will probably mess you up a lot. when i discovered it i was like 14 and i was sad and hated myself, and knowing a lot of my traits could be seen as strengths helped me not hate myself. but then i got into the bad habit of typing others and assuming that's why they were shitty people ("you'll never understand my complex feels, you're an EYE ESS TEE JAY" etc). it got to the point where i did kind of wonder if type was fucking me up more than helping me. 

i've gotten to a phase where i've met enough non-shitty and shitty people across all types that i feel like i can be more open to functions playing out in an infinitely varied number of ways. i've sort of told myself it's something i shouldn't assess until i REALLY REALLY know people, and their non-mbti personality comes first. but it's hard not to think of certain behaviors as being related to certain functions. 

but one really good thing that's come out of the mbti is i feel like i have a much fuller understanding of just how different people are, i can recognize underlying motivations better, and i'm more able to support them as they find their own paths to happiness, no matter how different. so it started out with me looking for validation but invalidating everyone else, ended with me trying to validate everyone. sex is scary and physical intimacy is uncomfortable and romance is messy. with the exception of a few hangouts this summer with USA friends, my parents are the only IRL humans i've engaged in social interaction with for the past two years. was lonely at first because i didn't have many online friends, but now i could go a few more years... and probably indefinitely. **happiness + knowledge** - the goal in life is to be happy in the deepest sense. or maybe happy isn’t the right word--even if you are unhappy, you probably hope to have some sense of satisfaction knowing that you are where you’re supposed to be. i believe that all other values should be seen as tools to get to this state. if something works, use it. if not, throw it away.

**honesty** - honesty to yourself is the most important tool, and the clarity of your self-knowledge depends on your degree of ruthless honesty. dishonesty is the First Sin, and everything in existence, even words and logic, can obscure the intensity of your feeling. tear down all barriers between yourself and the world to understand how you stand in relation to it.

**freedom + power** - power is anything that can help you pursue your goal, and freedom is the power to direct yourself. 

**compassion** - the need to love others is a basic urge within me. something inside me exists inside other people. i will only be happy knowing everyone else is happy. cultivating my ability to humanize people and feel their feelings is the most important task i can undertake in this lifetime.

**adventure + humor + creativity** - exuberant celebration is another basic urge. at the center of existence is something playful and destructive and alive. when i am happy i see it moving in the world and everything becomes holy. i want to see it in everything, i want to get dangerously close and let it consume me.

**justice** - justice comes from a place of wanting to end suffering and create a perfect world. but it can be dangerously misguided and often turns into a desire for vengeance that’s directed against actual people. i don’t trust myself to build a just world. can i propose skepticism as a value/tool?

**solitude** - it’s hard to understand how i feel when i’m around other people. a certain degree of alienation is necessary to see things clearly.

**faith** - a tool with a hell of a lot of utility, and sometimes the only one you will have left. fill your world with art and stories and lies and magic to stay sane, but maybe don’t drift too far from others.

**creativity + knowledge redux** - amazing tools that not everyone has. it can be easy to turn both into objective values and measures of self-worth. i try to fight against this by devaluing beauty in the world and valuing the ugly and unoriginal and unintelligent. wage war against everything holy.

**popularity** - probably the biggest source of insecurity in my life. something i’m trying to get over the need for. but it’s human to want to believe you are objectively likable, and we shouldn't look down on people for wanting it.

**wealth** - i don’t think about it much, but i probably should. i still live with my parents.did they have an emo/weeb phase? 

how excited do they get at thrift stores?

excited or appalled by the idea of making major decisions on a coin flip? 
11/10 we could explore abandoned buildings together but not middle school sketchbooksprobably not, but i like your tarot card! have you done other ones?me drunk at 3 AM cooking myself a midnight snackhey, you used "sheepish" and "ISTJ" in the same sentence, i'm calling the mbti police!i think the logic is that the inferior functions shouldn't even be thought of as separate functions, so much as part of a single axis connected to the dominant functions. ex: i don't use low Si IN ADDITION TO high Ne. low Si literally IS high Ne. Ne is the suppression of Si--there's no point at which Ne begins and Si ends. when i use Ne, i'm sifting through Si information and poking holes in it, distrusting it, flipping it on its head to see what results. have you seen Michael Pierce's videos on typology theory? once i get done with a few things i can maybe find the specific videos where he talks about it, but it's in here somewhere:

 https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6rzdODmcL67yYuPIQI1nY_ct1P2TDUyv

regarding why Ne/Si works that way and why Ne is incompatible with Se... i wrote this a few days ago to sort out my thoughts on the two function-axes. forgive me for being long and tedious, i'm not good at T shit:

&gt;Ne is distrustful of patterns, and sees patterns as a starting point, but generally believes that specifics defy patterns. the use of Ne often involves looking for these holes. Ne is a SUGGESTION of the specific, a glimpse of the specific that has yet to be realized. the goal of Ne is to move from broad patterns into the chaotic mess of details. once these details are mastered and understood, they’re examined for more patterns that may suggest unrealized specifics. because the goal of Ne is to find the UNseen, unlike Ni, Ne selectively ignores all patterns it already sees as self-evident in favor of the impractical and unlikely.

&gt;Ni Se works the opposite. for Ni users, the Se world is unpredictable and random. sensory experiences are perceived as unique, isolated events. the goal is to move from this specific information into an overarching structure that ENCOMPASSES all of the Se details. Se is something like experimentation—through directly interacting with the world, information is gathered about it, and Ni organizes it into a model. this model can be utilized as a ground from which Se can take further action. like with Ne, Se is looking for the unseen, so unlike Si, Se performs the act IN ORDER to understand it. 

&gt;in summary, Ni-Se focuses on action in the real world, aided by knowledge and mastery of the abstract principles behind it. Ne-Si focuses on knowledge and mastery of the real world, aided by freely acting on and playing with ideas.

the idea is sort of that the introverted and extraverted functions exist in a relationship where they feed each other data and depend on each other to interact with their own (inner or outer) realm. E functions work by drawing on their I database, and I functions work by drawing on their E database.the thing is, when jung talked about suppression, he didn't mean a LACK of a function. an infj suppressing Se doesn't LACK Se, she merely becomes unconscious of Se's influence in her life and distances the Se from her own identity--this is why suppressing a function is so dangerous. Ni's existence depends on Se; any use of Ni draws on Se data. don't think of it as a seesaw where one side is made strong by the other side being made weak. think of it as something where both sides are equally strong, but you're given a spotlight to shine on only one side.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unetLukpiV0 here's the one i'm referring to. less solid in its theorizing than i remembered. hopefully enlightening?Ne: how can i break the game?oh hey, i think he dun goofed in his diagram actually... 

well, i *think* what the "axis" theory is saying is that the function axes are essentially a bridge, a constant stream of information between the internal world and the external world. E information is fed into the psyche and processed; I information is fed outwards and acted on. so just like N can't exist without S, E also can't exist without I. another attempt to explain (if it's still needed???):

N applied to Si *becomes* Ne. when you draw from Si's collection of experience-based maps of reality to form your abstract theories, you end up with the isolated speculative realities of Ne. N applied to Se is Ni. when you draw from Se's isolated experiential data to form your theories, you end up with Ni's models connecting this data into a broader picture.here's one way i understand the difference between Fe and Fi: Fe sees emotions as inherent in the world. situations and places and people and things ARE beautiful. you can perceive beauty and hold on to it and share it with people and let them experience it. maybe there's an underlying assumption that people are cut enough from the same cloth that they're able to experience what you experienced if they have the right mindset. when Fe types act, they focus on "HOW can i invoke a feeling in a person or situation"? Fi doesn't see it like this. to Fi, feelings are individualized and a reflection of the feeler, connected to who the feeler is at the core and to every other feeling the feeler feels. unless this core essence of self is expressed, the feeling can never be expressed meaningfully.

i know INFJs and ISFJs who journal because it helps them sort out their feelings, and i know NFPs who do the same. when you read their journal, the way they APPROACH feelings is entirely different. Fe types talk about their entire world, the people in it, their feelings--sort of like a detached, big picture view of ALL the feelings being passed around at a given moment. this is the gravity of the situation, this is what matters, these feelings make them relevant. if they're expressing their feelings, they tend to feel much freer in doing so; what i understand is that they usually tend to understand the feeling better once they've put it into some universal language of feelings-expression and can see it out in front of them.

in contrast to Fe, when i journal, i (Fi type) am usually not trying to get an objective view of the situation and the feelings within it. i know WHAT i feel, even if i put the wrong words on it or explain its meaning incorrectly. instead, i'm trying to... capture some essence of the feeling? use it as a vehicle to create myself in the world? in a michael pierce interview with chad crandall, chad describes it as not an expression of the feeling but a "model", which i think is accurate. the right WORDS to describe the feeling don't matter at all, objective universal comprehensibility doesn't matter, what matters is targeting the feeling with pinpoint accuracy, successfully replicating it. when i've done this, i can look at my creation and go "THIS is me, this is who i am. a part of myself exists in objective form in the world now." 

i'm bad at concise. i'm bad at paragraphs. do i even try anymore? tldr, tho... i think any type can write or talk aloud. however, doing so to UNDERSTAND the feelings is usually much more of an Fe thing. INTJ ISTJ CAGE MATCH


TWO TYPE GO IN

ONE TYPE COME OUT


ISTJ 

 pro: 

* probably military training

* S means practical???

* bullied as kid but come out stronger

con:

* can only copy move

* easily confused

* morals lol

INTJ 

  pro:

* think 300 steps ahead

* WILL TO POWER

* death stare

con:

* angst

* no gf

* SE-GRIP

FIGHT!!!!&gt;does anyone else have thoughts or experiences on the correlation between mistyping and wanting the stereotypes of that mistype to be true?

cough cough 

r/entp r/infj r/ENFP r/intj 

&gt;but then you finally realize, you can be these things or whatever you are with whatever type you have.

own it!

*i* think you're cool and interesting, bae
on a more serious note, i wonder if Ni-doms don't get the appeal of Si in the same way Ne-doms do? i like ISTJs because they usually provide an endless array of concrete interests that i can branch off of with Ne. usually funny as hell and insightful with their observations. also cute. like all of them. every ISTJ. really comforting and grounding to be around, stop me from doing stupid immature shit, very hard to annoy. always interested in whatever you have to say. one of the few types i don't get that tired of being around--other types like ENTPs and INFJs are explosive and exciting for me to be around but i get REALLY drained really fast.yeah, i can see that. but then i tend to get along with Se types, and they should be equally foreign. maybe Se and Ne both have immediate appeal in making people charming and fun, but if you don't "get" Si or Ni they just come off as boring and tedious.yeah, i was going off what i understood of an INFJ friend. what about Te in ENFPs? ESFPs? i wonder if maybe a certain side of Te we most see in Te-doms--the structure and control--is totally overridden by Ne or Se, and instead it actually adds to our impulsiveness by leading us to jump into things with hasty planning. Ne: how much do you actually have to be EXPERIENCING something vs how much do you just enjoy running from thought to thought never actually getting anything done? i have a lot of ESFP friends and they seem to always be doing something--watching movies and shows, reading books, making art, going out. me and other ENPs are much more distractible. disclaimer, i do have ADHD, but i feel like ENPs here can back me up on this--we'll pause movies, books, anything we're doing, when we suddenly get curious about something--what's this culture they mention, what's this art style, this author, this plant? and we'll go off and explore that thing for a few hours, frantically jot down notes, bounce our findings off of people. we're naturally in a state of mind where we let ourselves be carried off by ideas maybe for even days at a time, in this manic state of "oh my god that is so cool". when i met an ENTP friend, we spent the first week or so showing each other songs, websites, books, then researching stuff for a comic we planned on drawing that never got past the research phase. most ESFPs i know would get bored by this level of pure theory without concrete experience/payoff. 

Se: how much do you notice ACTUAL details in your environment? ENFPs are notoriously out of touch with reality, terrible at maintaining their bodies, terrific and starving themselves and going without sleep for days and not really noticing that this is fucking them up. they have a very chaotic "scattered" vibe about them, they forget names and faces and places. when you talk to them they have a look like they're excited but confused. ESFPs--i know one ESFP with ADHD who is a huge exception to all of the following, but generally ESFPs are the opposite of this. they have a very sharp and perceptive presence to them, and when you talk to them their eyes seem to be scanning everything around them. when i go on trips with my ISFP friend he does this thing where he frequently loses what you're saying because something interesting caught his eye. "oh, there's a guy fishing under the bridge." they'll pick up on little details about people--what the other person wears and what this communicates about them, what their speaking style says about them--and they're good at employing these cues in their own self-presentation, for example knowing what vibe a certain outfit will give off. (correct me on any of this, because i don't think i'm 100% accurate on Se)superficial observation, but i notice this in their eyes too--Ni "stares down" the idea, literally has that signature staring-through-you thing going on with their eyes, like they're seeing past reality into the nature of the thing. with INFJs it's a soft kind of gaze, with INTJs it's this icy glare. Ne's eyes are literally "all over the place"--it's like they see the web in the air in front of them and as they talk their eyes dart wildly and excitedly and have this playful mischievous vibe. ahhhh darn, sorry. if it helps focus on everything else except what i wrote, lol. buuuuuut. hmmm. i might go out on a limb and say ESFP??? because your emphasis on experiencing things and your being observant--i don't think either of these things are usually emphasized by ENFPs as much. this could be wrong, but i find more ESFPs relating to Ne than vice versa. Ne can SEEM like Se because descriptions talk about creativity and exploration, but Se is more grounded in actually doing things. Ne types tend to know they suck at being present and are uncomfortable in new situations.

are you "scattered"? do you have a very out-of-it expression and completely fail to notice where you are? or are you very "present" and do your eyes scan your environment? i feel like that's one of the most noticeable differences for me... like, almost every ENP i know is hilariously airheaded and kind of uncoordinated.

also, what do you think is your inferior function? maybe look this up. if you're an ENFP, you might have a strong nostalgic streak and unconscious need for stability, and when you get stressed you might become paralyzed and think everything is going wrong with your body and your environment. if you're an ESFP, you might get "gut feelings" about what's really going on. when you're stressed, you might catastrophize and think your future is doomed, and see signs pointing to why (again, i don't understand Se/Ni, so correct me if i'm wrong).

((seriously if i'm messing everything up tell me to shut up))

ALSO EDIT: you're sure you're not another type like an Fe-dom or something? not that i'm doubting your type, just that those types often type as FPs. my ESFJ sister thought she was an ENFP for some time. 

see, this is Ne. spinning a few simple and easily-understood factors into a convoluted mess. also, talking about things like you know what you're talking about when you really don't.it's conceptually cool and has a self-consistent cosmology?it makes them cooler. like i said this is mostly a joke, but then i really am attracted to people who are outcasts in some way or can understand what it means to be one, and to people who have enough guts to live out their convictions in the face of what's considered healthy and attractive. that's what being a weeb and an emo kid meant for me as a teenager, and i'm pretty proud of it. with the type of people who are resistant to phases, who cringe at cheesy music or astrology or other things they think are "stupid", i'll always have this fear that eventually i'll have to censor SOME part of myself.i have a bs Ne theory that it's because Ne tends to go from most probable to least probable ideas in its natural course, but that Ne also tends to not have the ability to see what's "relevant" to a situation. there's this sort of bell curve where when you look intently at something, after a little bit you see the most probable solutions, then you see all the holes in the solution, then you see the holes in the holes and wonder about your ability to ever truly know anything, leaving you in a pool of self-doubt.[is this inferior Se](http://imgur.com/a/aanW1)i'm bad at knowing HOW i'm gesturing because i don't notice it. ESPs seem to do it gracefully and naturally. ENPs do it kinda spastically. lol i'm an Ne dom and Ne is still overwhelming and exhausting... *i'd* tune it out if i could

idk i feel like Ne types together can pretty circlejerky pretty fast. like, Ne comes up with clever ideas, Ne can appreciate clever ideas, and it becomes this exciting/overwhelming feedback loop of new ideas building up. but to a lot of non-Ne types, Ne is at best just fun and amusing, and at worst they don't GET anything at all from that energy. they're just like "wtf... that's... i don't know how to respond to that so i'll ignore it."i agree, but also i think when we say Fi is aware of its emotions, what we refer to isn't necessarily a conscious process. Fi types can often take ridiculous leaps of logic to rationalize their feelings if deep down they know that this feeling implies something about them that they don't want to admit. they can often project themselves onto characters they are nothing like, if that character becomes a symbol of someone they WANT to be. Fe types do this a lot less--for them, a feeling usually doesn't imply things in the same way, it is what it is. but Fi types usually have this "inner map" of how all their own feelings connect, a map that they don't always have conscious access to, but which they nevertheless instinctively act on.yeah, actually though. it has a really similar kind of energy. when i do click with an Se-dom both of us are content to just try everything and go everywhere and talk about whatever comes to mind for hours or days. EPs in general have this excitement level that i feel like no other types really match.&gt; Also I haven't eaten today

yeslike, what are we judging here? i hope i don't get too pretentious-sounding. i think if we're judging the goodness of the person, then definitely the thought is the ONLY thing that matters. if a person actually intends for the very best, we'd assume that she'll also do everything she can to create the best results. everything that leads to a bad result would be a consequence of something other than her intent. 

but then i can't say i value the presence of well-intentioned people on earth automatically on account of their good intentions. i'm sure there are terrorists and cult members who intend for the very best, who have purer intentions and try harder to achieve their vision of goodness than most of us ever will. and obviously they end up doing things that hurt themselves and others. so i've always felt that the world is a place that doesn't inherently reward pure intent, that between intent and consequences there are factors that are amoral, like critical thinking skills and accurate information.

probably the thought should count in determining how i feel towards people but the results should determine how i actually act. is that too heartless?ENFP and i think marriages are badass. i want to get a total stranger to marry me just so we can see how many people we can invite to our wedding and then after we're done we'll never see each other again but it'll be like "yeah see this ring? i'm married, how cool is that?"

my ring will be made of pure diamond carved into the letters FUCKTHISPATRIARCHALINSTITUTIONi have an obsessive need for closure for everything in my life, but i recognize this as a bad thing. maybe this is my Te. i want to resolve every emotion as soon as i feel it, i want every person's position in my life to be clearly defined, i want to know which choices are the objective "best" and "worst". i'm afraid of making mistakes. 

i have so far dealt with this by forgetting. my attention span is short enough that some new thing will catch my interest before long and i'll forget my need for closure, and then when a problem is in the past it's no longer relevant so long as i don't look back. familiar sensations and old places make me uncomfortable because many unresolved problems resurface and remind me of my incompetence. 

i'm trying to learn to be okay with imperfection and ambiguity.
&gt; Why would anyone want that as a defining trait?

there is an entire forum of non-INFJs who think they are INFJs who are bitter and hurt and filled to the brim with self-righteous anger at being other people's doormats and want to let the world know they are sick of having their kindness taken advantage of COUGH COUGH and the doorslam is a convenient way to express this.

on a side note, though, it's especially pronounced in INFJs, but i feel like it's a pretty Fe trait in general, and that forum is full of unhealthy FJs.ahaha yes! i'm glad you can relate! i think basically every NFP i know has at one time or another written a long letter where they're all "i'm sorry if this is annoying to you but this is really bothering me, here is what i feel right now 100%, tell me exactly how you feel, please let's talk this through". and it's usually really apologetically worded and everything is couched in understatement but there's really a million tons of Fi-TNT underneath it, like "this took me forever to get out right and you'd better respond". sudden Te overload--can't take it anymore, time to take action and lay everything out as it is. no offense but can we really trust an S type in a position of power???Most protagonists of shounen anime seem to be ESFPs who suck at everything initially but power through it by sheer force of willI think ENFPs tend to be a lot less hotheaded and a lot more airheaded than the typical shounen protag. ( i would probz have enjoyed the individual rant. it's an internet forum and easy to ignore if people dun wanna read so i feel like individual rants are *okhandsignemoji*. but not trying to pressure you. )ENTP friend jokes a lot about Ne being the ability to sound smart despite knowing zero about any topicum. th-thanks.i think there's definitely a characteristic immediacy to the emotions of Se types in that when they feel something, they're driven to want to take direct action to resolve it. in less mature and more insecure types this could mean picking a fight. i know very few ENFPs who have this quality. Ne is usually less impulsive and more reserved about its ability to do things in the moment.Id say creativity associated with thinking on your feet, which I see in shounen protags, is actually a very Se trait. And Se is possibly more hungry for experience than Ne. Plus I know very few Ne types who would have the patience to stay up for days practicing some technique so they can become strong. It requires too much engagement with the messy details.

Like if you compare Naruto to someone like Anne of Green Gables (ENFP): Anne lives in a world of symbols, says hello to the moon, names places, plays games of pretend, romanticizes *everything*. Naruto doesn't see the point in stuff like that, it's either there or it's not. He has tangible real things he wants at any moment--food, impressing a crush, getting strong, actually going out and seeing things. i have a hard time seeing naruto as an ENFJ.

if i see anne as INFP for the sake of this argument, those qualities are all still qualities i feel like are found within most ENFPs. 

and i'd agree with you that every ENFP ever seems to be interested in travel, but when it comes down to actual ability to adjust to new cultures and survive in them, Ne types can be pretty awful at that. 

i think what it comes down to is that there's a sense of immediacy to how Se types approach the world--in their quick reactions, hot tempers, impulsiveness to go out and DO, fearlessness in doing it--that Ne type don't have to nearly the same degree. and there's an abstract curiosity, a willingness to pore through books, coupled with a tendency to overthink every little thing and formulate rough theories about the world, that shounen protags don't seem to have.anthony fantano here and i'm feeling a strong ESFJ to light ISFJ. FeTi vibes over FiTe vibes, enough Ne to overthink and change your mind and get bored of tedium. a general has-their-shit-togetherness that would probably intimidate me, an NP, in person. "energized by productivity". "always wanted to go to Vienna because of the Billy Joel song". "friends would characterize me as artistic over anything else". "I derived a lot of my values from...". "try to journal every night and review it every once in awhile because I strive for self improvement". samefrom an insider's perspective, you don't deal with Fifrom an insider's perspective... uh...

*get curious, spend half an hour reading about unhealthy Fi and "why people hate NFPs" and wonder obsessively whether i have it*

*try to rationalize but wonder if defensive rationalizations are contributing to most of my problems in life, or, alternately, whether they're justified in some cases and i'm being too hard on myself*

*realize obsessively attempting to resolve every threat to my self-esteem is another big problem i have*

*wonder if there are problems i'm not aware i have--question self-awareness*

*realize this is literally what people mean when they talk about "most frustrating function to deal with"*yeah, well... you can't spell "our actions are heavy and can fuck things up and scar people permanently AND we humans rarely know what we’re doing at any given point in time AND taken together this means life is horrifyingly unpredictable and it is tempting to want to surrender all responsibility and wrap myself in blankets and become o**Ne** with my bed" without Ne. ((i'm not actually anthony fantano))i feel like... while some ways of looking at it are more useful, whether it's "two separate functions" vs "one single thing" is kind of a fuzzy boundary. like, my internal world is one of Fi-Si, and when i use my Fi i will necessarily also reach into my Si. should this Fi be classified into a new kind of Fi-Si function never to be mentioned in the same sentence as Fi-Ni? OR is Fi more similar to Fe than we give it credit for, arising from some similar baseline approach to things, only "reversed" in orientation? OR is Fi inseparable from Te? like, in a sense none of these functions can exist independently--they can ONLY manifest when all other functions are present. but they also very much are distinct things, i think? Te and Ti are definitely different enough at a practical level that you can say "this guy is using Te". that's probably the opinion of most of the people who are into this stuff, anyway.

also i don't think Te is Ti+Se. where did the Se come from???just like, nerd out. ask them questions about their area of nerdery. secret: Ti is just a buncha nerdz. i have an ISTP friend who likes mycology and drug chemistry and pharmacology and living in da Wilderness. i like these things too. this works. him: "hey do you know about the bioavailability of oral cocaine?" me: "that's a good question, i read a thread about it here awhile back, why?" him: "&lt;nerd ranting&gt;" me: "whooaaa i didn't know that! but how about &lt;more nerd ranting&gt;?"they're not based on 16 court cards at all... but the suits of tarot and the classical elements in occultism CAN be connected to the N/S and T/F functions, and jung was definitely REALLY into occultism (though not tarot specifically). i don't believe in tarot or supernatural shit, but you can't say occultism didn't inspire/influence jungian thought.i also feel like the harshness of Te-Fi is something types on this axis use as a sort of barometer? i can get along really really well with TJs, maybe even more than FPs, and part of it IS the anger thing--they don't hold back blows, and if i'm too upset i know i can be upfront with them, and there's a sense of security in that. since i know what they're about, it's easy to carve out the proper distance? Fe types can throw me off because i can't read them as well and if tensions rise i won't know if i'm being paranoid or if they'll say something nice to prevent hurting me or what, so i end up hiding a lot of emotions.maybe i'd put it like this: i feel like when INFJs say "authentic" they refer more to being transparent about feelings/motives/life-story/situation or connecting with other people on a genuine level. but when INFPs say it, there's this idea of *embodying* a certain set of ideas and values that they feel makes up their identity. it's what they're "about". a band they like might represent certain feelings they resonate deeply with, and their love for this band becomes an authentic act, something they wear openly. this idea of embodying bleeds into everything they do--they might want an authentic writing or drawing style, an authentic wardrobe, etc. an INFJ picks a writing style because it communicates a feeling or message effectively--an INFP picks a style because it's *who they are*. with INFPs there's a feeling that they've taken a collection of things and stitched it together into a model of the self.yeah, i think that's pretty accurate. Ne-Fi for me is an obsessive level of attention on the questions of "what am i feeling right now?" and "what is the nature of this feeling?" and "what does this feeling imply about me?" the analysis part is probably almost entirely Ne, but Fi is a compass that lets me know whether or not the feeling i'm theorizing about is the same as the one i'm actually feeling--it's an anchor. if i'm writing or drawing, Fi might let me know if an image manages to invoke in me precisely the feeling it's trying to invoke. if i'm presenting myself to someone i want to impress, Fi is what lets me know if my description of myself is accurate, but it's also what gives me the urge to conceal or misrepresent certain unpleasant parts of myself to give a more charming impression. who am i? who do i want to be? who do i not want to be? having Fi is living life with a gaze constantly set on myself, analyzing how i respond emotionally to everything that happens.

maybe [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5kaz9w/did_you_find_fi_annoying/dbmrsli/) is an example Ne-Fi thought process.
 
obligatory "have you read about the functions yet?"
basically the MBTI isn't about the E, N, F, and P letters in your type. these are just pointers to a set of eight functions that you use: Ne, Ni, Se, Si, Te, Ti, Fe, Fi. there's a link explaining this in the sidebar. what makes you an ENFP instead of an INFP is that you use the "extraverted intuition" function, Ne, more strongly than the "introverted feeling" function, Fi--not that you're outgoing and social and "extraverted" by the conventional definition of the word. 

extraverted intuition (Ne), the strongest function of ENFPs and ENTPs, isn't particularly good at navigating the external world, so it might even come off as airy and confused in social situations. ENFPs are even more introverted-seeming than ENTPs, who have extraverted feeling (Fe) to guide them. the extraversion of Ne mostly comes out in the realm of ideas. Ne types tend to be overflowing with ideas, and if they find an outlet and a way to communicate, they'll spew thoughts a mile a minute and enjoy learning new things from other people.maybe i'm projecting here, but i find that it's often really not about you. there will be people who come around who are interested in you. and there will be people whom you want more than anything to be interesting in you, and you'd bend over backwards to impress them, and when you end up just pushing them away, you blame yourself. but it's not your fault. like what you like, genuinely and openly, say what you think, and when they mention something that interests you, show excitement, and that excitement will be contagious--all things which you probably do already. if that's not enough, let it go.hell yes to this.in my observation IFJs can be goofy and snarky one on one but when it gets ridiculous Ne/Se levels they more than most types just kinda shut off and smile in the background. they're also usually not good at handling aggressive teasing. i think humor in general can be very edgy and closely related to pushing boundaries and Fe is just very not-edgy, on top of their introversion.

also a lot of INPs seem to not be able to joke well around super wild Se-doms. 

i have theories about humor and its relation to PoLR--IFJs can't deal with Te-based humor, ITJs don't really do Fe community-building in-jokes, INPs can't deal with Se humor, ISPs can't deal with Ne zaniness, etc. probably humor varies with individuals and different group dynamics though. 
man... you should Ne carpet-bomb more ofteni definitely get an SFP vibe. the stuff he's into is a lot less abstract and a lot closer to what my SFP friends are into. graphic design, hair stylist, being in a band, banksy--all things i can see NFPs getting into, but taken together they probably point to Se. i also have two SFP vegan anarchist friends who also hate "the establishment" or some vague embodiment of Te that threatens our Fi moral and spiritual development (inferior Ni?), but they're not as patient to work out the actual theory as N types typically are. and i don't know if this is related to Ni but i notice the "people are out to get me" thing in SFPs a LOT more than NFPs??? gut feelings in general, and a certain kind of "fuck you i'm right" attitude. *entirely* anecdotal, though.

super cliche question: how is he with "book learning"? does he jump wildly between 10 or 20 high-concept theories over the course of a discussion? i feel like Ne and Se can look like each other until Ne is in the presence of raw exciting new information, then Ne spazzes out and goes into information-sponge mode in a way Se doesn't really have the patience for.oh hmmm that would actually make a lot of sensethis probably amounts to an "i don't believe you", but i used to think the same until i realized Ti is not logic and Fi is not self-analysis. i used to think i was an ENFP with "decent Ti"--my ENTP friend thought the same, teachers said i had great critical thinking skills, i would always test ENTP, etc. he was an ENTP with bipolar who would go into self-obsessive spirals and feel guilty about things, so he seemed to be an ENTP with "high Fi".

if your situation is identical to mine, then i'd guess that the self-analysis and world-analysis you probably associate with Fi and Ti respectively is probably the Ne tendency to want to take everything apart and poke holes in it. Ne does that, Ne is good at doing that. the negative emotions that resulted in me and my friend's cases were similar--paralyzed by a sense of incompetence, looking for salvation/absolution of responsibility, awareness of potential unseen selfish motives, etc. 

but basically the distinction is that Fi means you have a *very* clear idea what your ideal world looks like, what you want to embody as an individual, what you're about as a person. it's this presence, this powerful sense of "this is who i am, fuck you if you don't like it", and it's pretty recognizable in FPs. he doesn't have that. he doesn't have a tendency to project his desires onto situations--things are the way they are regardless of whether he likes them or not. he doesn't always get why critiquing someone's taste can upset them deeply. he doesn't have this sense of self he throws at the world almost daring it to fight, and he doesn't tend to see this sense of self in others. 


if you have this, i think you're probably an Fi type, even if your logic is absolutely terrific. 

i don't think it's usually a "perception" we have about these functions so much as it is a useful model for understanding the nature of Fi vs Fe. we're not saying "all ESFJs are actually cold and calculating on the inside even though they might seem warm and friendly at first", we're saying "Fe/Ti is *kind of like* being warm on the outside but cold on the inside, this is one way to conceptualize it, if we understand coldness to mean this and inside to mean this". &gt; Your misunderstanding of the description does not disqualify the description

buuuut maybe it means we should opt for more understandable descriptions[done.](http://www.podlair.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=338&amp;Itemid=358)right? literally an MBTI cult. several years ago they were advertising on typologycentral trying to show why they were more accurate than MBTI, but at that point they still referred to the functions and types by their MBTI names. basically you pay them to read you and then get put in an "intentional community" with people of the right "mojo".at the door a  6 ft ENTJ insults u and if u cry ur not T enough for da clubit cuz Si has all the memories of summer still stored up inside her. ISTJ SO is like one of those lights you put in your garden that sucks sunlight and at night it glows. u gotta remember to take other functions into account.ENTP. Nyy=Ne, Zai=Ti. the functions all have visual representations, color codes, and symbolic hand gestures for whatever reason.ENFP, 23.

posture: not really sure, i've been told when i was younger that sometimes i hunched my back, and i did try to correct it to some extent. i think it's better? but i'm not too aware of how i carry myself. probably my posture conveys a sense of not being aware of how i carry myself. 

walking: my INFJ friend told me i walked with less of a sense of direction than most people, and my mom calls me a wandering ghost. i think i come across as lost. i pause a lot to think. i'm generally spacing out looking at nothing in particular or my eyes are pointed at something that's attracted my attention--the sky, a sign, my reflection. i often don't look at the road in front of me. 

smile: i don't think i smile much when i'm by myself. i tend to be lost in thoughts and memories. i get microemotions constantly... i'll remember something funny and laugh, or remember something embarrassing and wince. if i'm talking to people i like then i'll usually be smiling, but if i'm nervous or did something that made me self-conscious then my expression drains away and i think i can come across as awkward and stilted. i'm bad at faking smiles and if i don't feel comfortable expressing emotions i stone-face.

what i would do: i'd apologize lots. i think i would awkwardly try to explain at first, and probably a few times i would try to interrupt and get a word in somewhat forcefully but awkwardly, but if it keeps on going, i'd probably end up just going with it and letting them kick me out. if it's not my fault, i tend not to get upset. i'd be kind of amused and maybe smile as they confront me. i feel like in general i am someone who lets life push me along and i'm up for whatever happens. maybe start by learning all 8 functions and the rules for how they fit together[anyway here's mine. 24, ENFP, insecure tryhard loser.](http://imgur.com/a/xc3ec) sag is ENFJ? aren't they notoriously blunt and irresponsible? i'd think ETP.my impression of the signs in astrology is more that they're scattered than vague. they have often pretty specific personality traits attached to them, but from what little i've studied, they're often contradictory and mix together in weird ways. what happened was that they got together a collection of archetypal symbols in the stars, ruling planets, elemental associations, mutable/fixed/cardinal roles, etc, and assigned these to every single sign. ex: taurus is stubborn, like a cow. it's an earth sign, so stable and grounded. but also ruled by venus, so, romantic? but the zodiac is not vague in that someone who isn't practical, grounded, possessive, and romantic (say, NTP) would probably read taurus's description and go "nah that's not very accurate". i guess i can see that. still, the tactless bit doesn't really fit an Fe-dominant type? and "broadening of worldview" also sounds more Ne than Ni. plus, i feel like most ENTPs i know are into politics and philosophy, and tertiary Fe means they can be pretty concerned about social issues. no yeah I can totally see that. but why ENFJ and not ENFP, then? sags are grounded and driven, and ENFJs definitely have that vibe to them because of tertiary Se. but i guess something about the sag descript just sounds decidedly un-Fe. Fe-doms come off as very very "has their shit together" and "serious about life" and "stable".

edit: actually i can see it. the loyalty, dogmatism, sense of justice, etc fits ENFJ much much more, and the athleticism, bluntness, practicality, and drive can be tertiary Se. aha, np, i'm glad to be able to talk about astrology on such a notoriously anti-astrology site. 

i dunno how much you know about this so sorry for any redundantness? 

since Fe is attuned to the feelings of the environment, Fe-dominant or -auxiliary types tend to seek harmonious and pleasant environments, and they'll have a strong sense of how actions impact the emotional atmosphere of their environments. they tend to judge inconsiderate acts pretty harshly, even if they might not show it. they have a sense of seriousness and duty about them, a sort of "mom vibe". you get the impression they feel like it's their obligation to make whatever environment they're in hospitable to everyone in it.

otoh Fi types are hyperaware of their OWN emotions, but they tend to see this as saying something about who they are, rather than something inherent to their environment, so they tend not to really notice or understand "emotional atmosphere" and can say really socially inappropriate things. to find emotional wholeness, Fi types can't really rely on this concept of "finding a good environment" like Fe types. they want to understand how THEIR emotions work, individually. they usually see everyone as having some essential but differing aspect of basic humanity, so they can be staunch defenders of others' rights, but on the whole you usually get a sense from them of "i'm on my journey, you're on yours."!!!!!!! thanks that makes me happy!!!i think it works both ways. when you're insecure you tend to latch onto anything and anyone that will affirm you. it's only after you feel unconditionally accepted that you have the courage to be yourself and look at your flaws honestly. so the world should also try not to be dicks to tryhard losers. tryhard losers are My People. man i wish i could respond to all of these posts but i have an essay to write but for real you guys were all CUTE AF kidz n teenz growing up into very cool people i hope this isn't creepy but A++i'm 7 days late. dunno if my experience would be helpful for you, but i also have extreme difficulty expressing emotions or reacting appropriately to people, despite being okay at creating an approachable front. i feel things strongly, but i lack the vocabulary to express these feelings or the knowledge of which feelings are appropriate in response to things. when feelings get intense either on my end or on their end, i bail. the people i feel most comfortable around in real life are those i feel able to overexplain myself with, if i ever start freaking out. if they say something and i don't know how to respond, i can just bluntly tell this to them without shattering some contrived emotional "atmosphere". or if i'm overanalyzing what they think of me, i'll tell them that too. there's an unspoken assumption of "we're not going to judge each other based on some external standard of how feelings work, we're starting from scratch and feeling out what kind of person you and i are relative to each other." it's usually not perfect, and i still get moments where i don't know what to say or worry i'm not expressing myself clearly, but if things get bad enough i won't worry about ruining the friendship by bringing my issues up. i think the person i feel most able to do this with right now is actually an INTP. 

on the other hand, how do you become someone who expresses emotions naturally and effortlessly as part of your public persona? hell if i know. but fact: all the coolest people are alienated. wear your neurosis like a thick barbed shell that tears a hole in whatever nice cozy community vibes you find yourself surrounded with. _i'll_ think you're cool. (this is bad advice)sometimes to the first part, always to the second partcurrently finishing up my sociology degree and applying for english-teaching positions overseas. dream job is to make comics and do art. ultra-dream job is to become an unemployed wise person who grows psychoactive plants in a trailer by the sea decked out in antique furniture and religious artifacts. ultra-mega-dream job is to become a wandering ghost child who travels between worlds.somehow this phrase carries less threat because i imagine this is the typical way for ENTJs to close doors anywaytry erowid experience vaults and bluelight.ru for details on specific drugs. i trust your nerdo research powers.

general risks:

psychedelics - risk of bad trips and emotional scars, psychotic episodes if you're predisposed, a few of the research chemicals have dangerous physical effects

dissociatives - pretty addictive, you can hurt yourself and not realize it, ketamine metabolites can fuck up your bladder

stimulants - many are cardiotoxic and/or neurotoxic, some carry risk of OD, psychologically addictive, awful crash, paranoia, stimulant psychosis is very real

mdma - pretty fucking neurotoxic, overheating, depletes serotonin for three weeks ish

opiates, opioids - mega addictive with brutal physical withdrawals, slows heart rate, very real risk of ODing esp when mixed with other downers

GABAergic (benzos, alcohol) - pretty addictive, withdrawals can cause seizures or kill you, blacking out, risk of OD when mixed with other downers

don't take drugs without a milligram scale, research the shit out of everything, never trust dealers/vendors not to lie, allergy test to make sure you don't react badly, start with small doses, have benzos around if you're gonna trip, probably stay away from stim/opiates if you have an addictive personality, have someone around if you're gonna be seriously fucked up so you don't do anything too stupid, don't drive cars. maybe pm me if u wanna talk drugs cuz i'm a drug nerd.i dunno, i prefer manual labor jobs to stuff involving my mind because there's less of a risk of fucking up. mow the lawn? clean a window? same repetitive action over and over. write an essay? oh god how do i start? i don't stake my ego on how well i mow lawns, but i do stake it on how good of a writer i am.i post pictures of fruits with faces i draw on them. i've only posted 4 pictures so far, though. one thing i've noticed is that many types tend to have hints of their tertiary function in their facial expressions from time to time. INFJs will have that Ti precise squint like they're clarifying ideas, ENFPs will have that sarcastic Te challenging-you look when they make jokes, ISFPs will have that soft spacey Ni gaze when they're talking to you, ESFJs will have a toned down version of that goofy Ne grin when they're in silly mode. it's one reason seeing people irl makes typing them that much easier.i made this a long time ago and i am aware of the inaccuracies in my definitions of the functions so please do not crucify me. here are my impressions of the "vibe" i get from different types, though. 

http://imgur.com/a/Bc8dRintroverted functions are usually harder to see, i think? i can't think of specific facial feature. maybe a firmness and seriousness and patience in their gaze. a rainy-day-cozy vibe. Ne in the absence of Si has a manic decentered vibe, like the friction of a physics engine has been completely turned off and every nudge in a mental direction sends them flying. but dom judging + tert Si worldview makes INPs seem like they "know what they're about". 

i drew this years ago so ignore the text. http://imgur.com/a/Bc8dR imagine slight hints of every one of these showing up in the tertiary from time to time. but also maybe not always. tertiary Fi isn't quite so innocent-seeming, it's more just a guardedness toward letting that Fi slip out."you don't consider things that don't solve the problem" is like the opposite of Ne. Ne is impracticality: the function.ooh. your satire needs a little work. objective critique; no hard feelings. i think you'd be surprised at the number of STJs on chan culture with a sharp wit and chan-approved tastes who would score ENTP on tests just cuz that type of personality is romanticized there. &gt; The only thing I can say that may help this situation, is that your ENFP friend is probably mentioning all of the "I" and "me" as ways of participating in the conversation at hand. 

yeah, i think it IS an ENFP thing. also an ADHD thing. i'm better at it now than i was before, but it still takes some effort to figure out what's relevant and appropriate to say for situations. some types are more suited for business, i feel, because they naturally default to figuring out what's relevant--Te, Si, Ni. Ne and Fi together default to jumping into unrelated personal experiences and opinions. "oh, hey, actually, that reminds me, one time i did this!" good for self-disclosure at incredible speeds, bad for everything else.

&gt; I think, in the end, MBTI is a ladder you throw away when you reach the top. It is pure Maya in a lot of ways, but its coming to understand that it is and how it is that is so incredibly valuable
&gt; 

this is a great way to look at... a lot of things in life. i'm saving this quote.i can see this being applicable for any kind of ExFx type. inb4 someone says ENFP. here's a question: out of all of these descriptions, which things are the LEAST accurate? oh sighhhh. come on now. i don't mean the *zodiac* is accurate and these statements are literally the results of stars being in certain positions. i mean these statements are either accurate or inaccurate in describing him/her as a person. some are less accurate, and we can use these to determine type, regardless of the truth of the zodiac. but also, warning to OP: the zodiac gets a whole lot of hate here, tread carefully.i think it's possible you're ESFJ because many i know see themselves as lazy despite having their shit more together than any NFP ever will, and the drive to succeed sounds kinda like it. but everything else sounds pretty ENFP. POSSIBLY ESFP. but i'm going with ENFP.honestly, i think this might be an Fi thing, partially? i specifically do get this with serial killers and stories of atrocity, or with friends' stories of personal tragedy. something will click suddenly and then it's real. i get it with scientific facts too, where the reality of living in the same universe as whales or supernovas or the magnitude of 3000 years of history hits me.could Fi vs Ti affect how we react to it, though? with Ti being more "oh so THIS is what it means objectively" and Fi being more "so THIS is how i feel towards it".more like they take the system for granted and use it to get things done. how they feel about it doesn't change its existence.questions for Fi: 

- do you think a certain degree of alienation is good and necessary for understanding yourself? do you get uncomfortable with warm community atmospheres? 

- do you usually have a strong sense of what makes you "you", rather than feeling like you change depending on the people you're with? are you okay and comfortable being "against people" in a group if it's who you are? 

- are there certain topics that you don't like to talk about because you have strong convictions about them that you wish people wouldn't challenge? 

- do you think sticking out and being weird is inherently attractive, even if it's cringey or weird in a bad way? do you get mad at people who care about social acceptability or think they can judge other people's coolness? 

- does moral hypocrisy often disgust you more than people actually doing bad things? 

- do you think constantly about what certain feelings say about you as a person? do you often find yourself not wanting to believe that you felt a certain way because it makes you look bad? 

- does the concept of a core humanity to every living thing resonate deeply with you? do you get very angry and defensive of unlikable or even bad people? 

- does the idea of making art or performing for nobody but yourself just to express yourself appeal to you a lot? would you want to do this even if nobody understood or appreciated it?

- when faced with strong feelings, is your reaction typically to withdraw to process them alone? when big events occur in the lives of people around you, is it difficult to know how to respond because you become hyper aware of your own emotional responses rather than theirs?

- do you tend to strongly empathize with people who have experienced the same things as you, and in conversation do you try to find moments of mutual understanding to build a deep sense of connection and mutual affirmation of your core "self"? 

- do you dislike tact and social niceties and see them as fake or hindering genuine connection? 
after i use a word i sometimes pause and wonder if it means what i think it means, because i won't remember actually having looked it up. certain words are associated with certain memories--i remember my kindergarten teacher saying "shin" and pointing to her shin--but many big words i take for granted, and it worries me that somewhere along the way i made a wrong guess about their meaning. when in doubt i opt for small words.oh yeah i wasnt thinking of lower Fi at all when making thesewhile trying to fish for pity can be a temptation and i can't claim to know your cousin's motives, i think what Fi does isn't always "willful helplessness". it's sometimes more like "this is what i'm already feeling, this is the kind of person i am, i want you to see", or maybe even a challenge, "this is who i am, fuck you if you don't like it". likely what he's looking for is validation. i think Fi Te often has a strong sense of what SHOULD be--maybe a sense of "inherent humanity" and how it must be protected--but then *they* don't have to be the ones to do it. it's just a fact of the universe that people have worth. if i'm mean, then i'm mean, and that's on me. there's almost a tendency to value the sacredness of the principle above the actual results. anecdote:an INFP friend told me she wanted to become a mean and unlikable person to put people on trial for their lack of unconditional love. otoh Ti Fe might not have these "rules of the universe" inside them but they're much more reactive to what's actually in front of them. if someone gets hurt, that's real and bad.

it shows in what they're hurt by. i'm able to make jabs about my ESTJ mom's character and let her attack me back. if i'm upset, i'll just say it, so we know how much we can upset each other without getting to the CORE of the person. i'm often able to do this with TJs. but the moment i show i'm upset with, say, my ENTP friend, he gets very uncomfortable and unsure of how to respond, so i feel the need to hide my emotions. that bothers me slightly. i don't always *want* people responding to my emotions. i don't want them worrying. my emotions are my own. you feel what you feel and i feel what i feel and we'll coexist in peace or in war.

Fi Te: we can fight and hurt each other so long as we respect each other's core principles.

Fe Ti: we can examine core principles and dissect them so long as we don't get heated.

if Fe Ti is a 19th century no-hard-feelings duel between gentlemen, then Fi Te is the worthy opponent trope.i nominate this for most INFP post of 2017i have an easier time being authentic with INTPs. ENTPs have that tertiary Fe that adds JUST enough social judginess to their opinions to make me kind of uncomfortable from time to time. many have a strong opinion about what kind of interests and tastes make you cool and totally ARE testing you when they ask you questions. last year after a traumatic job interview i made a regrettable deal with satan to give up some of my pure and untainted Fi for competence in the I.R.L.but also, what was i before?tag urself im the one on the top right communing w natureomg really?? thanks!!! i had no idea i had a reputation!man, okay, that was probably badly worded and harsh. uh. it's definitely not judginess in the sense of "i think you're an inferior person for liking this". but several ENTPs i've met have strong opinions on what they think is cringey and embarrassing and cheesy, to the point where they show visible disgust or can't be in a room if something is too cheesy, so it can be hard to be enthusiastic about things they consider cheesy when theyr'e around. hm yeah, this is entirely anecdotal and i'm sure it's a Not All ENTPs type of thingyour "mean-spiritedness" has charm whoa what?? am i a resident ENFP-expert now??? i'm honored! man. i, uh, *really* like your posts.

so like. i'm not sure i see Ne-dom. i have this test that goes "you gotta be THIS verbose and overthinky to be Ne", and this might not pass that test. i get stronger vibes of Si-dom. 

i think lower Ne types can be similar to high Ne when you're talking to them. they touch on a wide variety of topics--"oh have you heard of x? i learned about y and z last week!" they're much more curious about things than most type profiles seem to suggest, and they often have new subjects that they're getting into and learning a lot about. this hint of Ne is *especially* apparent when they're an Si-dom, rather than Si-aux, i feel, because it's tapping into a shared perceiving world (people who hate function axis theory don't kill me pls). 

the big difference is that with Si types you get a strong feeling that the central trunk of the tree is incredibly thick, while the branches are all relatively short and stout, controlled in their growth. this is what i'm feeling from OP. Si types dive into the *immediate* world of these interests and learn about them in a traditional read-a-book-buy-an-album sense. with Ne types, you get a much thinner trunk, so the branches all fractal out and topple under their own weight like one of the monstrosa varieties of Trichocereus cacti. Si is much more content making these little observations about their life like i see OP doing, and is good at making them; Ne tends to see the observations as a stepping stone to a hundred "i think" statements that clarify the Real Nature of things thru Fi or Ti.

anecdotal reasons i don't see ENFP: 1. aux Fi has a kind of self-consciousness, punchiness, sass. 2. most NFPs tend to have this way of injecting Strong Moral Opinions into their self description. 3. their writing tends to be formatted like: "i'm like this because _______, lemme explain: [long rant]"--the whole Ne/Fi clarifying.

i dunno if i'm building a solid argument here or just piling too many words (probably this, SORRY). but like, just going off of this (very incomplete picture), i'm PRETTY convinced of Si in dom or possibly aux. OP reminds me a lot of my ISTJ friends and my ISFJ sister at his age--the desire to be different, the paying attention to how you dress and getting good at that, the liking classic music/books/art/etc, being friendzoned, awkward and goofy, lost in your head. also, that Ni vs Si writing post. i might back /u/opbn8 on ISFJ, or else say ISTJ. 

/u/chuck2k Si defender what's up.not agreeing with critsrc but. i don't have plans for the future. i just wanna see cool shit. pretty sure this sentiment is shared for a lotta Pe-doms.i dunno fam, i think that's just how most friendships work. people flame out cuz they get bored or preoccupied with something else in life, not cuz they stop liking someone. friendships is a circumstance thing for many people, not something they actively maintain. sometimes circumstances don't work. it sucks when someone doesn't have many friends to begin with, but i doubt you're unlikable, and i doubt your friends stopped liking you. by you? because same...eli5: Si pays a lot of attention to experience. over time, it builds up a database of little rules of thumb, preferred brands, lifehacks, wisdoms, vivid memories, so that it knows how to approach the world. it has a strong sense of what it likes and dislikes in regards to interests, taste, goals, etc, and tends to notice when something doesn't match its ideals. it is observant and good at noticing small changes in detail and what they mean. it values competence--going into a situation, it wants to have a good idea of what the situation will be like and thus what it should be ready for. 

does that sound like you?ok, this might be sloppy cuz i dunno Ni as well and also need to get back to studying for finals. you should make a typeme thread and get smarter people's input. fwiw, you don't come off as very INTJ.

Ni pays attention to and picks up on patterns. it has an inner framework of "how things work" that it can apply universally, and it unconsciously tries to fit things into this framework to shed light on them. it often arrives at an understanding but doesn't know how to explain why, and uses metaphors and images to explain it. the goal is to always connect patterns at a higher level to create unity in its understanding. it asks, "what is the significance of this?" Ni wants to "read between the lines" of situations, focusing only on details that reveal the true nature of things in an "aha" moment. it has a very dreamy, detached vibe but a kind of certainty and even stubbornness about its view.

BOTH functions want to be prepared and want a sense of certainty. but where Si is like a man who has mastered his craft now ready to face the wild, Ni relies more on its ability to notice clues that "unlock" the nature of the situation. Si is very rooted in the present moment and observant of how things connect to what it knows; it wants to be sure it knows how to handle the details and minutiae of the situation. Ni tends to have a confidence that if the big picture is seen, the details will be irrelevant. Si tends to become certain of a huge number of unrelated "facts" about life, about what is good and bad, but has no need to weave these into a worldview. Ni is certain of general impressions of "how things are working" that are often very removed from details."The rational would say that rapport with the irrational depends purely upon chance. If, by some accident, the objective situations are exactly in tune, something like a human relationship takes place, but nobody can tell what will be either its validity or its duration. To the rational type it is often a very bitter thought that the relationship will last only just so long as external circumstances accidentally produce a mutual interest. This does not occur to him as being especially human, whereas it is precisely in this situation that the irrational sees a humanity of quite singular beauty."

from Psychological Typesum, alright. you seem really determined to be Ni.same except there was many times[your attempt](http://i.imgur.com/qsNrhE4.png)kinda like how your attempt is very smooth when seen from the perspective of the INTJ, but pretty much the opposite from the other person's perspective? shit i dunno, that's the best i got.um, me too...yesss. i suuuuuck at reading in between the lines and knowing when some tiny thing has been bothering people for a while, so whenever this kind of thing happens it really really fucks me up.as in figuring out unspoken feelings? i feel like that's more of an Fe thing. i would say i'm pretty good at *communicating* feelings in words and giving people space to communicate theirs, but it's a pretty deliberate thing that i initiate. if people aren't communicating with me clearly i get paranoid and often project wildly and inaccurately. i'm not going off of much, but i feel like this is much more indicative of ISTJ than INTJ--Si has an idea of its ideal environment that it cobbles together from experience and tends to want to "take it slow" so it can orient itself. Ni doesn't really do this.nah, i have two ISTJ friends and both their houses are total trash heaps. they're also both really goofy and spacey. the whole "Si = memory/grounded/serious" thing might be overplayed. i find Se types and even my INFJ to have really vivid photographic memory of things. for Si types, it's more that they remember how things affected them. they have a map of gut feelings about what's important, based on a summary of their past experiences--they're grounded in that sense. they won't do something radically stupid like an ExxP. would you say you're cautious and tend to be aware of the seriousness of consequences for your actions? cool!!! i'm glad you've settled on Si-dom!it could be the Ni as well fwiw: seconding the "Ni aux users tend to think they're Ne" comment. i had an ENTJ friend believe he was an ENTP because of the way he could come up with clever responses and notice things. Ni aux users have a quality of "picking up the true nature of things", of reading between the lines and being observant and calculated and noticing little cues intuitively, and that can SEEM like Ne. but real Ne is airy and zany and lolrandom and mostly fuckin useless. decidedly not "sharp", mostly goofy.obligatory "it's not about the descriptions"!!!change their mindswell, cuz they're not the bedrock of the theory. the bedrock is the cognitive functions, and the types are pieced together from those. but over time types take on a life of their own as these archetypes, and people who don't know the functions or aren't particularly good at observing people will think they know what ENFJs are like when they're really talking about a very small sample of 50% ESFJs, and then what they write will become the orthodox text on ENFJs for a generation of MBTI seekers. but if you know your theory well enough, you can be like "nah, that's Si you're talking about". so i feel like the better approach is to build on top of the functions and arrive at a portrait of the types on your own.oh yeah then that's pretty different from one of those personalitypage.com descripts. i do think they don't tend to cover how the functions interact with each other, and thus a lot of the nuances particular to ENFJs and not other types.

also, hey, sorry if i'm coming across as too pushy or closed-minded about this at all. i feel like NTPs in general have an attitude of skepticism about themselves having the right conclusions and thus a willingness to look for holes and genuinely consider the many ways critiques of their ideas might be valid. incontrovertible evidence will win anyone over, but with a lot of issues in life we're never going to get this kind of evidence, it's fuzzy enough that it requires you to weigh factors and consider blind spots and biases yourself and arrive at conclusions about your DEGREE of rightness, and i don't feel like INTJs always do this well. i've seen on several occasions an INTJ who thinks he or she understands a problem with someone's personality or relationship based on only one or two statements they make. also, everything nietzsche said about women. Te in general often makes a lot of broad generalizations about the world based on rough rules of thumb without giving enough weight to what COULD be true. can i bug you one last time? and then i'll go sleep. sorry. [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTUBOgWtzsk) is a fantastic video about ENFJs. don't feel obligated to watch or respond to this post, but if you do watch this and think it absolutely doesn't fit you, i'd be fairly convinced you're not an ENFJ.you know, same to lying lots when younger. it was more an insecurity thing than anything else. i do it less now because i feel okay about the truth. close! very close! +1 typing cred!the original reply was half joking/stereotyping because the OP was already being pretty ridiculous, and it was mostly intended to mean that INTJs can often be stubborn and closed to possibilities other than their pet theory, not that they NEVER change their minds once they've made it up. and point of reply was maybe to say that i feel like Ne and Ti together tend to be more actively skeptical of their own conclusions and will often investigate other possibilities for themselves more than Ni Te. Ne itself often has an awareness of just how little it can be certain of. def not saying "all intj's come to conclusions based on generalizations" at all, sorry if it came off that way, just that Te can have a tendency to do this more than Ti because of how it works. [succ in by another type stronger](http://i.imgur.com/i06E4UV.png)http://imgur.com/a/RouPohttp://m.imgur.com/vEbgpCzhttp://m.imgur.com/GrPgGoQhttp://m.imgur.com/ofCHHvs

Responding to these creatively is hard( okay someone should do an AMA wwhere they react using pics they find online instead. and like assign people furry pics they find online. cuz im finding some pretty hilarious furry pics. and drawing takes too long. )http://m.imgur.com/FX4qBqS

Ur fursona is gangster spongebobhttp://m.imgur.com/2KdAnrs💬❌👌👍http://m.imgur.com/7g8lMVvhttp://m.imgur.com/swbhbWmhttp://m.imgur.com/FFqPAsZ(Oh man, if it actually came across as judgey then I'm really sorry. I was trying to be ridiculous.)http://m.imgur.com/HmXnh93
http://m.imgur.com/D17CTWYhttp://m.imgur.com/67NIBXbhttp://m.imgur.com/NXqGOiahttp://m.imgur.com/24iKiNkhttps://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vcjo2/enfp_ama_except_i_answer_with_doodlez_instead_of/de244j5/http://kotaku.com/5876065/study-video-games-keep-out-the-nightmares you might like thishmm that's true! oh! from a verge article: "In her most recent paper, published in the latest issue of Dreaming, Gackenbach and her colleagues further solidified a key earlier finding: that so-called "hardcore" gamers were more likely than their peers to experience lucid dreams. Gackenbach first reached that conclusion in 2006, after noting that gamers and lucid dreamers both displayed traits like intense focus and superior spatial awareness in their waking lives. Indeed, when she surveyed 125 gamers and non-gamers on the frequency with which they experienced lucid dreams, Gackenbach found a strong association between the two." 

i've always been able to lucid dream, and i've wondered if it's because i tend to notice "strange" moods. when i'm dreaming i'll usually be like "this doesn't feel normal". often, when i'm not lucid it's because i interpret the sensation of unreality as me being high/drunk/tired. 

potential woo woo: i also fall into hypnotic trance very very easily reading books or listening to music or having boring conversations, and i think it's because of my ADHD--if there's too much stimulus and none of it interests me, my conscious mind will keep following while my awareness sort of tunes out. at a shallow level i can maintain trance so long as i think without subvocalizing, but if i go "deep" enough into trance then sleep paralysis happens and it goes into lucid dream territory. i wonder if this contributes to my ability to recognize when i'm in a dream state.

and then there's the connection between ADHD and Ne. 

i dunno, maybe this is a stretch, but Ne=heightened awareness of boredom/ability to mentally "tune out" to check for unrelated ideas=lucid dreaming/nightmare control? there's also that dario nardi study that showed that Ne types were the worst at getting into "flow states".

sorry, rant.
http://m.imgur.com/FqBQvGlhttp://m.imgur.com/HV158w9

✨✨http://m.imgur.com/ZmQtaP7Based on a true story 

http://m.imgur.com/TGtZe9ihttp://m.imgur.com/CvtBnCZ(Ok this is angsty af)

http://m.imgur.com/oSSRoi4http://m.imgur.com/6YdtCFF

;(http://m.imgur.com/CFHjnU3http://m.imgur.com/lZYRaSAENFP, and yes, pretty much my whole life, as a side effect of being a light sleeper. i can generally keep a certain degree of "background awareness" as i fall asleep. try mei'm hesitant to say "this mental process is this function" but maybe there's something to the idea of "pure" Ne being related to this background process that pulls up random associations nonstop. also, you're probably the person on the sub who is most likely to be into this kind of stuff, so what are some good resources for learning about this? i feel like i've experienced so much weird stuff in trance that i know nothing about.https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5n80t8/are_the_mbti_subreddits_dying/dc9it80/

pls dont kill me for saying this but. i feel like it's already a small sub and policing or criticizing low-effort posts makes potentially insightful people who are already not very confident about posting even more scared of posting. i'm willing to sacrifice scientific rigor for a bit of fun.http://m.imgur.com/qmJuEgJhttp://m.imgur.com/5NG5qqKhttp://m.imgur.com/kRG6mf9Agree 100% but actually ENFJ and ISTP are ideal matches according to several theories we need to keep lowering our inhibitions!!! return to our primordial states!!! concept: drunk typeme posts!!! no tact!!! no thought!!! it's only valid if you can't remember what you got typed as the next day!!! thanks! it is my firm belief that *life* is best approached as a fun drinking game.hmm it seems like it wouldn't be much more fun than taking the test sober but i'll try i guessoh my god but my ISFP friend is an anime-loving goth kid whose exchanges with me on facebook consists entirely of us showing each other cute anime/animal pictureshot topics are actually ISFP nests, said fluxandfucks with a sigh.also--how comfortable are you with Si? how much do you need stability and coziness and routine? how much can you ignore/forget your physical needs? do you miss people or feel alienated in new places? do you collect things/do you finish books/ do you have a database of knowledge on a few favorite topics with which you can recall detail fairly well? how much patience do you have when questioned about details or when something requires you to pay attention to details for any amount of time? Ne-doms i know are very obviously uncomfortable with Si. Ne-auxs are much more okay with it. thx!how do you feel about the commotion you're creating in the Reddit MBTI Community?the MBTI Is Serious Business faction has been growing in power for some time now...dammit, sorry...sigh okay i know the poll is dumb but i'm getting really really anxious over whether people are actually offended/angry at it. if it is then PLEASE tell me and i'll delete it. i REALLY REALLY did not mean for this to be mean-spirited but it possibly ended up being that way anyway. and i know it's not even a huge deal so sorry if i'm overreacting rn or making this about me, i'm not even sure if i should say this. thank you so so much. this is really really encouraging and i really needed to hear it. even saying this sounds melodramatic, i honestly feel really dumb getting upset over this.lol yeah... it was supposed to be a bait and switch that was supposed to be kind of amusing and not a serious survey but it ended up just being kind of obnoxious... i'm too worried to check the results and i'll delete it in a few minutes. really really thank you, sincerely. i'm not good at expressing what i'm trying to say but i was having a panic attack and now i feel much less upset and everything you've said has been really helpful to remember. you give really good advice.i think it could be either, it sounds like more generally a depression/anxiety thing... but this is 1000% my life and it really does suck. :/yeah and i get that! which is why i feel kind of bad getting upset about this or even letting people know i'm upset about this on a public forum. sorry for getting worked up. Yay I'm glad you like it, here's a pic of a possum http://imgur.com/TkVEuRqthey've got a very solutions-minded approach to the world. if they really think something works, they'll do everything they can to get good at it. they can be amazing at shrugging off failure and bettering themselves. it is impressive how much they will do for others without complaining just because they think something has to be done. their sense of justice is pretty badass when it kicks into gear. also, inferior Fi is adorable, and tertiary Ne with dominant Te means their curiosity actually goes places instead of just being an annoying roadblock to productivity like it is with us NPs. well-developed ESTJs are honestly just Good At Life.ok so on the how-thirsty-is-aplacewithaview-right-now scale, with 1 being "pure thirstovision observations woven into the form of intelligent analysis" and 10 being "great analysis INCIDENTALLY backed up by pics of really cute girls", that post you had about visual identification is a 9 and this is about a 3.5. 
MBTI boot camp!!!: every Michael Pierce vid, Doctor Juice, mbti-notes.tumblr.com, search terms clarifying the functions/types like "Ti vs Te" on Reddit and typology forums, stalking the Reddit history of people who sound like they know what they're talking about (tempted to name names), Lenore Thompson, Jung, spend hours each day trying to clarify the relationship between functions ("if E means this, why doesn't Fe do this while Te does?") and not letting yourself rest until the whole thing makes sense, spend more hours looking for holes in your model  Your rant was v cute, thx! Idk if I have advice but how do you think ENTJ friend would react if you told her? Are you close enough that she wouldn't freak out or anything? Or what about getting a third party to ask for you?This isn't brought up much, but yeah this. I don't know if others notice, but I care very little for others but overreact to anything about me. And yeah I'm awful awful at listening and comforting others.It's like all the mental energy of an ENTP with 1/4 the results to show for it They do this! They do the thing where they'll have one disagreement with you that you didn't realize was so bad and cut you off forever for irreconcilable differences or run away sad and you're like wtf I felt like we had something going, why didn't you talk to me first????? It hurts, I never see it coming, idk, I'm not bitter okay???I notice this sometimes comes off as annoying to introverts and my suspicion about this is that I tend to ask in a very amused devilish "lemme probe your depths to satiate my own curiosity" kinda way, which seems insincere, rather than the FJ "I really want to bridge the gap between us and understand you so I'll learn how you best want to open up and let you have your space" way. I'm trying to learn the latter but not too great at it.Dude what happened to ur eyeCould just be anecdotal, but I've noticed ISTJs tend to be way WAY weirder than ISFJs. Like their low Ne seems almost (from my POV) like a defensive measure and they actually have a very fun, rule breaking, adventurous, crafty part of themselves, or an emo/nerd/weeb/goth side really fascinated by "edginess" and "coolness". They're less bothered by partying and drugs and "emotionally unhealthy" stuff than their SFJ counterparts. It's more common for them to romanticize being flighty and reckless. SFJs usually just find it irresponsible and selfish. There's that part of STJs that values weird and negative experience as enriching, while SFJs are actively trying to build a comfortable life. Making friends with STJs for me always involves these moments where I'm totally thrown off by a side to them totally different from what I would have guessed. SFJs are more often momlike all the way down, which I like in its own way. This is entirely anecdotal, tho.I'm vaguely familiar with the I Ching but I guess I'm not convinced that these two systems have any obvious parallels? What are you seeing that makes you wanna connect these systems?Both my ISFP friend and ISTP friend have this kind of simplicity and realness to them that warms my heart. Like, they like what they like and call out what they think is stupid. Because of this, ISTP friend's softest and coldest sides are simultaneously on display. He'll nerd out over mycology or cook up crack or fight people but then freak out over spiders or play with his cat. Living with Ne often feels like living with a million mirrors set on yourself and everything you experience, and I envy the immediacy of Se.biggest similarity is that we're both "intense", serious, introspective people who are interested in big ideas and other people. we can talk endlessly about how we think Life works and what makes people we know tick, we share poems and movies and stories we love with long paragraphs on what we thought of em, we both care a lot about morality and our morals align enough that we mostly get each other when we're upset. super different in basically everything else though, so i'm not great at reading him. when we don't communicate things get a lil rough, at least on my end, but the moment we start talking it goes away. it feels like we speak different languages but about the same subjects (vs talking to my ISTJ friend feels like speaking the same language about different subjects).shared interests. we're really really different and mostly united by our love for splitting hairs and learning new subjects. Ne and Ti can both have a ranty quality and a desire to figure things out, Se and Te both have a practicality to them and a love for the DIY. i helped him extract opium from a poppy pod and also cook crack from coke and his most recent message was asking me about the immune-suppressive properties of oxycodone. we sometimes ask about feelings and what's going on in our lives, although it's 90% me asking and him telling me. we're more eager to please ENFPs are kind of a wild card. one i knew in college wore geeky graphic tees and overly blue jeans. another one was a girl who would wear kinda cheesy steampunk stuff and corsets. an enfp in high school wore really "proper" clothes a lot but i felt like it was always very thrown-together looking and not attentive to detail. one i know right now dresses pretty well, another took drama in college and is fucking amazing at dressing and has an incredible eye for cool clothes and i get so mad seeing her not be a failure hell of inferior Si trashfire.

i dress like i'm trying to be kinda classy but sucking at it. i buy clothes too small or large or with textures or colors i don't like but don't realize until i'm inspecting more closely. once in awhile i'll be really fucking proud of an outfit, but the number of outfits i've come up with that "work" is less than ten, and i'm not convinced i'll be independently able to come up with anything good, so i just throw on oversized khakis with an undersized tee or something and dare the world to hate me. i like psychedelia, floral everything, print pants, culty religious horror imagery, rosaries, bracelets, drapey and oversized clothes, and torn clothes. if it looks weird enough i have to own it.

a few ENFPS i know are straight up amazing at dressing, but one trend i maybe kinda see in the rest of us is that we tend to have elaborate ideas but suffer on the execution--where someone who just straight up doesn't dress well will put on generic tees and sweatpants or something, badly dressed ENFPs tend to have stuff that sticks out and was clearly bought because it caught their interest but doesn't match anything and is now worn as a last resort. well-dressed might ENFPs come across like they're not patient enough for the whole dressing well thing but made an effort. 

ENTPs on the whole seem to simultaneously put less effort into it than me but also don't ever wear anything as bad-looking as i might. ENTPs fluctuate between high-effort-and-tasteful and low-effort-but-passable. ENFPs fluctuate between solid-execution-of-idea and well-i-guess-you-had-an-idea.oh i misread, i thought you said ENFP. but idk in general i feel like INTPs are a whole lot less attention-whorey and eager to please the normies than us Ne-doms. we like, actually go out and meet people, get hurt if they make fun of us for not showering, can't hide behind an impenetrable wall of Fi or Ti, try really really hard to be presentable. Good art and stories, to highlight those grand themes in life and remind you of what you care about. Travel--beautiful places, weird places, awful places, but change in general, so you can map out who you are across space. Memories, old photos, trinkets, things to make you remember everything you've left behind and the impermanence of the moment. Geology, meteorology, history, religion, to give you a sense of scale and animate the world with mystery. Meeting the right people who GET you, maybe strangers, maybe old friends. An evening alone with good food and soft blankets, to still the thoughts and let the feelings come out again. Feelings are timid things that don't like being thought about, and when too much is happening they tend to hide. Meeting cute girls/guys/whoever you're into, fawning over em. Cute animals too. Drugs, even ones that fuck you up and terrify you just because you'll love being sober again. Any experience of strong emotion that cuts through the surface noise and into something real and lasting. If you have money, deck out your room with things you love and good art and cute clothes and food and blankets and good smells. Make it your nest. The self exists out here, in the things and experiences that catalyze feelings, as much as in there. And I'm really gonna emphasize art and travel.  SFP defense squad ✨✨Lol ok the plural of anecdote isn't data but also every male ISFP I know is a pretty little Myspace twink type who thinks gender is dumb soNe when it sees one thing cool: "oh my God this is the future and it will change my life let's blow $300 on it haha yes"

Ne when it sees two or more things cool: "oh my Goddddx what do I even, no matter which one I pick I will be left with the nagging feeling that in a timeline just a few inches from this one a parallel me is having a much better time"I think it's partly about what we're thinking ABOUT, though--like if I'm thinking about how to decorate my room, I do that by picturing things on my wall, vs if I'm planning out imagined conversations or solidifying learned knowledge I'll be structuring/revising sentences in my head. Ok so what's indecision?maybe interpreting it as "just amusement" mischaracterizes ENTPs. tertiary Fe often means they do care and there's a limit to how mean the ExTPs i know are willing to get. when they find that real feelings are at stake ("i doubt he's actually that upset--wait, is he really?") they have to reconcile that with their values, so they'll either be remorseful or annoyed that other people are so easily upset by what they feel like is honest critique. their meanness actually comes out of a place of wanting the world to have (brutally) honest communication, and furthermore wanting to BECOME a useful conduit for conversation and honesty. what they love is when a group's values align with theirs enough for them to let loose on someone, with everyone backing them up for "telling it like it is" and perhaps realizing they "have a point" no matter how crassly they're making that point. much like meanness in ExTJs is a method to Te (or a gleeful exhibit of Te coming from a place of Fi), meanness in ExTPs is maybe a method to Fe? 

"stop once i notice emotions are getting involved" is something i notice about most ExTPs. it's the noticing when emotions are involved that they sometimes struggle with.ganbatteif this post had a type it would be ISTPgot fired real fast. i'd mix up orders or straight up forget to do super important things. abysmally bad at paying attention to my surroundings and remembering details. AWFUL at interacting with customers and coworkers. just got fired from another job for similar reasons. it gave me great stories about interesting customers, though.OPINION: cute af and tied with INTP, ESFP, and ISFP for types i always crush hard on and find endearing and cute af! 

good type to take on road trips and get drunk in a dim bar in an unknown city while talking bout life stuff!

have a nice day!wait ok tell me what you have all the other types down asim curious, how can Fe be used to disrupt group dynamics?good enough that it doesnt fuck em over NEARLY as much as inferior Si jesus christ Ne-doms are a body-abuse hell worldhey *i* think its cutemaybe just keep scoping out different aspects of the person and disclosing bits of your interests that they might think is cool until you hit on something you both think is cool and let it snowball from there? this is what i do. genuine excitement is the best social lubricant. the scoping out part is mega awkward though and sometimes i just give up and move on. maybe try getting drunk and high, that's another great social lubricant. idk i find all INTPs fascinating and fun to talk to because they have cool opinions and i think awkwardness is an endearing quality. the main reason i find it scary talking to you guys is i'm afraid my answers will come off as dumb or boring and you'll lose interest. but if i sense that you're genuinely interested in me as a person, that covers over a lot of social anxiety. oh also: a billion compliments. go out of your way to think their taste in art is cool or their shirt is cool or that little thing they drew on their eraser is cool. idk, DO you think they're cool? find the people with cool opinions or hobbies and just make it your goal to get into their life and experience vicarious coolness. idk i suck at conversation too but somehow i end up with friends so i'm convinced it's the personality that matters and if you broadcast it real loud the right people will come.yea i also really really envy both Ti and Se and find em really attractive, albeit maybe in a very Fi way? i rarely find em irritating, they just make me insecure when i feel like i can't keep up. What are your best qualities?

it's hard to evaluate my own qualities in the absence of what they provide to others. i would say i'm satisfied that even if my self-awareness isn't amazing and is sometimes terrible it tends to be enough that i can recognize flaws and try to work on them. i like how highly i value being a better person, even if this can be an ego-trap.

What do you like about yourself?

i like my skepticism and my awareness of how little i know. i like my sense of wonder because it makes life enjoyable for me, although it can mislead me. i like being able to pull life lessons from a myriad of places. i'm happy the world is an interesting place for me.

What is something you wouldn't change about yourself, even if you could?

i wouldn't change my ADHD and my selfishness and a lot of my other flaws, because i feel like i've been enriched by being able to empathize with failed and "bad" and alienated people. 

Are there common things that some people don't understand about you? If so, what are they?

most people don't realize that i'm incredibly shallow and not really that moved by art and music and deep shit and that my primary motivation is whatever is intense and badass and interesting. most people don't realize that life is fucking hard with ADHD. most people don't realize just how obsessive and myopic my brain is. they don't realize how little empathy i actually have.

How do you provide value to others?

i don't think i can provide value for all types of people. my ENTP friend likes me and i like him because we haven't found anyone who shares the same depth of insight in a way that can build off of each other's. when he has an insight about life and shares it with me, i always get excited too. my INFJ friend values how i see the world, i think, and my sense of wonder and trust in its goodness. another friend mentioned recently that i can accept people that a lot of other people can't and that i can see goodness in people and care for them deeply, which i think is true. [here was my room](https://imgur.com/a/i5LK9) when I was in Boston. it was closet-sized and illegal and the landlord only accepted cash. it would get below freezing at night until i bought a heater. i burned a hole in my desk once after blacking out on benzos because there was no smoke alarm. i would come home from night shift every morning to this shit hole of a room with a meal waiting and warm blankets and a heater and i would think "god i can't believe my life is this badass, i dreamed about this when i was fifteen". the upper shelf of my cabinet contained like fifty types of drugs. the lower shelf contained art supplies. at the time i drew the picture, the floor was covered in sculpey because i was sculpting ball jointed dolls.Two ESFP??Possibly anecdotal observations: Fi-dom Si-tert comes off as steadier, more observant, more quietly intense, and "cozier". Usually firmer in their convictions and less eager to please--I find it low key scary. Even in full Ne mode you get the impression they're choosing their words. Ne-dom Te-tert comes off as more scattered/racing-thoughts and also more forceful and quick to make loose judgements. Has a slightly gushy, performative-seeming persona from Fe in 6th--not to the extent you see in internet stereotypes, though. Fi has a fundamental urge to keep something to itself and watch its changes; Ne has a fundamental urge to throw things inside itself at the world to see what happens.I agree with the idea but in practice I feel like INFPs I know are usually much more willing to speak up to defend a principle they care about and ENFPs are much more willing to let it slide.Idk I just think usually INFPs are the ones willing to be a little meanOk sry that makes sense yeahOk I think what I mean is that "being nice" tends to not be as high up on INFP priority lists, at least anecdotally, as on ENFP priority lists Humans do best when specializing and adapting specialities into unique approaches to problems, and this requires suppressing opposite functions. i mean evolution selects for functionality so lots of useful things that make u not die before fucking are gonna stick aroundyeah def, i don't wanna burn bridges just cuz people are good/fun/useful to have in my lifethe future is not even really a concept i understand or think aboutI never really pause to think about who I will realistically become, how things will change, what the implications of something are. From time to time things will suddenly hit me and I go "holy shit". Revisiting places makes me get really sad. But I feel like other people have this view of life as a story where they have huge dreams and wonder about getting old and get excited about new jobs and feel like a failure if they get fired and think about how far they've come. For me it's just like, ok I'm gonna be fired... again. Why is this bad? I should feel bad right now. I also don't feel much empathy. I have trouble seeing others as real humans or feeling moral outrage when they're hurt. I'm not very moved by art and beauty. I feel shallow and locked in the present first person. I envy people who can experience everything as heavy and meaningful and serious and intense because I feel like that's a virtue.I feel like Se types I've met tend to be more _consistently_ adventurous. I know two extremely adventurous ESTJs who backpack alone in foreign countries. One is easily far more adventurous than I ever will be and takes risks I find kind of dumb sometimes. Two INTPs dislike traveling a lot. Two ESFJs are the worst at dealing with new environments and traditions out of anyone I know and distrust strangers, but this is related to past experience. An ENTJ friend gets travel anxiety but a recent trip has convinced him it's a worthwhile pursuit. 

My theory is that it has a lot to do with whether you're familiar with traveling and feel confident surviving in new places, and this can be learned. Different functions might do this in different ways. Se probably makes people better at rolling with punches, and Te makes people good at preparing themselves. Si might need bits of familiarity to keep it grounded, but I think there are ways it can adapt itself to feel secure on trips. I think my inferior Si actually makes me a good traveler but a bad survivor. I can never find what I need and forget everything essential but the chaos that is my daily life makes me terrific at ignoring the discomfort these things cause. If anything, I'd guess that Ni-doms are the worst travelers. This is from experience with INFJs I know who have trouble sleeping or adjusting to new foods or dealing with heat. 

I think different types also find interest in different things. Me and an ISFP friend travel terrifically together because we both love weird looking trash cans and colorful plants and getting drunk and lost, while my ISFJ dad is a fan of historical tours and my SFJ sisters are into finding cozy cafes and art museum. 
YES. get a stim script. if you think you might have ADHD at ALL, look up the symptoms. read the first section of *taking charge of adult adhd* by russell barkley. not just what we normally think of as ADHD, not the being distractible, also the other stuff like never finishing anything, sucking at details and holding info in your head, being overwhelmed and anxious from simple tasks, being terrible at estimating time. 

for a long ass time i thought i was just REALLY REALLY inferior Si, like an especially ENFP ENFP who also happened to be lazy as hell and narcissistic and tactless. i assumed my friend, ENTP with ADHD, was just a really ENTP ENTP. i almost failed high school. i went on to drop out of college three times and get fired from three jobs in a row. i just assumed i really really sucked at life. because sometimes it abated. i'd finally realize i was in deep shit and i'd suddenly work hard, and i'd remember stuff, and i'd be like "wow this just proves i'm a lazy person". but it was just endless cycles of this, of making a little progress, slipping up, fucking up my life.

then i got a diagnosis and that first week i could just do shit. like, i wake up, i go grocery shopping, i remember everything, i focus when people talk to me. i don't overreact to emotions or analyze them obsessively. i get a feeling and just let it go. i stop feeling shit about myself and realize if i could have done this all the time i would have.

maybe you don't have ADHD. but like, if you do, i am serious meds will fucking change your life. 70% of people with ADHD show signs of improvement after trying their first dopaminergic stimulant, 90% after their second. i am gushy about this because i have so much frustration over how long it took for me to realize this and stop feeling shitty about myself.

i actually notice more of a pattern where Ne humor is distinct from Ni humori dunno, i'm ENFP and i relate to everything you wrote and also didn't understand the first two questions super well. that last bit is a thing i relate to a TON. i think so! this kind of hoarder tendency and fear of losing things you "need" isn't something my ENTP friend does at all. but it does seem Ne to want to collect information and be able to utilize it at any time without considering how practical or useful any of it is, i feel like that's where this behavior comes from. it's the same urge that leads me to start reading twenty books at once and end up finishing none, or to open thirty tabs, or to pick up weird knick knacks off the ground. do you do that? i wonder if it's actually Ne Te specifically, because my ENTP friend doesn't have this compulsion at all.and then end up waaaaay off base feeling like you're fundamentally unable to know anything and introspection is always a doomed project, only to have friends who make much more grounded insights about human nature than you do? same, Ne can sucki feel like at least in some cases Ti is much more discriminating about what it finds interesting and assume it sees correctly. something has to be conceptually interesting to Ti or it's dropped pretty quick, whereas if i don't find something good in something i'm not an expert on i wonder if i don't understand what there is to get so i stick with it a lot longer. i also tend to assume i need crucial information to understand a lot of things, so every idea i explore is coupled with a bunch of other ideas to give it context. when Ti types are coming up with theories about things or freaking out over the implications of things i get slightly annoyed and think "but you know nothing about this topic and this theorizing is useless"--conversely when i try to theorize my theories tend to be a whole lot more bullshit. Ti seems to put less time into data-amassing because the data isn't as important to understanding. discussions focus on logic and holes in logic and implications. Te seems more eager to see raw information and "stuff" rather than logic as the crucial component. if you have enough information, theories won't be necessary.

i'm pulling this out of my ass and ENTPs could totally have these qualities idki had problems staying up way too late or not sleeping for a day because i get way too into things. meds made it easier to say "ok i'm gonna stop wasting time now", even after they've worn off. productivity is like a snowball where a few successes are enough to make you think the whole endeavor isn't futile, so i showered and slept with more frequency after i started taking them, even after they wore off. 

amphetamine is best, and methylphenidate is less effective, ime. methylphenidate lacks the euphoria and drive, and at doses where it was actually effective for me the comedown would turn me into a depressed, anxious wreck for two hours everyday. for both meds there's a certain amount of dread that goes into taking them because i hate the tense nervous energy and the feeling of coming down so much, but it's hard for me to have my shit together otherwise. 

extended release meds, for me at least, gets "tweakier" and more exhausting and nervous as it goes on, even hours before it wears off. a doc suggested a booster of instant release as i started feeling that way, although i never got to try doing this. on my lower dose of ritalin i found that when i combined it with caffeine it worked more effectively and felt smoother coming down than a higher dose of ritalin.

i haven't tried non-stimulant meds for ADHD.the same but twinksthings are a bit "off" for most people. i'm freaked out by how realistic it gets in capturing detail i only confirm later, like the shape and patterns of objects in my room, but lots of things are really different. clothes that i don't own, weird closets that don't exist in real life, etc. also, spirits and shit. you do see your own body lying there, which is unnerving. i still think it's just your mind doing a fantastic job of recreating places from memory.yeah, definitely. but occult things in general follow surprisingly replicable patterns! astral projection is preceded by electricity in the spine and certain sounds, your breathing rate can affect how "deep" you are in the trance state, you can "get out" of your body using specific techniques, etc--it's either tugging at the strings of innate psychological structures or else it's tugging at the strings of deeply ingrained cultural programming.is it a slave morality for the weak-minded inhibiting our will to power? is it a useful language for understanding subjective states of consciousness? is it all bullshit?

what are your beliefs regarding the supernatural/divine, /r/mbti? what are your thoughts on it? how do you see your cognitive functions/type playing into this? give me lots of religion-related thoughts/theories/anecdotes. inspired by [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/59v7xp/eli5_where_does_our_head_voice_come_from_if_it/), in which i discover that some people do NOT, and others have multiple possible voices, and some people only started at 16, or address themselves as "you" instead of "i", or think in a different language, or read without hearing words--

this is all new to me, and i'm wondering if it has to do with type. Te has always struck me as very internal-monologue-ish. and do types have to do with brain hemispheres? do brain hemispheres have to do with internal monologue? maybe not? but this is irrelevant. 

anyway, what's your type? how do you experience your internal monologue(s)? i'd be more curious if you DON'T experience internal monologue, or if you experience it in any way i would consider unusual. 

i'm sure non-type things affect this a lot too, like ADHD, which i feel the MBTI community probably doesn't account for enough. i'm pretty much always internally monologuing about whatever it is i'm currently obsessed with. 

(i should really do my schoolwork instead of redditing, it's almost a week late now and redditing ramps up my social anxiety and i don't ACTUALLY have anything useful to say, i'm just trying to pass time.)[removed][More visual identification!](http://imgur.com/a/LGEPr)

These portraits are probably famous in the MBTI community by now, but I thought I'd upload them to an Imgur album since I couldn't find any Reddit posts about this. They're taken by Ekaterina Sergeevna Filatova for her book "Personality in the Mirror of Socionics" (which I was *not* able to find an English translation of). Filatova identified the types of the people through interviews with them; she was critical of using visual identification alone as a means of typing people. 

Leon Tsao from Type Tips uses these photos as reference in his four-part series on visual identification here: [Alpha](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vs-3gPXN-0Y), [Beta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZekjHic7sK0), [Gamma](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoFS9X3j2BM), [Delta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nciMUF-qLG8)

I'm not confident enough in my Science n Logick Power Level to provide commentary on the pics, but feel free to provide your own.
I HAVE ADHD AND I LIKE DRUGS AND IF YOU ASK I'LL DRAW YOUR FURSONA

edit: gonna sleep but i'll be back to finish the rest in 5 hours...

edit edit: 8 more to go, i'll finish these up tonight... 

edit edit edit: done-ish? or 2 morebecause ESFPs and ENFPs have it, but then they are somehow absolutely amazing at fucking up their lives?? it is an eternal paradox. their Te only ever launches them FAR ENOUGH into unwise endeavors to really fuck themselves over when they fail. i mean, some functions when they're in tertiary are actually better. like Ne in ESTJs? makes em want to go on fun adventures and do risky investments and then they got the Te to plan for it and succeed. but tertiary Te in ExFPs? nah. it's the "gonna read up on this new thing and think i know enough to jump in blindly with $300 and o shit this is boring" function.
Well, at the moment it looks like INFJs, INFPs, and ENFPs are *the* people to have a relationship with. They have the most presence in "Best relationships" and across almost all types had high scores. (Well, in general the ENFPs did better in relationships with an introvert than with an extravert, and there were a couple of types that didn't like their INFx partners so much...)

(Well, this could be because of which groups have taken the test more frequently. So, bias.)In that case, INTPs are very forgiving according to this data. (Either that, or they date a lot of people. Or both.) (Basing this on: so far in the data, all 9 INTPs who put "ENFP" as either first best relationship or second best relationship said the relationship made them happier, and overall rated them an above-average amount.)Actually, yeah. That would've been really useful. I guess it's too late to change it now, but...if it ever comes up in the future, the next time you're making a survey you'll know exactly what is needed.Only an INTP would comment that only an INTP would comment this.Well, there's also a difference in neutrons and usually electrons. Plus, one's a solid at room temperature which is frequently alloyed with many metals and the other's a gas used in lighting.It depends: do you want the scientifically-backed MBTI typing with data behind it and how it's used in psychology? Or do you want the "type-as-a-conversation-point" MBTI typing that allows you to communicate efficiently to other people obsessed with typing and lets you think about how you perceive and construct your world?

If the former, the answer is easy to say but harder to do: Take the official MBTI test (which'll likely cost money, unless &lt;insert special circumstances here&gt; and will be likely run by a professional) and dive into the literature, the journals, the papers, the experiments, and read about the history and the dichotomies and theories about cognitive functions, including the dozen+ different theories about how the functions are supposed to stack, looking into which ones have scientific backing, sample size, bias, repeatability, etc &amp;c &amp;c, and make sure you're following the instructions and suggestions properly regarding how to eliminate as much personal bias as possible while taking the test. This will let you speak with confidence about your typing and which parts of it are scientifically backed and which are just hypotheses with anecdotal backing.

If you want the latter, feel free to take tests as you will, read up on the commonly-accepted cognitive function stacking, reading about the stereotypes and things written by or about self-typed people, and feel your way through these reddit forums finding out which group of people you fit in the best/have the most similarities/etc. This will allow you to communicate effectively with most MBTI enthusiasts, which is a really helpful thing to do especially if you are enthusiastic about MBTI as well.But the "official" stats that people usually give and quote were, in fact, taken from a sample from a US population.

Sure, there exists data on other countries *and* MBTI isn't American-exclusive, but the most-quoted statistics *were*.Basically, what Beknowly has been saying:

You claimed it's "literally impossible to know the general population based on the population of a few."

Beknowly responded, saying that that it is not only possible to know the general population based on a smaller sample population, but also people do it all the time in every kind of science.

Learning how to know the general population from a smaller sample is literally the first thing learned in *any* statistics course, after learning how to do basic math. You, then, said you never took Statistics and then you went off-topic by talking about genetics and biology over and over, with Beknowly responding that it's not genetics or biology, but statistics that's being talked about.

Feel free to be ignorant, but ignorance doesn't give you a right to say other people are wrong: it only gives you the right to learn and become no longer ignorant.(To be honest, this sounds somewhat exciting, although I'm probably going to forget about it...might as well respond, though!)

Hi!

So, 1) Describe my inner world? Do I even have one of those? Haha: I don't even know what counts as one, and copying off someone else who has already posted in this thread wouldn't be fun, so I'll just run with it. My inner world definitely has mountains. It's probably got rivers. It's got sights to give you shivers and it sure would be prettier with you ;P .

I don't know. My inner world definitely has more music than actual physical substance. I guess probably the best way to describe it would be it's a place for me to retreat to when I'm bored and alone and doing those mind-numbing repetitious tasks that everyone's got to do all the time, like waiting for furnaces to heat up or for vacuums to pump down to howevermany millitorrs or whatever.

I guess I'll move onto the next one, too: 2) I've actually been thinking about this lately: literally everything excites me. Sports, fencing, Capoeira, playing music, doing engineering analyses, learning new languages, meeting new people, lying on the grass staring at the sky, writing, reading, 'rithmetic, trying new foods, doing exciting things, coming up with and testing new hypotheses, making prosthetic feet, doing service projects, practicing different variations of handstands, being around friends, trying out random ad-lib recipes, hiking, learning about others' perspectives and goals, learning about anatomy, product design, parkour, watching fun shows with others, breaking out to Broadway in the middle of nowhere, learning new languages, that little adrenaline rush you get when you're nervous and embarrassed and unprepared, and so on.

I'm sure there *exist* things that aren't exciting, but I haven't run into them yet.

Edit: Oh! Traveling! That's exciting, too. I *love* traveling and learning new cultures. (edit#2:) Also, finally understanding the applications of the engineering stuff, that's incredibly exciting. Like, so exciting that it makes me happy for the rest of the day.Hahaha; *only* 1900?Yes, it *is* a biased stereotype, and the majority of people (not just ENFPs) are worse at driving than they actually think they are.

Personally as a driver, I drive very defensively (which, of course, makes my aggressive-driver friends agitated because they just want to dart out and expect other cars to stop, or they want to tailgate to "tell" other drivers to speed up/pull over, etc). As part of this, I keep several car lengths between me and the car in front when driving at high speeds, specifically so I don't have to slam my brakes when they slam theirs. Driving defensively and safely has actually saved my life a couple of times, which is probably why I still do it even when other people tell me not to.

To be honest, though, I probably could be a little more aggressively and still be fine.What brings me down? Um...nothing, actually. Everything is exciting, so I'm always excited about everything. I've had friends comment on this to me before.

Well, except maybe people dying. That's not exciting (but now that I think about it, doing an injury biomechanics analysis on how it happened is pretty cool).

So. People dying. Or people suffering/in pain/starving/&amp;c. Those are the things that bring me down. So I guess I'm not always excited, and you're right.


As to your second question: when there isn't much to do, I generally fall back on either tapping out a rhythm, playing an improvised song (if I'm near a piano), or (if I'm not near a piano and I'm too bored to tap out a rhythm), I always end up wandering around outside to either look at nature or find someone to be with. The first one, I fall back on because I pretty much have music running through my head 24/7 and percussion is a good way for me to stop thinking about the music. With the piano, I tend to fall back on it simply because I enjoy it and always have. Wandering around, I think I fall into that habit because I find staying in the same spot alone *so* *mind-numbing* and it's really the only way for me to think and talk about all the ideas/thoughts I had during the day.OH!

I literally recently took the Patronus test on Pottermore. I got:

**MBTI type**: ENFP

**Hogwarts house**: Slytherin
(To be honest, I was expecting Hufflepuff because Hufflepuffs are awesome, but after learning more about Slytherin and thinking of the actually-good Slytherins in the series, I figured it fits and is actually good, because I'm pretty loyal (a Hufflepuff/Slytherin trait), definitely clever (according to friends), and I want to be the best and most helpful person I can be.
Plus, I really associate with the element of water, which is what Slytherin was based on (When I haven't been called a fairy by my family, I've been called a mermaid). My older brother got Slytherin, too, but for a totally different reason.
I took the test because of his wife (then-finacee) who got Ravenclaw. My younger sister got Gryffendor, and the rest of my brothers got split between Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff.)

**Ilvermorny**: I got Thunderbird, which absolutely fits me (probably the only one in my family who got this one) because I am totes adventurous, way more than everyone else in my family, and so on.

**Wand**: I got 12" Apple wood with unicorn hair core and slightly yielding flexibility. It, honestly, kind-of fits me. (My sister got a Dragon-core.)
Extremely hard to turn to darkness, fairly powerful, have a natural knack with learning languages (I learn new languages so quickly!), and "slightly yielding" describes how I deal with challenges: willing and glad to give on the details in exchange for flexibility, but not willing to change my core principles.

**Patronus**: I got the Stoat.
I already said this in the ENFP subreddit, but I was first confused what it was, then I looked it up on Wikipedia. Even though they're vicious bunny-eaters, they are literally the cutest thing ever.

*How do you feel about these? What does/doesn't resonate?* To be honest, I wasn't really favoring or biased towards any house/whatever when I took the test, so I wasn't already expecting a certain result.
I'm glad I got the results I did, because after doing some more reading on them I found out I love them and they're all amazing (in spite of the Gryffindor-bias found all throughout the books).
It made me more excited for the new Harry Potter story (and the cursed child) and the Fantastic Beasts movie which I am so stoked for.

Sure, I know the test on the website is extremely flawed (some of the "Gryffindor-exclusive" answers were actually chosen by a majority of the people who got sorted into every house (except Hufflepuff, for some reason), and some of the "Slytherin-exclusive" answers weren't picked by anybody and doesn't really have anything to do with Slytherin anyway, and everyone taking the test has a predisposed disposition towards Gryffindor or Ravenclaw because of the books, and the majority of people who were sorted into Slytherin were done so solely because they had an affinity with the element of water, but it was still fun and I enjoyed it.
It's not just picking water on the element question (because that's only one question) but rather picking water consistently on the other questions (the forest vs river, the smell of the sea vs the other scents, the bubbling pool in the enchanted garden, merpeople instead of other creatures...and so on. Not simply that one question. In fact, as I said before,  [the element](http://istinita.tumblr.com/post/118220915201/slytherin-pottermore-analysis) is the deciding factor in most of the people who were sorted into Slytherin, but those sorted into other houses were because of traits.I thought bulls were, actually.;PMaybe I can do it better?

Ni is a silvery-white lustrous metal with a slight golden tinge and is hard and ductile. It is frequently found alloyed with Fe and is quite often used to prevent corrosion. The biggest deposits of it are in Philippines, Indonesia, Russia, Canada and Australia, and it is frequently mistaken for Ag.

Ne is a colorless, odorless, inert monatomic gas under standard conditions and is a very common element in the universe but is rather rare on Earth due to its low density and its difficulty to bond with other elements. It gives a  reddish-orange glow in lamps.

Ne and Ni are totally different, seeing how one's a metal and the other isn't.

Did I do better?

to OP: What Ni and Ne mean obviously depends on what theory you're looking at and where in the "function stack" position you're looking at as well (because in some theories their effects vary from position to position). So I don't know the best way to state the difference between them without pointing towards specific theories written by specific people (but where those theories are explained, they also explain what they mean by the cognitive functions). So...sorry I don't think I can help you.If you're not going to vote for either Clinton or Trump, why not vote for Gary Johnson or Jill Stein or Evan McMullin or whichever other third party aligns most with your views or who has the highest chance of winning in your state?

*Not voting* tells the two major candidates that your dislike can be controlled by turning it into apathy, that you can be controlled into doing what they want just because you don't care enough about it.

*Voting for a third party* tells the two major candidates that you are not only dissatisfied with both of them but you are also willing to do something about it.Actually, I have a suggestion that could improve the response spreadsheet:

The second section ("US citizen of age to vote?"), as it is, doesn't really tell much because the percentages compare horizontally in "Yes" to "No" in each category. It only lets people know the difference between eligible voters vs ineligible voters. If, instead, it had the percentages vertically, with each column summing to 100% instead of each row, it would more easily lend itself to understanding the data, it would allow greater comprehension, it would still allow quick and easy comparison between those who can vote and those who can't, it would give a better idea of margin of error, and it would allow people to know how the overall opinion between the two categories of people fall in place.

tl;dr: In rows 12 to 19 in the spreadsheet, it would be better if percentages were calculated by column instead of by row.I like how (so far) all that consider themselves ENFP, INFJ, ESFP, ISFP, ESTJ, and ESFJ have decided to vote, even if they don't know who they're going to vote for yet.

Voting is extremely important, even if you don't think the person you're going to vote for is going to win. (Remember Brexit? So many people didn't vote because they thought for sure the vote would say "stay" by an overwhelming majority. So many other people voted "Leave" as a protest vote, thinking there was no chance of it actually happening.) So, vote for the person you feel would be best.Coincidentally, science is also based on observations.Have you looked at [these](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myers%E2%80%93Briggs_Type_Indicator#Criticism) criticisms yet? Many of them (insufficient or conflicting evidence/weak validity/accusations of vague generalities/doubts about whether the right factors are used/questions about falsifiability) have more to do with the theory itself instead of the testing method.


Your video idea suggestion is pretty marvelous, I think. Your comment should be closer to the top, so that it's more likely to be seen.Thank you: that's worded better, now I understand what you were getting at.

However, I still disagree: chemistry, physics, mathematics can be calculated and tested and observed and such with quantifiable data and all, so they're science. Psychology can't be calculated (you're right), but neither can economics, biology, sociology, ...etc. All four of these are considered science, still. (Colloquially called "soft science" but officially known as social sciences.  Social science is still science.)

Psychology is considered a social science.;P

After I finished writing it, I noticed that it could easily be misread as a metaphor. So I ended up adding more things from the Wikipedia articles on Nickel and Neon until it was really obvious.I don't know...INFJs can get pretty strong. I mean, have you *seen* their muscles? So dreamy.&gt; All that glitters is not gold.

This is so true.  Some of it is actually just glitter, which is better than gold. ;PI like this one, too. It is so good. Everybody who knows their MBTI should also test for their Hogwarts house.I got ENFP/Slytherin, actually. Thought I was going to get Hufflepuff, but I guess not.

Also! Took the Ilvermorny test, and got Thunderbird. "The house of adventurers" actually fits me pretty well.To crush your enemies — See them driven before you, and to hear the lamentation of their women!Am I even "regular" enough for this thread?Haha, wow. I didn't expect you to go through my comment history. That's pretty dedicated. Good job!

To be honest, I haven't really considered anything else (except INFP), largely for two reasons. The first is that I don't really care about the labels enough to put that much thought into it. The second reason is that on all the official (and most the unofficial) MBTI/Big 5/Enneagram/Socionomics/whatevs tests I've taken, I've gotten exclusively ENFP or its equivalents or stereotypes, (except one official MBTI test that I took Sophomore year where I got INFP; retaking the test later and now in graduate school I got ENFP) and I feel no need to argue against that.

Re: if I relate to the functions as depicted this way: Actually, though, I haven't seen any convincing and repeatable data on cognitive functions (and that "What's your 4 cognitive functions" experimental test by that one psychology professor who studies cognitive functions that I took gave me Ne, Ni, Fe, and Fi all pretty much equally high, with both S and T variants almost equally nonexistent) so I don't put much stock in them as anything other than "convenient shorthand for complex ideas" and "Make chemistry jokes whenever people talk about them".

Well, there's that, and there's also the problematic self-bias in anything supposedly scientific inherent in asking people to read descriptions and see which ones they relate to the best. I spend a lot of my time working trying to *remove* bias in experiments: it would be completely hypocritical to intentionally add bias when I have the option not to.

*However*, what you said is pretty interesting. If the next time I take an MBTI test for class or work I get ESFJ or something similar, I'll consider it as more of an outlier that needs to be looked into instead of a fluke.

So, I guess, what I'm trying to say is thank you for doing that. (Also. I've never read a non-stereotype ESFJ description (never had reason to). Sounds interesting; I'll read through one.)Hahaha.

I got 1.67, which is a "Whining Rotter". What even. ENFP.

Mostly while answering the questions, I followed this procedure: If I simply disagreed with it, I put "Disagree Strongly". If I felt it was a poorly-worded question but I still disagreed with what it was intending to say, I put "Disagree Mostly", and if it was an outright silly poor question that I neither agreed nor disagreed with, I put "Disagree Somewhat".

Oh, and I agreed with one or two questions, but I can't remember what criteria I used for those.When I'm writing something that I expect someone else to see, I have neat handwriting.

When I'm writing something that I only expect myself to see (if I ever see it again, probably won't), I have messy handwriting.

When I'm bored, I have really fancy two-thirds-cursive handwriting that my sister and my cousin have both described as very good-looking.

When I'm trying to write something that I will probably see and need later, I write with one-third-cursive handwriting which looks pretty neat and neatly pretty.Yup. I absolutely think I'm an INTJ. I totes agree.I do not know my family's MBTI type, but I could possibly deduce something with some unknown level of accuracy, and then give some sort of answer about that. Before I start, though, I'm going to say that there is probably no unifying theme between all of them. That's my guess.

So,

Dad: ESTJ, possibly.

Mom: ESFJ, maybe.

Brother who is married: ISTP, maybe

Sister-in-law: INFJ, possibly

Me: ENFP

Brother who I brought along to the new year's dance party: ISTJ, maybe

Brother who is in the Caribbean: ESFP seems possible

Sister who loves sports: INFJ? Maybe? Or ENFJ.

Brother who is so into video games: ESFJ is possible, but so is ISFJ.

Sister who is the cutest: ESFP

So, totaling those up: 6/10 are E, 7/10 are S, 7/10 are F, 6/10 are J. So the unifying thing between my family is "ESFJ".The socionomics and MBTI tests both give me ENFP/ENFp. That one cognitive functions test by that one cognitive functions researcher guy gave my top four cognitive functions as Ne, Fe, Ni, and Fi.

So, I assume they're accurate to my type.Apathy towards perfectionism, or perfectionism of their apathy?

&lt;also an important questionI don't really like Fi because it's the only one that doesn't line up with an element so whenever I read it I mentally call it "Fidel Castro" or "Wi-Fi" or "Semper Fidelis" if someone writes an Se before it. All the other ones, I can call them by their elemental names as a shorthand while I'm reading them. Silicon, Selenium, Neon, Nickel, Tellurium, Titanium, Iron. And Fidel Castro.

That's why I don't like Fi.

The thing I love about it is that, among the whole list of elements, it stands out so much in absurdity. That's why I love Fi.
I got lost once in a store as a child, and I'm a type so this is how I responded:

In the first place, though, I wasn't really "lost" so much as everybody else left without me. It was a clothing store. Everybody got into the car and left me behind, honestly forgetting that I was even with them for some reason. (Not the first time that it had happened, and not the last.) They even went through everybody, asking "Hey, is everybody here? Count off" (or whatever they did. They didn't go that much into details).

So, me alone in the store. "Lost", if you wish to call it that. I looked around, couldn't find anybody that I knew. So I walked over to entrance and waited, alternating between looking up at the cashiers for someone to come by, down the side of the wall, and out the door just in case they already went outside. I wasn't really crying or anything, I just waited.

However, I was thinking a lot: in my mind I was creating this really amazing story that I could tell my family when they showed up again. I came up with the seeds of ideas for an entire story-heavy video game based on a mixture of laser tag and capture-the-flag where each character had their own personality and strengths and weaknesses. I thought of the interactions between each of the teams, and between each team member, and the possible layouts of the arenas, and little tricks and stuff. I decided to tell my older brother these ideas later.

Then, my mom came back into the store and I was right there. She told me how they hadn't noticed I was gone or not with them for some ten minutes, and how the had even asked everybody if everybody was there, and so on. She asked if I had cried, and I said 'no'.

If I can be representative of my type as a whole, this is what ENFPs do when lost in a store as children.I just took this test. Got the same result, to pretty much the same degree, as I did when I was taking my ethics and global leadership course. Sorry, though: I did not test as a sensor, and never have. (I'm more of an actuator... ;p)

Here is what I got:

Clear Extraversion: 18/21

Clear Intuition: 22/26

Very Clear Feeling: 24/24

Very Clear Perceiving: 22/22My life is pretty ironic (i.e. full of situational irony) sometimes, so I guess that makes ENFP the obvious most ironic type, because that's how anecdotes work.African elephants have so many more neurons than humans: that explains why I've never seen any status updates from my elephant and long-finned pilot whale friends.I confess: when I first read the title I was expecting it to be about authors with typewriters in cars, driving all over the place and typing novels before throwing them at people.

Then, the headline: "Drive-by Typers deliver books at breakneck speeds"I feel what you're sayin', but, like, do you ever just, like, feel like soooooo excited when your fave song comes on the radio?!?!?!? ;P

Haha, though: it does feel that way sometimes. (And by sometimes, I mean more than sometimes.) It's, like, *"You have to feel exactly this way or otherwise you probably don't belong"* is implied but said by nobody.

Oh! That's almost what I got, too!

You were so close to getting a perfect score, though. ;pSo actually, to be truthful, I can't remember. I probably got a 7 and a 6 or an 8 or something like that. Maybe if I train just a little more, I can boost my scores.Yup:

http://xkcd.com/451/

Ranking people from best to worst. I'm really good at that.23 Celsius?!? That's basically freezing!

Rounds down to freezing, anyway. How can you stand being that cold?No, of course not. If I were, I'd be saying that was *below* freezing and that it rounds *up* to freezing...My type is ENFP, and the house I got was Slytherin. As long as you don't make the automatic association that "Slytherin = evil jerks" then it fits, because [I wanna be the very best, like no one ever was.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGkcnUy3l-c) ;p

More seriously, I want to do have success in designing medical devices and setting up clinics throughout the world and improving everyone's lives, which is a very ambitious thing (and ambition is *the* defining Slytherin trait). Don't really care that much for the recognition, though (but from what I've read, recognition for success is generally more associated with Ravenclaw).Well.

Whenever I talk with people, I more often talk about them and about current events and about fun things or about research, rather than about myself. I can't even remember the last time I talked about myself in person (and I've been dating someone recently!).

So, I guess, if I can be assumed representative of every single ENFP ever then ENFPs never talk about themselves (or at the very least, can never remember talking about themselves). 'Cause that's obviously how Statistics works.I painted my face (so it looks like my face-skin is split open, revealing only my skull and nothing else underneath).

My Halloween plan was to walk around all day, acting as if that was completely normal and that I wasn't actually wearing a costume. And then hang out with friends.People noticed it but haven't said much this year. Only a couple of people. (Last year, I got so many people to jump in fright when turning around corners or when I faced the other direction: I had black "cracking" lines over only half of my face, so they couldn't see it unless they were in front of me or on my right side.)

All those animals are so cool! Now I'm torn between a fox, a greyscale movie character, and a mermaid for next year.ENFP buzz words:

Bee yourself.

Bumblebees.

Ouch, that stings.

You really need to beehive.

I think I want a buzz cut.

Hi, honey.

Buzz off.

I'm a little short on my vitamin Bee today.Spring is definitely the best. Autumn is the second best. Summer is pretty nice, but not as nice as those tropical "Wet Season" and "Dry Season." Winter is also nice, but only when it snows because otherwise it's too dark to have fun outside.Oh! Me too! (Well, I got pretty much tied Ne, Ni, Fe, and Fi. Pretty much everything else was abysmal...)

Awesome intuition is awesome.This is how knowing my Personality Type has personally affected my life:

(First, context:) I was in a Global Leadership and Ethics class. For one assignment, we all had to find out our types. We then got split into groups based on this: groups with people whose types were very different with ours.

As a result, I got put into a group with a bunch of people who were mostly TJ. (It wasn't helped that F and P were all less common in that engineering class, meaning I was maybe one of two FP types in our group.) We rotated who was group leader in charge of each group assignment. As a result, our group projects (that we as a group got to choose) were dominated by people who thought differently than me.

Also, for one reason or another I was elected leader the most in that group. (Also, in the one other class where it mattered, where I was also the only F in my group, I was elected group leader there, too. Although that probably would have happened even if I didn't know my type.)

So...that's it. Knowing my type put me in a group that made me outvoted when deciding group projects in a single class for whichever project I wasn't a leader of, leading me to participate in projects that I didn't enjoy as much as other projects.I honestly want to say I do, but I probably don't.

More likely, though, I likely just do a voice depending on word choice/capitalization/etc.You just gave the exact same responses that I was going to give. But then I noticed you already said them word-for-word.Because we have been sitting for too long.Budarina, I totes say this, because everybody to me is like a flower, budding out of their face. Bud. Buddy. Hot buns. Hot buds. Bunny buns. Budd-o. Mr and/or Madame Buds. Budbuds. Budbug. Bugbud? Sir Bug. Sir lady bug? Bugbugbugbudbug? Buddiebug? Slugbug. Slugbud buddy bug. Widderbugs. Counterbugwise. Bugwise bud? Glugbud. Blud. Blood. Bloodbud. Bloodbudder. Budbrother. Buddyboo. Bippity Boppity Bud. Biddybud. Bruddah. Bud pug bud buddyieio. Bud McDonald.

Actually, no. Most of those sound terrible. I don't do that.The trick is that we have our own personal heating and AC system, so we can be warm or cool whenever we want.

;pI've frequently heard that ENFPs' ideal or best relationships are with INFJs or INTJs.

So...with this, what you're saying is that the best relationship match for ENFPs are either Jesus or Snape? That makes sense.Turn to page 394.

(Are you saying that Snape doesn't have a sexy voice?)That linked chart by another poster also shows that ENFP is largely Gryffindor, but I also got Slytherin. (And Thunderbird, but we both got Slytherin so that is important.)This is what I got:

Neutral Good Human Paladin/Ranger (2nd/2nd Level)

Ability Scores:

Strength- 16

Dexterity- 18

Constitution- 16

Intelligence- 18

Wisdom- 17

Charisma- 18

Kind-of funny, right? I've taken this thrice before, and the last times I got a 4th level Cleric, a 3rd level Chaotic Good Ranger, and the time before that I got a 3rd level Lawful Good Paladin. It's funny how I level up, right? Also, the two previous times I had slightly lower stats.

Looking down at the details further below, Paladin, Ranger, and Cleric were all really close. The race is tied with 13 in Human and Half-Elf. Alignment is unequivocally Good, but is split fairly well between Lawful, Neutral, and Chaotic.

Edit:
Although, changing one answer I was debating between changes me to a Paladin(2nd level) Ranger (2nd level), so I'll go with that and replace it here with that. It had previously shown up as 4th level Cleric, but I changed that answer to the question I was uncertain about and here it switched. So I'm going with this.We should team up and make a party of exclusively ENFPs.Basically, it means you're magic.I also got Campaigner/VOE-M:

Visionary 78%

Observant 81%

Extraverted 74%

and Motivating.

Should be also noted, I am ENFP. Also, I haven't read through the description yet. Let me do that now.I feel it should be noted that Evan McMullin (an Independent) could only be included in the "Other (Please Specify)" section, even though fivethirtyeight.com claimed he was the "third most likely person to win presidency", giving him a statistical 1 in 5000 chance (while they gave Johnson and Stein a 0% chance of winning). So...that's my comment/suggestion. If this is refined in the future, maybe include him in the lineup because he ended up getting significant voting throughout several states.

Overall, I liked this survey. The "Check all that apply" question was a welcome question, since many other similar surveys require choosing only one option or completely fail to ask that, merely depending on which party you vote for.

My favorite color is green.
The hardest part was picking which shade of green, though. There's so many of them! I like the dark shades, and I like the gemstonelike shades, but I especially like the bright and vibrant greens.If I had the abilities of an INFP while still being me, that would be so great because they're basically superheros with their ability to write so much cool stuff.Yes, you are. That is a fact, and that is how ENFPs gain their new converts.Bing says it's an edible fungus that's got a brown oval or pointed body and an irregular honeycombed surface underneath.So Sad!Nonono, you didn't really get it: he was saying that his knowledge is equivalent to a brainwash camp.I am ENFP, and I know the pasta is done if it's different than the last time I cooked it.&gt;ENFP: “Frozen”. OH MY GOD, IS THERE EVER A TIME WHEN YOU’RE NOT ‘ON’. CAN I NOT EVEN EAT A SANDWICH WITHOUT YOU SOMEHOW INTERRUPTING ME?

I mean it's crazy...we finish each others' sandwiches. ;pAwkward silences are soooooo awkward, I love themI got The Fortune, which is pretty cool. This is what it says:

The Arcana is the means by which all is revealed. Alongside time exists fate, the bearer of cruelty."

The Fortune Arcana symbolizes Fate and varying luck, fortunes and opportunities. What goes up will go down, what goes down will go up.

You are aware of your fate, and attempt to seize your own destiny in spite of your seemingly-locked fate. Thus, you are typically involved with making important choices and decisions.

Does it match my MBTI? I guess. Fate, luck, destiny, ENFP, same difference, right?My handwriting! My sister and cousin and soon-to-be-spouse and landlord and pretty much everyone else always say my handwriting is (1) really awesome, (2) really artistic, and (3) really easy to read and clear.

In general, it appears to be a cursive-print hybrid (mostly cursive, though how much cursive it is depends on how energetic/etc I'm feeling) with loops, asymmetry, and open spaces, and any dot is more of a circle than a dot.I think I took that thing once, too.

If I remember correctly, I had high ("excellent") Ne, Ni, Fe, and Fi. The other four were somewhere between limited and good. Can't remember which, but they were significantly lower.I am ENFP and Slytherin, which is pretty normal, right?Here are two sites that discuss this that I found useful:
[Personality Junkie on an Batman V. Superman's Lex Luthor](http://www.psychologyjunkie.com/2017/04/12/enfp-villain-wicked-revolutionary/) (Spoilers, if you care about that. I'll discuss it in this post, so also Spoilers.)
and
[Zombies Ruin Everything on NF Villains in general](https://zombiesruineverything.com/2014/02/14/nf-villains-and-other-miscreants/)

I'll include a couple of thoughts from each of them:

First, the former. It says as opposed to thinking villains (who have complex emotions that make them unique), NF villains have complex plans and thoughts, which frequently appear childish or poorly conceived or lacking logical structure. It says that the common archetype would be a "Revolutionary" with the intent to destroy someone or something that is in direct opposition with their morals. The example given is Lex Luthor, using many metaphors and an odd plan to get the "demon" and "god" Superman defeated by man, and shows the outcome is personal. In addition, he seeks to leave Superman in emotional pain in various ways, even if it isn't the most efficient or logical plan. And, later, Lex explains through an emotional argument why he was justified in doing it.

In the **other** site (Zombies Ruin Everything), the author talks about NF villains in general, discussing goals, motivation, and what makes it so hard to write a NF villain. The author typed Ra's al Ghul (Batman villain) as an INFJ, and Lila from *Dexter* as an ENFP, using them to illustrate the points from earlier in the page. Specifically, here's a summary of that page: While SJ are villains because it's their duty, SP are villains because of circumstance, and NT villains are searching for power, in literature NF villains have much more complex goals: trying to do what's best for humanity by way of "an evil method rather than a terrible goal". R'as al Ghul is trying to purge the world of evil, with an ends-justify-the-means method: a hero in his own mind, out to better mankind. Lila, as the other example, tries to live life to the fullest while understanding human nature, but lost touch with others' needs. The author also typed a horror villain as INFP, who was pretty much insane and couldn't see reality as much as the dreamworld in her head.

So. Those sites are fun reads. I feel they both adequately explain why NF villains especially are less common *because* they are harder to write (See also [Zombies Ruin Everything's page on MBTI villains](https://zombiesruineverything.com/2014/10/21/mbti-the-types-of-types-of-villains/), which says how the easiest way to make an NF to be a villain would be to make them think they're doing the right thing. -NFJ by a outcome-justify-the-means and -NFP misguided by morals and unable to see the pain they're causing in others.)

(Edit! Oh! Another one by Personality Junkie that [goes over](http://www.psychologyjunkie.com/2016/02/01/the-greatest-villains-of-every-myers-briggs-type-the-idealists/) INFJ (Ra's al Ghul), INFP (The Phantom of the Opera), ENFJ (Hans from Frozen), and ENFP (Megamind)!)It's because I took the official Pottermore test designed by JK Rowling and it put me in Slytherin. My assumption is because Slytherin is based off the classical element of water, which describes me pretty well (not to mention mermaids are also associated with Slytherin).

That's probably why.

Not to mention, "ambition" is *the* defining quality of Slytherin (more so than anything else) and "ambition to improve the world" counts as that.I actually identify with the American house of Thunderbird more than Slytherin (I also officially got that one, too, on the Pottermore quiz), but the question was about Hogwarts houses, not "Harry Potter's Wizarding World Houses".Yeah, it is. I mean, he's so sympathetic during the musical that you don't even realize he's the villain until you stop to think about what he's doing.That same site also types Debra, Dexter's sister, as ENFP.You spelled it wrong, too.
It's spelled
"velociraptor"
By assuming that there are definitely dead giveaways, it give the impression that all people of the same types are identical in personality, but in truth there is a lot of variation among people even with the same basic jungian functions.
ENFP: ENTP 

But if I really like a person, I clam up and say the dumbest things and look like an idiot. Constantly being available is one of the most painful things I'm dealing with. I love my people. But not being able to disconnect, them reaching me and my having to reply or engage - unenthusiastically even - is a punishing cognitive load. If you don't want your ENFP to burn out, let them go and roam a bit. 

When I do feel like my attention and emotions are being too invested or demanded, I cut them off entirely as a self preservation mechanism. I hate feeling like I'm here for someone's entertainment. What I have, I give freely. But demands and expectations of consistency are claustrophobic. 

I'm using strong words because I'm in the middle of this. Your friend may be different. I don't have anyone irl that I trust to share this with but maybe you can just ask them outright. If they say they need space, be kind and let them have it.ESTJ all the stuff I'd get done. 


ISFP because Steve Rogers is one and I love mellow artist folks who are idealistic. Steve's an enigma eh? I've never seen Steve typed as an ENFP or ENTP 😐... Doesn't strike as those types to me - http://fictionalcharactermbti.tumblr.com/post/139657575242/steve-rogers-captain-america-isfp-marvel

As for Bucky, I'm seeing ESTP - http://funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com/post/85217506016/captain-america-bucky-barnes-estp-extroverted


No one seems to agree about these two and the Civil War should have changed things. 

(my terrible thumb rule - if I hate them slightly or a lot, it's me projecting my self-loathing on a poor fictional character. That's how I know Michael Scott from The Office and Jess from New Girl are ENFPs). I don't comment on them happy threads because I don't want to bring them down?? And I don't usually comment on the angsty threads for the very same reason. Internalizing and stewing ain't good though.

Edit - editing on the new mobile Reddit is hard 🙄As an ENFP, I know how to play-act like I fit in. But never in my life have I ever truly fit in anywhere being myself. Even at home, I have to put up a lot of walls and project a person I'm not. It's a pain. Hah. People don't ever guess I have an engineering degree but I do 😂. It's strange but I've always had a thing for Journey. 

It's meditative, exploratory, a bit isolated just like who I am as a real person when I'm alone, the chill but soaring music I love like Nujabes and Bonobos - sometimes you meet other people along the way. 

Funnily enough I never got round to buying a PS and the game - just watched random play-throughs on Youtube. Lots of countries already released it or sneaked it. Thought Pete might be an INxP! He felt like an INFP in CACW. 

The Vulture sounded like an ENFP gone to the dark side. Me too haha. But i'm an ENFP and have a hard time spotting other ones. Moon in Pisces - ENFP! Matches. Got my enneagram as 4w5, which fits too. 

Found this thread looking for RDJr related posts lol. For some odd reason, people used to type him as ENFP way back in the late 2000s. Now he's firmly in the ENTP lists. He's super charismatic and I think that may be misread as warmth. Kinda interesting he identified with Charlie Brown when he was growing up though, an INFP. &gt;*Your MBTI type:* 

ENFP

&gt;*Do you believe that everyone is equal (in intelligence, talent, uniqueness, etc)? That everyone is special in their own way?*

No but everyone's special in their own way.

&gt;*Have you ever felt superior or inferior to others?*

Superior to people's cruel behavior sometimes, inferior to their kind behaviors sometimes. It's a strange headspace to be in, I can't remember a single phase in my life I was just content.

&gt;*Do you believe that all MBTI types are equal? Do you have anything against any particular MBTI type?*

Equal, yes. INTJs and ISTJs can be hard on some days when the brain just doesn't want to look at details.

&gt;*Do you believe that your own type is the best type?*

Nah. To be honest, I can rarely stand most ENFPs I meet IRL or in movies and TV.No spoilers in this description. 

Wondering what types you guys saw in the characters! 
ENTP: Animator, astronaut.
Right now, im treading down the path of an Animator. :)Yeah, its really odd. I went to anime expo recently where there was literally huge crowds of people, and I really wanted to spot out some famous people, cool stuff, friends, and good cosplay, but I just couldn't no matter how much I tried.  There was just too much information input, so I either had to tunnel vision on 1 thing, or saw things as just moving obstacles. While my Se dom friends and family, spotted literally everything. This is why I am jealous of Se types at times. Also, on a wierd note, after that day, when I was going to go to sleep, literally a surge of unfamilar faces came flowing into my thoughts as I tried to remember what happened at the expo. I dont know who they are, where I met them, and when I met them. Its really odd. 

To describe this Ne sight, its kinda like you can focus on things, and its sometimes full detail, and other things you aren't focused on are just moving colorless objects. Obstacles so to speak.Yeah, sorry bud. I dont particularly like Reddit's thought process thatif you disagree with it, it shoulld be downvoted. But I agree with you. My downvotes are only reserved for those being completely irrelevant to the topic at hand.Humans are interesting.My flair just means im either 
entp or enfp. But im edging a bit on enfp with a bit of a Thinking taste to me. I'll change it so its clearer.Personally think Ne are yeah, more creative than any other function. Ne types tend to make a lot of references, metaphors, similes. Which are pretty helpful in creativity. Ne types can think outside-the-box better than other types since they constantly scanning for possibilities. But, the Ne functions will only think up ideas in concepts, not details. And since they jump to concept to concept, things are left unbuilt upon. You can build detail upon details, but you cant build concept upon concept. Building with concepts gives you a rough layout of everything. Building with details gives you percise look on specifics. Ne types are only really creative internally but not externally. Ne types lack that full grasp on reality like Se types have to put it in the world.

See what I am going at? Rough layout perception of everything (Ne) vs (Se) percise specifics perception of things that you can touch, taste, feel, hear, etc.Try and go all Ne on me buddy. I'll release my guessticles to guessulate a opinion on if you have Ne or not. Explain to me why the irregularities of the universe presents paradoxical solutions to a paradoxical infinite. In other words, explain to me how your day was, and how you'll get to point A to B. (Say literally whatever.)You got to show. Not tell that you are INTJ/INTP. And Idont mean show as in show your test results. Show as in, show us your personality. If not, doubt-train-is-uh-comin'Joined team Hufflepuff, mainly because Griffindor is full of nerds and Slytherin are full of doushbags. Ravenclaws are cool though. COLORS! Not a fan of the color orange. But I am a fan of the food orange. ITS OFFICIAL. ENFPS NOW HAVE 100+ RESISTANCE TO SCURVY.I'll kink shame you.Not sure if the 1st question can really differentiate Se or Ne. Im a hardcore Ne dom and I would pick physical stuff like... uh... 65.01839999%(?) of the time. Like, if I were given a choice between history/philosophy class or disecting frogs, I'd dissect frogs any day of the week, all day, or night, making frankenstein frog armies. 

So I got a better question for you OP. How often do you think/say metaphors and similes. How often do you space out completely delving into your own daydreams? Also, respond by literally saying anything. SAY LITERALLY ANYTHING. THIS IS PART OF THE TEST. TAKE NOTES GUYS.[But why is the rum gone?] 
(https://youtu.be/FTi40w0nLgo?t=13)Im jealous.Definitely. Im quite attracted to IN types because I am always thinking "what could they be thinking?!" Which approaching introverts either end up either 2 ways for me... like a mosquito flying too close to fire, or shakepeare on ice.Haha, "The one with the gun is the one who eats for free."Would you rather kill your really stupid but nice boss or kill your really mean but smart boss?Me: ENFP

Brother: ESTJ

Brother: ESTP

Mom: ESTJ

Dad: ESTP

Basically they all think im wierd.An teen angsty one eh? Ha. Whats with all these "type my friend who is an asshole" theres never "type my friend who is amazing." Anyways, devianting from that sidethought, Im guessing ISFP.I'd say Si negative is stubborn/stuck in the past, stuck in old ways and "knowing themselves" is more of a trait for Fi. Si positive would be: decisive, knowing well how things work, learns well from mistakes, clairvoyant.For me its the opposite. I know more stubborn Si users than Fi users. Both Fi and Si can be pretty stubborn. I typically usually see old Si users as either "Wise old man" or a "stubborn old man." But understanding their beliefs is kinda knowing themselves too. If that makes sense. Like, knowing how you are going to judge the world, is knowing who you are. Yeah I feel the same with r/ENFP. Its because all this depression threads popping up made me really doubt I was ENFP at a point. r/ENTP feels more at home for me too.igornance is bliss, knowledge is power.BRUH. IM AN ANIMATOR TOO. LETS SHARE ANIMATIONS AND SUCH.   Job security for animation is shit. But if you are good, you can get security. The ENFP sub is a bit gooey and mushy for my taste. Too much depression/sadness all around and people trying to confort each other. Yeah, im aware INFP is just a concentrated version of r/enfp
In an alternate universe: "Dress code only says 'must wear star of david.'" Id personally would want to set the world on fire... just to see a flaming universe.Im guessing INTP... but Id like to see more of those random connections you can make in your wordings more hun.Ne peeps tend to talk with a lot of metaphors and similies, making random connections when they speak. :) Its like the main indicator I look for if someone might have Ne as Dom or Aux.True, most people, even Ne peeps do want to keep their sentences as clear as possible, in which, if one were to use a lot of metaphors/similes in this kind of thing, i could rely much heavier on my decision.  Of course, I take this outlook for looking for Ne doms with a heavy grain of salt. Its not a perfect system, but its decently relaible, which is why I tend to use it. But I think people should do type me threads when writing their sentences just full-force say everything in the way they want to. Even if it doesn't make sense. I do pretty much the same too. Xcept its more send message first, regret painfully afterwards.I mean, 60% of what you posted to describe yourself is actually opinions. "-I'm a classic smart alec." Thats a opinion. and I don't.Yeah, when I dont know any of the material, I can made damned good potshot guesses. I still fail tho.PoLR I feel is kinda iffy if it actually exists. Like Ti in no way feels like my PoLR, and im pretty sure im ENFP. Like, 98% sure. And I don't think I suck at Ti at all either.Lots of Ne doms get this feeling too. I think it is just being intuitive in general, and actually, like literally before I hopped onto reddit, I didn't have this feeling for the FIRST TIME EVER, like literally I saw everything clear and structured, colored and shapes. It was damned cool. But me having that moment is right when this is posted major coindeince. 

I'd personally call this feeling derealization/depersonification/dissociation, but maybe in a much more lighter degree. (Maybe.)Im a skeptic. But im also carefree, reflective, subjective, and skeptical. Yeah pretty much me. I question all information that comes at me.None of this corrolates well mbti functions at all. I dont think mbti and this can be compared in similar types. Also this test names some things mbti lacks and vice versa. Like a Te person would probably be Open, since they are more focused on objective stuff rather than seeing if one is right or wrong. Open is basically a both Te and Fe. Carefree and Prepared are basically perceiver and judger. Subjective is some mix of intuition and feeling. Quantitivative is some mix of sensor, and all the judging functions. Reflective is a mix of both percieving functions and  Ti and Fi. Intuition of this test is intuition and judging.The test's "intuition" and mbti's "intuition" dont seem the same. For the test doesnt say how you work your intuition. And Te doesnt care much about facts or figures, only what works, whats objective. The test is leaning on how Ti you are. Its just the definitions are dramatically different from MBTI.Intense ambivert. Wanting to be with everyone, but getting sick of it a minute later, then wanting it again a minute later.AMBITION/Independence/RESILIENCE

Looks like my Te is pretty strong. HAHAHA!I was about to post a very sarcastic comment. But then I read "Art, movies (to enjoy or analyze)... AND ANIMATION."

But sure, I'll be a friend. Im an 18 year old ENFP. Im pretty hardcore passionate about making art/film/animation. Mainly animation, so hit me up.Almost finished watching all Satoshi Kon's directed works. Exccccept Perfect Blue. Anywhere I can watch it? Like Netflix or Hulu, or where ever?

(Satoshi Kon is an amazing director btw, very experimental with transitions. Overall it seems japanese animated works are much more experimental than western stuff, which quite frankly I like.)Oohh no. Im ENFP and im definitely fine with conflict. In fact I embrace it at times. I loooove debating, not really for the essense of being right though, more on the essense of learning something.Nawh, I got tons of Se friends, we homies. 

But then again I don't really believe MBTI works that much, too many missing variables and fail-safes for critism.Very Fe lol."Ignorance is bliss. Knowledge is power."

"Theres no rules, only guidelines."

"*Plato's Allegory of the Cave.*"

"The wisest fool is the fool who knows he knows nothing."I smell Ne leaking.Oh golly. I would love to join this game but im afraid I am a tad too late to join. (AS I WOULD THINK.)Oh yeah you right, I red u/superange128 as "becoming a better person for others."Ne is totally comfortable browsing upon the interwebs looking at monkeys using money for prostitution. I dont have many friends, and I barely go out. Not because I don't want to, because im totally comfortable not doing so.hungry.People are pretty useful. Lets bring back slavery.I have some extra stealth-boys if you need some. The power to become completely invisible, when no one is near. INFP/ISFPsPersonally, I dont believe all too much into MBTI. Too many backdoors and loose-ends. But MBTI has proved some credibility through my own experiences. And yes it is the population distributation. Also... I find from personal experience, yes, more females do tend to be feelers, while males tend to be thinkers or... atleast instead of tending to be... are pushed more to be a feeler/thinker. Is there any corrolation? What opinions do feeler males/thinker females have?

My F/T distinction goes as follows: Fe is harmony and group shared positivity, Fi is personal morality and ideals, Ti is logic pertained for truth and understandment, Te is efficiency and group shared motive.Those are dangerous words you are saying. Similar to words of "sensors stupid." Or "A black man probably killed that man." Etc. You are making assumptions with no proof. A dangerous path buddy.Said something similar with my mom about if the Tsar Bomba (the 100mt one) hit Los Angles. We'd be covered in third degree burns and will be able to live for a little bit. But luckily our deaths will be painless since our nerves are no wonder. :) 

Then she told me to stop being negative and thinking about dark stuff.jack of all trades master or none... hmmm...?My Ti is now strong af after hanging with my Ti friends all the time. Learned how to talk Ti with them to cue less arguments. Although it is only conscious. Not subscious like my regular functions. Te is still there smacking my buttcheeks to edge me towards telling my brother to stop leaving his skin-graphs on the bathroom wall. Same with his love for sprinkling with his tinkling on the toilet seat. Anyways. Still an ENFP. Just a little bit more matured.Hello comrade. How do you feel about the proletarian revolution? This was [asked](https://m.reddit.com/r/ENFP/comments/4sfcfa/what_quote_or_series_of_quotes_has_influenced/) onto the r/ENFP subreddit by u/Valid_desires , but I want to know everyone's answer to this. I feel as though knowing one's quotes one lives by is more an accurate description of one's personality than even mbti. State your type too.

My quotes, personally are these:

"Knowledge is power."

"Its ok to not know, but its not ok not to try."

"Give a man a fish, and he can eat for today, teach a man to fish, and he'll feed himself his entire lifetime."

"The wisest fool is the fool who knows that he knows nothing."

"Ignorance is bliss."

Also sorry if posting something like this that was already posted onto another subreddit is viewed as morally wrong or something. Im still kinda new to Reddit.Lemme... lemme lay out some quotes for you guys so you guys can see the possibilities instead of being locked up looking at shadows in a cave yeah? Because I am getting pretty prissy about some of you Ti doms especially. I love you Ti doms, like my best friends are you guys, but you guys can be real pricks in trying to nit-pick everything I say. In which, not everything has to be correct babycakes. Calm down, dont try and start an argument with someone that is clearly not passionate enough to care if they are right or not. Like if someone asks for a shirt but it is actually a jacket,  no need to bring out your whole pocket Merriam Dictionary. Then don't get butthurt when I tell you I don't care if im right and then tell me I am just being stupid and illogical. You don't need to go full grammar nazi on people baby. "Your" or "You're" who cares? Unless I am writing my scientifical essay of why Einstein ate too much broccoli as a kid for a Nobel Peace Prize. If not, who cares then. Also, Ti doms, as smart as you think you are, you don't know everything just because you always say the difference between shirt and jacket. Theres a difference between nit-picking them, and helping them. 


"The more educated you are, the more you realize how much you don't know."

"It is not because people are uneducated. Its that people are educated just enough to believe what they have been taught, but not enough to question what they've taught. "

"If you think you are right, try as hard as you can to see why you might be wrong."

Ti doms, as condradictory to your titles may be to be the most logical... be more aware that your logic may only be true to yourself.


Yeah? Heres a smart guy quote for proof that you should even question your perception of things: 

"Most likely we are living in a simulation." - Elon Musk.

Yeah? You got it? Good. Now... show me how wrong I am. Because the Prohecy bibles tells this tale: "I could be wrooong." In which yes Ti doms, it would be helpful for me to tell me if im wrong right now. 

TELL ME, if everything I said is wrong or if its morally (Fi) wrong, or efficiently (Te) wrong or disrupting harmony (Fe) or is unlogical (Ti.) 

OR

Give me your side/perspective then write down why you, yes, yourself, can be utterly wrong.

"So why is MBTI bogus?"

Rant end. Fe doms, you're next on my rant list.
Emerson and Ithaca would be NF schools, I think.I dated an ESTP (male, 7w8). He was rude, cold, unresponsive, and egoistical. He's really the only ESTP I've been close to, so it's possible I'm biased, but they're not really at the top of my list. I'll take a sweet ol' INFJ boy any day.I'm an ENFP and I am absolutely obsessed with Bob's Burgers. Tina, Louise, and Linda are three of my favorite fictional characters of all time. I see a LOT of myself in Linda. Kind of into Adventure Time as well, mostly BMO and Lumpy Space Princess.Probably Fi-doms."Cough Syrup" by Young the Giant. Just all the feels and all the cries.I love Charlie McDonnell, whom I'm fairly sure is also an ENFP (possibly INFP but leaning towards E.)Georgia Tech, perhaps? MIT? Probably one of the big tech schools!He classifies himself as an introvert (I can't remember the video!) but a lot of ENFPs initially think they're introverted. I dunno, I see lots of Ne in him the way he jumps from idea to idea. But then again I'm not the greatest typer in the world so you could be right too!Theoretically, your ideal partner is someone whose type is exactly the opposite from you except the second letter. So on paper your best match would be either an ISTJ (if you're an ESFP) or an INTJ (if you're an ENFP.) However, this is just how it's "supposed" to work -- my longest relationship was an ESTP and my ideal match is supposed to be INTJ!Definitely Instagram! (Although it's very infrequently used on the web and more often used on phones.)Difficult childhood. I've struggled with mental illness my entire life; I was born with a severe serotonin problem and suffered from psychosis as a child. Later developed anorexia and depression, reached a point where I wanted to die. My father is an ISTP and my mother an ENFJ, and I've always been incredibly close with both of them. I was lucky in that I had parents who loved me so unconditionally and tremendously that I was never truly alone. I didn't go through any other real hardships, but my battle with mental illness was horrible.

Now I'm pretty happy. I still struggle with body image issues (though I probably always will.) I am a college junior and I have a lot of friends and do a lot of volunteering, etc. I'm excited to see what's coming, though, because there's a big part of me that doesn't feel very fulfilled!This is a very difficult question for me. I value both tremendously, but I'm a musician with perfect pitch and a passion for music theory so I'm kind of inclined to say the music itself. (The NF in me is disappointed for not saying the lyrics!)"Tag, You're It" -- Melanie Martinez. It's in F minor, my favorite key.

"Happiness Everyday" -- The VLAThe WORST. I went home almost every weekend, cried a lot of times per week, and hated my roommates. I was pre-med (most impulsive and dumb decision I ever made) and got a B, a C, and two Ds. I was very close to transferring, actually. But I'm a senior now and I'm doing a lot better.

I'm glad to hear you're doing better now! I PROMISE that freshman year is the worst for absolutely everybody and is in no way indicative of how your college career will go. In spite of first semester freshman year being so shitty, I will absolutely look back on college with all the fondness in the world.Of course I don't mind! I'm a psychology and communications double-major, because what else would an ENFP major in? ;DIt’s very possible. Either that or an extremely introverted extrovert. I’m either one extreme or the other — I either wanna always be around a ton of other people at a big party or I wanna be by myself with absolutely nobody else. I think ultimately I’m a super introverted extrovert. I do get my energy primarily from others.Thanks so much for your reply! Definitely gave me a bit to think about.

Nothing was too personal \-\- there's not really such a thing with me, lol. I had and still have a tremendously close relationship with my parents. They're still together to this day, and they're my best friends in the world. They help me and laugh with me and talk with me and my family is probably the area of my life I lucked out in the most. Mom is ENFJ and Dad is ISTP, they're both textbook examples of their respective types.

I've definitely thought INFP before, too. I've always come back to ENFP at the end of the day, but ENFJ and INFP have always lingered in the back of my head too. I'm certain I'm an Idealist because I know that my intuition and feeling are my strongest functions \-\- I just relate so well to Ne and Ni and Fe and Fi, lol!Thanks for the response! I've considered ESFJ before but I'm pretty positive I'm an intuitive. (And thanks for the input on my previous question about smiling at homeless people! It's something I kind of deal with on a case by case basis.)It's weird \-\- I kind of float between "the mother who makes sure everyone's taken care of" and "the little kid who's amazed at everything all the time and needs some supervision so she doesn't get killed." I'm more so the latter among my closest friends, but those who don't know me as well would definitely say I'm the former.

I think passiveness is a BIG weakness (I have a very strong enneagram 8 fix) and I'm also a bit of a spotlight hog, so I definitely think the passiveness/self\-involvedness is a bigger weakness.Ed Sheeran seems like an introvert to me. Maybe that’s just me, though!Thank you!I don’t really know what that is so I had to look it up, but I would venture that ENTP would probably enjoy it most and ISTJ (or maybe Si-doms in general) would enjoy it least.You personally, not some "how would one react in a crisis I need advice" kind of question. Are you level-headed and logical, planning out your moves? Do you spring into action on impulse? Do you break down?

Please include your type as well! I'm interested to see if there's a correlation between type and what people do in emergency situations.I'm a 22-year-old ENFP, and I think I may be Ne-Te looping. I just have a few questions about it.

1. Does looping mean that your mental health is poor or that you're beginning to develop a function? Because I'm doing very well right now in my personal life so I'm hoping it's the latter; I know you're supposed to start developing your tert function around your 20s.

2. Are the following signs that I'm looping? 
I don't pursue as many of the ideas that I did when I was a bit younger because they don't seem "practical" or "realistic" to pursue. I'm also a bit drier in my personal life than I have been and am more concerned with finances and career matters (though this could be a result of graduating college in a few months...yikes!) I recently find myself being more concerned with thinking things out logically than I have been before, and I have far less tolerance and patience for bullshit and shitty reasoning. I always used to pride myself on being sentimental and caring, and I still am, but I find recently that I'm more inclined to think "this situation doesn't make any sense" as opposed to "I want to help you through this situation." I am good at seeing all the possible causes for a situation and I'm getting better at deducing which ones make the most logical sense.

Are these signs of looping and/or development of Te? Or are they signs that I may be mistyped? I definitely don't think I'm a Thinker, but I've toyed with the idea that I'm an ENFJ since I think I have Ne And Ni AND Fe AND Fi. (Yes, I know that's impossible, but they all seem a lot like me.)

Thanks for any help in advance!I have long accepted myself as an ENFP, but I'm starting to wonder if I'm actually an ENFJ. (Yes, I know they have no functions in common.)

I think a big portion of it is my development of Te (or at least what I THINK is Te if I'm in fact an ENFP). I'm 22 years old and I just graduated college, and for the last year or so I've been Miss Workaholic and Miss Career\-Focused. I make a ton of lists all the time and always want to know what's going on. On the other hand, I'm almost certainly either a 2w3 or a 3w2 so that could explain that aspect too. I take pride in always being on top of my shit, or at least looking like I am. I've been dating an INFP for a little over year and he is FAR more fluid and easygoing, and he has commended me for being so organized and well\-spoken and charismatic, especially to strangers. All of this makes me look rather J\-ish, particularly ENFJ\-ish.

I also tremendously appreciate structure and knowing what's going to happen \-\- one of the things I hate most in life is not having control over what is going to happen. I know that all of this is VERY anti\-ENFP. On the other hand, I've also had a severe anxiety disorder for most of my life and a big trigger for my anxiety is not knowing what's going to happen. I appreciate routine and structure far more than most ENFPs, which is another place my uncertainty about my type comes from.

I see a lot of Ne in myself from the way I acknowledge any and all situations as possibilities, and I'm also quite goofy and silly and shameless in my everyday dealings. I care tremendously about other people but consider myself an individualist who does what she feels is right \-\- not what others feel is right. All of these things point to ENFP, but my rigid need to know what's going on and my appreciation of routine make me feel as though I'm actually ENFJ.

I'm pretty sure I'm either so/sx or sx/so, if that's any help. Almost certainly sp\-blind.

Any and all help is appreciated. Thanks!That site is my stupid guilty pleasure and there's been a "login temporarily disabled for site maintenance" button on the login section for weeks. Any update on when that'll go away?I mean, I think leaders are necessary, and if someone’s willing to jump in I’m cool with it. It’s only the people who believe their agenda should be prioritized over the group agenda that bother me.I’m not sure I believe anything is ALL nature or ALL nurture. I think we are all shaped in some blend of nature and nurture, so I’d say both.
Depends on what the "it" is. 

Demonstrate that you're a broken example of human around an xNFP and don't expect to ever be promoted to proper human again in their eyes (without an exceptional demonstration of humanness)

Cut an xNFP off in traffic, expect few ramifications.Not at all funny to me. (enfp)You probably want to post the survey in each of the mbti subs, eg. I don't see many people from /r/enfp in /r/mbti&gt;...so many cross-posts would be okay, but it would probably be fine since the different subreddits have their own mod teams, right?

It should be fine - others have surveyed all the mbti subs before (and the worst likely outcome is being bored down and told not to do it again :D)

&gt;And what do you all think about posting the final version to the different team subreddits (r/pokemongomystic, r/pokemongovalor, etc.) in addition to r/pokemongo?

Why not! The Pokémon subs are so huge they must have tolerance for spam -- not that I think this is spammy, but spam is in the eye of the beholder :)If I'm posting here saying I'm an x but describing myself in a situation that shows I'm not, please tell me. 

If you don't want to tell me or think other people shouldn't tell me, do down vote them. Maybe it'll reform them :/Like I could define bits of an ideal partner.

Ideal partner is whatever ideal partner is.

What they do and like it's what they do and like and has no bearing on whether they are perfect for me.

They love film? I'll love seeing films with them.

They love sport? That'll be fun with them too.&lt;.&lt;Like chalk and cheese :)&gt;Wait wait, english is not my mother language so I am no good with slang, what does that mean? Is it bad? 

"They're chalk and cheese" means they are completely different to each other.

25quiz.com comes up with an adfly suspended page for me yet the licence link works&gt;stealing a bank

A whole bank? That'd be too heavy even for a very strong infj

Different groups of the enfp anarchy will ally with each of the other nations. 

Several more groups will do diverse unpredictable thingsSkipped straight to the bottom to find myself

I probably should find out who the adults are, but who really cares?Nerd kid.Also how can any nf be an adult? Sure they have a j, but they don't mean itAre we to attempt to guess your mbti type?Flow. When doing something I deeply understand and it becomes meditative. Getting in the groove. 

An example: writing some computer code in a language I've learned well - the time just vanishes, you look up and it's the next day and the code compiled first time 

Another: rowing a boat up a river, you hit the rhythm and next thing you know you're at the destination 

I guess that's the opposite of high though... Highs probably come from doing things for others and having chosen exactly the right thing to do for them 

(Enfp)No, I suck at guessing types :)/u/owlsymbolysm's advice works, but if you're on mobile you'll need to log in on the web based site to do it (or does the Reddit app support flairs? I use RIF)That 3rd edit - the test has terrible grammar. I suspect it's a copy of another test copied by someone with only a basic grasp of EnglishEvery time :) 

Edit: except this one.  

In 25 questions it told me:

50% ENFP

15% INFP

11% ENTP

10% ENFJ

3% ENTJ

Either I've learned how to get enfp or I've done the test often enough and told it I'm an enfp that I've warped it's sense of enfpdom

  Ah, it was machine translation :)

I opened it in Chrome this time so it told me it was translating!&gt;And by emotional I don't mean making decisions by emotions, I mean actually feeling them.  



Everyone feels deeply. The difference is in how we act (or don't act) on our feelings.

And feelings isn't really the right word for MBTI feelings

What makes the infp "feely" is the way they adjust their actions to ensure they feel right about all they do, before they do whatever they doAs an enfp I think that would minimise tearsNot as a surprise!

Like really don't tell me it's "because you can't stand the way ~~I~~ you *x* and it's over" when you've never mentioned *x* in the preceding years

edit: it's *them* speaking in the quotes!You'd think so. Speaking personally with a divorce behind me, I noticed my ex was unhappy, I tried to make her happy, she stayed unhappy. I thought "oh well, she's never been a big one for showing her feelings, perhaps its just we're older now and she's developed her resting bitch face" but it wasn't so. 

Then one day she was happy. Yay! Then a week later she left. 

Apparently "happy"* is a sign of "worked out what to do about the unhappy situation" :(

Even when you can read emotions, decoding them is hard. People are complicated.

I think it was post partum depression at the source of it all. I got off easier than other husbands with post partum depressed wives. Some get murdered. I got to keep custody of the toddler.

*Edit: "happy" after long unhappy, that isINFPs never will leave. Sabotage just makes it worse for youSo if everyone wants to be broken up with civilly, with an conversation about how things have gone wrong and a chance to fix things...


WHY THE FUCK DOES EVERYONE BREAK UP SO BADLY?!But you'd have to be a horrible person and get that horribleness past the INFP's notice!

I think I'd dislike you if you did something like that (and if I knew you)bad people are bad :(

And I'm totally on board with that sort of trampling of values (where their values involve controlling you and the trampling is you asserting your personhood)

(I'm glad RES sucks at updating its message indicator, or I wouldn't have gone to my inbox with nothing new and seen your edit! -- your earlier words included something like "an INFP's values aren't always objectively good" - I see where you're coming from now and I think I knew that in the back of my mind. An xNFP can have broken morals that they follow (Infp) or reflect on (Enfp))

Re-edit: Oh no! I've possibly put you in just the situation I narrowly avoided - editing possibly just after you've checked your notifications :( sorry if you never see thisJust be nice about it? Oh, and don't pretend it's forever if you don't expect it to be&gt;if you're a boring asshole

But if I'm a boring arsehole and you don't like boring arseholes... why are you with me? Surely you were enjoying it at some point? 

I can't see that you'd be lying saying "It used to be fun but we've grown apart. We don't have that relationship anymore so I'm leaving"But we're all in here saying how we would like to be broken up with -- that gives different answers to "how should I, a person, break up with this one, a cipher" and makes us (well, me) look disingenuous

Were I the ISFJ I'd really like to have been told what I was doing wrong some time in the past and now we're months later with problems persisting.

Then your answer is easy: say something like "I am not enjoying this relationship because of x; we don't seem to be able to fix x so I'm leaving/I'm kicking you out-here's your four weeks' notice"

If you haven't mentioned to them what the problem is the answer's the same, you're just less justified in saying "we don't seem to be able to fix it"Be nicer to us humans though? I guess I've been luckier or more perceptive or slower at committing to people or something :(&gt;If I agree with their morals

I'll wind up doing the wrong thing, and feel appropriately bad afterwards

&gt;If I disagree

There are degrees, from "I'll just not talk about *that*" through to "I'll just lose your number and never notice you again" or get snarky and annoy them away

But really that's people not just Fi's, just others are more willing to put the sharp edges of their moral compass aside (is a moral compass a north seeking compass with pointy edges or a circle drawing compass with a pointy end?):)&gt;~~What's with all the recent xstp amas on this sub?? :o~~

~~Probably a trend, someone did it, others thought it was a good idea~~

Indeed :)

I like them, although they seldom seem productive 

Ed: I just noticed this post (istp AMA) has been voted to zero. Someone doesn't like themHow ever did she know it was you and you were speaking of her? Did your parents not teach you of online anonymity!?Damn :( 

If ever anyone works out that in real life I'm psud my plan is to say "no, I'm just a good imitation of a psud" 

Ed: swypographical error (swypo?)It's why enfps do amas. 

Also, you oughtn't call those letters rude. They're just letters&gt;Because y'all are trying to mask your trauma

I've no specific trauma

&gt;by judging the crap out of everyone? 

We're not especially judgey except where a) it matters or b) it's funnyJohn's test also is the best at getting me too. Perhaps we're stereotypical enfps 

... is it really just John's ENFP or not test?!They're green?! :DOkay, I just got home and came back here on a bigger computer and turned on CSS and it's not green :'(

Brown for me, black for you.

I wonder what OP is!In Reddit is Fun all flairs are boring white text on greyAnd an enfp with no artistic talentAll types can be smart.

All types can be sociable.

All types can be everything

MBTI is preferences, not prisons&gt;Fun fact: people who think of themselves as above others are ...

They also are often found being mocked on /r/IAmVerySmart
Hmm. The Te type of nitpick is probably the sort I doPretty sure, maybe 67%?Why not, indeed!:DENFP is chaotic-yellowBeing one less fun than you'd think. Except for when it's more fun.

Perhaps it's usually about as much fun as you'd think[Home](https://imgur.com/gallery/dS8Kn)  ~~my flair may be fibbing~~ turned off flair :) 

Guess, criticise, praise! 

Ed: turned flair back on for answer Zig zags are an optionPixel xl :) 

Excellent phone with a nice camera. Doesn't fit in a hip pocket with headphones attachedI come out quite balanced on most tests, but based on the subreddit I spend most time in, you have the "P" more right and the "T" less right, and everyone thinks "I" but are mistook

The inspector dude is one of several wallpapers that rotate (the dude is star trek TNG's Data, playing Sherlock Holmes, from a star trek themed wallpaper collection by a YouTuber I support) :)enfp :)Except when it's extremeThe are a few Androids in here (my pixel screen is somewhere around this thread)20 minutes of re-reading about cognitive functions, and... I think so. If not Te heavy, Te-able :)Reading more: not so Te that I do a good simulation of Mr Data40 and not certain. I like thinking I'm an enfp though, and like the /r/enfp community so that's good enough for me 

I think I've been fairly stable personality-wise since my early twentiesPoor Myanmar

Ed. Oh, and Cambodia and Laos and BhutanI find it more to do with bread than personality

Perhaps being an enfp makes me careful not to fart in front of people, but not really get why people might be offended (smelly farts aside)&gt;?INFP - ...that’s cute, OP 💅 

They're even more broken than us (and have less fun being so)!Oy! ENFPs ain't plebsI have 21 tabs open on my phone. Some of them are the same as others:DI'm just biasedThat's why you love us, right!?ENxP feels the least satisfying wildcard

We wouldn't hide our 35 partners from each otherI bet the fibbing was to allow him to spend his "birthday" with each of his women, not especially for giftsYeah. I doubt all this was for birthday giftsYou'd have to keep notes, and keep them updated 🥺I don't think anyone has anything bad to say about enfpAccurate, but not bad ;)Oh come on, we're just exactly the right amount of dramatic!-- An enfp who's super pedantic when in that sort of mood (or tired)

Edit: so it's intps :)He can't. He no longer has an option.I think it's unfair. I only have 24 open on my phone

Maybe only three times as many on my computer

It's not like they use much memory now

Ed. Not so much dead inside as dead outside when no one's lookingLucky this place has mostly good shitposts!Dating everyone — I've had about one date that didn't lead to a serious relationship (and exactly one low connection one night stand, instigated by her, and what's a guy to do?), and three serious relationships over some 30 years of being over 16

I think our fault it's too quick too deep commitment once we've decided they're worth it rather than not committing

Perhaps those who think we're afraid of commitment are not great targets for our commitmentOn my phone: 46

Being a phone none are social media. That's all in appsI love that you can name what they are :)

I know one of mine is a list of camera lenses of which I think I might buy two, and the top one is a web comic artist's site that he just completely redid...You might want to edit your comment to put a backslash (\) between the 16 and the dot

Reddit thinks that a number and a dot at the start of a line is a numbered list and changes the numbers for you

(You're also not wearing a flair so we don't know what type to blame your tab addiction on unless you mention it)Coincidence, or have you found a way of moderating your tab usage?I think the biggest fault of MBTI is that the tests (official and otherwise) suck

To get a good answer you need to do a load of reading and questioning after using a test (all the tests!) to narrow it down to two or three

I think it's little wonder that people don't trust MBTI when they can do a test three times and get two or three different answers, especially if you're near the middle on a couple of the spectra that become dichotomies (like most of ENFP (most people, even) are ambiverts and tests will give you an I or E nearly at random if your answers are in the middle)I really don't like the idea of it being misused in the workplace, and that would be more common if good usage was more commonI think different types find different methods better or worse

I like [this test (John's personality test)](https://jupiter-34.appspot.com/) but mostly because it's quick and colourfulI don't really like the argument that the E/I is not really about intra/extrovertion

Perhaps it's true and it's just a coincidence that an intraverted first function makes a person intraverted in general, but it just makes me think the function stack model is less than perfect

But then ENFPs are known for not being especially extrovertedThere was a subreddit population graph for the sixteen mbti type subs on /r/dataisbeatiful recently and lots of people pointed out that it failed to match the population distribution of real life because:

1. Some types (notably introverts) are more attracted to Reddit
1. Some types (notably intuitives) are more likely to want to talk about MBTI

Places like this have a strong selection biasNo. Aside from all else you can only count those who comment, not those who silently read. That may well be correlated with typeLess strange when you consider introverts are way overrepresented on Reddit, and intuitives are more likely to care about abstract things like MBTI*Cough*[Population of the sixteen subs](https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/cfmpsq/oc_population_distribution_of_myers_briggs)

The first four are INxx; four of the next five are ENxx, with enormously smaller populations

Reddit and mbti each concentrate particular typesI will allow your odd definition of cool

🎵 

Oh Lord it's hard to be humble

When you're perfect in ev'ery way

Each time I look in a mirror

I get better looking each day

&amp;nbsp;

To know me is to love me

I must be one hell of a man

Oh Lord it's hard to be humble

But I'm trying as hard as I can

/🎵

-- estpSome of the shit you get when young fucks you up for a long timeI doubt it's uncommon though. Boys experiment and all that is needed is one boy who can get an erection and another willing to *play*I expect the downvotes are for playing the "younger you start the better" card

It's not a popular opinionAs someone with such an experience I'd argue against. It's closer to play than anything elseIt's also quite old, I learned it for a stage production in the '90s :)This one is funny (though I think we're laughing *at* op, not with him)You will become old enough to refer to well past decades soon enough. Unless the chlamydia gets you first ;)I just found out it's called "It's hard to be humble" lots of country singers have sung it and it's on YouTube. 

They sing it better than IDamn you. Reddit is much more fun than work

Cute avo thoughPerhaps she represents hot quite well

I don't see it thoughGrock is a word from Robert Heinlein's novel *Stranger in a strange land*

It approximately means to perfectly understand

Edit to add: [OSP chose this moment to upload a summary of stranger in a strange land](https://youtu.be/3jAkplrZci0)It's not just you. I'm a male enfp and I have been distracted at just the wrong moment and left my (?esfj?) friend waiting for twenty minutes minutes without good reason. Only a few times though. Less often now with self isolation and craving companyIf you put a backslash (\\) between the number and the dot your numbers will work better

Eg.

5\. The fifth point

Made by doing 5\\. otherwise Reddit autofucks your numbers whenever you do something that doesn't conform to "ordered list"I'm an enfp and I spreadsheet things. Not things about people though"everyone else"

I guess it depends on the projectI have no idea how one would work out that they were a sensor; I had to spend time in several candidate subreddits to work out I was likely enfp, but there is so few xsxx people on RedditHa, no thanks! &lt;3NP is a little too broad for this meme

-- enfpI just searched rule 34 enfp, figuring it'd be a sure bet

Closest I found was an entp discussion on rule 34Because many humans are hornyBetween this and it's parent, someone is mistyped🎵 

Oh Lord it's hard to be humble

When you're perfect in ev'ery way

Each time I look in the mirror

I get better looking each day

To know me is to love me

I must be one hell of a man

Oh Lord it's hard to be humble

But I'm doing the best that I can

/🎵

-- an entp&gt;She probably got excited about making you mad

That strikes me as a poor strategy when datingThey did click itHa! Peaceful. Not if I have anything to do with it!Like a stream running over rapidsBullshit. This EN is damn near uselessI think we probably left that road way earlyHow about this wiki copypasta:

Etymology[Edit](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/w/index.php?title=tumultuous&amp;action=edit&amp;section=2)

From [Old French](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_French) [tumultuous](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/tumultuous#Old_French) (modern [French](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_language) [tumultueux](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/tumultueux#French)), from [Latin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latin) [tumultuōsus](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/tumultuosus#Latin) (“restless, turbulent”), from [tumultus](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/tumultus#Latin) (“disturbance, uproar, violent commotion, tumult; agitation, disturbance, excitement”)[[1]](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/tumultuous#cite_note-1) + [-ōsus](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/-osus#Latin) (suffix meaning ‘full of, prone to’ forming adjectives from nouns).

Pronunciation[Edit](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/w/index.php?title=tumultuous&amp;action=edit&amp;section=3)

([Received Pronunciation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Received_Pronunciation)) [IPA](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Wiktionary:International_Phonetic_Alphabet)([key](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:English_pronunciation)): /tjʊˈmʌl.tjʊ.əs/

([General American](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_American)) [IPA](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Wiktionary:International_Phonetic_Alphabet)([key](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:English_pronunciation)): /t(j)uˈmʌl.tʃu.əs/, /-ˈməl-/

Audio (AU)

([file](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/File:en-au-tumultuous.ogg))

Hyphenation: tu‧mult‧u‧ous

Adjective[Edit](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/w/index.php?title=tumultuous&amp;action=edit&amp;section=4)

tumultuous ([comparative](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Glossary#comparative) [more](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/more#English) tumultuous, [superlative](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Appendix:Glossary#superlative) [most](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/most#English) tumultuous)

Characterized by [loud](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/loud), [confused](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/confused#Adjective) [noise](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/noise#Noun). [from mid 16th c.] quotations ▼Synonyms: [noisy](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/noisy#English), [uproarious](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/uproarious#English), see also [Thesaurus:noisy](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Thesaurus:noisy#English)

Causing or characterized by [tumult](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/tumult); [chaotic](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/chaotic), [disorderly](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/disorderly), [turbulent](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/turbulent). [from mid 16th c.] quotations ▼Synonyms: [riotous](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/riotous#English), [tempestuous](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/tempestuous#English), [tumultuary](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/tumultuary#English), see also [Thesaurus:disorderly](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Thesaurus:disorderly#English)

Antonyms[Edit](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/w/index.php?title=tumultuous&amp;action=edit&amp;section=5)

[untumultuous](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/untumultuous#English)

(characterized by loud, confused noise): see [Thesaurus:quiet](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Thesaurus:quiet)

(causing or characterized by tumult): see [Thesaurus:calm](https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/Thesaurus:calm)I'm pretty sure that's inaccurate for this enfpWhy is only infp labelled?I spotted enfp, but don't know the others. Disappointed.LolI was going to go with "I'm not childish, you are, nur nur ne nur nur &lt;raspberry&gt;"Sorry about all that, I was in a crappy mood last nightThat seems sensible and efficient and dull as :)Clean clothes go in the basket and then basket gets upended on the bed, otherwise clothes would never ever find their way into wardrobes and draws&gt;*just a facade*

Just? Don't minimise it!You can click the survey to see the actual results, but yeah, it's ~100 votes for tea and ~40 for shakes/smoothies. Coffee was thirdPeople can get tribal over the big 5 too. Science doesn't like mbti because it is unreliableI think the sixteen personality avatars helped me think I might be an infp. I am not an infpThe ocean is fine, you just need to ensure the body stays sunk. One foot turns up in a beach and your effort is less than perfectly successful

Ed to note: this is the last sub I expected to see a best body disposal thread inWhat about the traditional lime pit?Can only a couple of pigs manage a whole person? People are pretty fat now on average&gt;and don’t throw into a body of water without bricks or something to weigh down the carcass so decomposition can’t cause it to surface.

People suck at that one anyway. Just a week or two ago a bit of a body washed up on an Aussie beach from insufficient sinkingYou're a good bot, but I think we can trust people to find Bibles in their ownOh might be the I bit, but not the NFP, I reply to everything but scamsFiNe vs NeFiFor future reference: mice is plural, mouse is the singular - one mouse, two mice

Except for computer pointing devices, they sometimes pluralise as mousesI have hi fi, I use it for playing music

My medium fi makes me a bit neuroticI don't believe any of those things but all are fun to some extentWe'll take you on r/enfp, if you can put up with the selfiesShyness is not the same thing as introversion, you can be a shy extravertThere is always a reason, occasionally it doesn't matter though, or isn't worth uncovering, but go ahead, tell me when you find it, but please don't look for it on paid timeDogecoin is intrinsically low value, the only reasons to promote it are large personal holdings that you want to realise, or trolling - enjoying the ability to manipulate people into spending money on something worthless

They seem to believe those reasons are not good enough for their type. I don't know enough about that type to judge, but I wouldn't promote it if I couldWe can admire your qualities and ignore your faults ;)Because people follow the styles they like. Do you also complain about English singers singing in American?MBTI only has better memes because it already won before the internet by being both fun and adopted by business13 hours later:

...I wouldn't be annoying to someone I dislike. Dosed annoyance is for friends who can tolerate it. Disliked people aren't worth spending any effort on

Disliked people are just never directly addressed

In the moment that they become disliked through unforgivable* offence we deploy our nastiest assessment of something of them or their things

Might not rescue them if I see them drowning**

*pro tem

\*\*I'm not employed as a life guard, if I were, I would rescue them and possibly tell them I only did so because of duty***

***I am thinking about a particular person who makes me glad I am not a life guardClearly the intj subreddit and opinions on the intjness of the members of that subI dispute enfp being so much to the straight end of that question

I would expect enfps to ignore social rules and fuck all sorts - at least I think it is related to my type that I consider myself bi and have had partners of at least two genders and exactly two sexes

I don't really think either of those last two have anything to do with typeI don't think either of straightness and libido are related to type

Possibly related questions that could be related to type are 

&gt;Most likely to be in the closet

and

&gt;Most likely to have many partners[John's personality test](https://jupiter-34.appspot.com/) was the best one at getting me right a few years agoBut you also don't wear a type flairI waited until I found myself relating a story from an mbti subreddit to herNow tell that to an infpYou seem to have chosen, but John's test is in my copy-paste buffer: https://jupiter-34.appspot.com/You should. There are good conversations to be had with people you don't often see, just so long as the host will turn down the music so we don't lose our voices talking over itI'm a "systems analyst" - I design software based on requirements from business (as opposed to systems) areas

The job is mostly translation between business and IT, turning business requirements into designs that programmers can understand; explaining the intent of changes to programmers, explaining system limitations to business, trying hard to not promise changes that are too difficult to build, managing expectations (getting business to agree to a minimal product while trying to deliver a better product so as not to disappoint if we fail to deliver best (side effect is we look really good when we do deliver best!))

I think this job only exists in large organisations, smaller ones rely on programmers who can understand the business people and don't mind documenting their own products. I'm in a public service job, working for a government agency

In agile development methodology, my job sits in the designer rolePay attention in manual handling training; I had a baggage handler neighbour with a back injury who said it was common in the industry. You don't want a back injuryPharmacy sounds like one of the less stressful jobs of a hospital - sensible hours evenWe only love you because you're perfect

(Speaking for all enfps)Good botWe'll keep you, you seem niceA collection of variants of the English language local to the North American continent and especially the country America, cast as if it were a different language
I got Free Spirit!This was an interesting survey.ENFP; Social, Musical, LanguageI feel like this too; it sucks. And anytime I have tried to be confident, it's like everyone gets all surprised and squashes me back down to shut me up.ENFP here. I feel introverted a lot because I have no confidence, I have horrible anxiety. In general I've always felt lost and stuff amongst everyone else, sort of. 

I go between being bothered by people and wanting to be around them -- and I want to be around them more, but I feel like nobody understands me.I've been exercising a lot lately too, for at least two weeks now. I've managed to keep up with it and I'm impressed with myself, and I've even noticed a bit of a change in myself. I'm actually sticking with a routine, and then changing that routine (certain types of exercise), and I'm still able to do it.I do the same thing. After a long day at work I often need to be alone to recharge, or even at a gathering.ENFP here. Struggling with (undiagnosed) anxiety and lately depression. 

* Anxiety has been happening since my late teens and worsening in recent years.

* Depression on and off since I was a pre-teen/teenager. It's just always there.I feel you. For me, it's a mixture of both, the depression makes me want to be alone. I've opened up before but nobody really understands, I feel. I feel like my depression isn't real -- but I feel disinterested in things, I shift interests. I want to get rid of everything I own and have nothing. I feel *different*, I don't feel like everybody else. I've always felt that way, I don't know what it is.I feel like that, too. I've been pretty lucky in life, I guess. I've never had any real hardships. So I don't feel like my issues are real, but I loathe when people say to me "other people have it worse than you" like... stop. Everyone has their issues, and I know this, but I always feel like mine are meaningless.Easy AThanksNor is it someone's actual, full personality.I need alone time to recharge.I do, I think it's neat.I've gotten INFJ, and then also ENFP-Ne.I cry a lot at movies/television, but sometimes I feel no emotion or almost want to laugh, at a serious real-life situation. I'm not sure why.Haha! I'm not stone cold per se, but I just find myself.. not reacting appropriately to things. (I've been told I'm a pretty warm person, apparently.) There are certain situations where I don't need to cry, but I cry anyways. But that's just my anxiety; I've always been an anxious person.I'm not really religious. I've flirted with it before, but it's just not for me. I don't know what I believe in.
"not much good can be said about the ENFPs" 

summed up my life right thereRobin Williams for ENFPWherever my friends/boyfriend sit

I'm simpleHey it's me

Recklessness personifiedI never even thought of that, that makes a lot of sense
Your flair disagrees with your last statementthose descriptions make it seem like all relationships are highly problematic except those where the two involved have completely flipped functionssome of my grandparents are ISTJs and they are pretty cool people. we can have civil discussions together about, for instance, the state of the world and recent events. it can sometimes be a bit frustrating when they pretty much force me to act a certain way because it's polite or it shows respect. I understand most of it, but some things, such as not putting one's elbows on the table or to always ask nicely and thank people for every little thing; those things are a bit annoying. nothing major thoughI would definitely replace my body parts and organs that are most prone to failure such as my lungs, my heart, my legs and my back as soon as possible. When your organs are made of metal and wiring, no more cancer, muscle atrophy, or tissue damage. Only side effect might be that my body now could be hacked which doesn't sound like fun but that's a fair trade for practically immortality.I'm an ENFP and I got 88%Hank Green: ENTP

John Green: INFP

Michael from Vsauce: INFP

Kevin from Vsauce 2: ENTP

Jake from Vsauce 3: ENFP

CGP Grey: INTJ

Brady from Numberphile: ENFP

Yahtzee from Zero punctuation: INTJ

Mike from Idea Channel: INTPwhat do you mean? if i think they are intuitives i will type them as intuitives. i'm not going to type one as sensor just to even the playing field. if you have any arguments as to why any of these people are sensors, i'll gladly hear themhe's never really been portrayed as an incredibly energetic person so i feel like he's most likely an Introvert. also, i sort of compared him to John green who has typed himself as an INFP and i think they act and behave pretty similarly to each other, but you could most definitely be right. Michael was the one i was the least certain faboutYou do share Fi and Te just do you knowpossibly Jake Roper of Vsauce 3sometimes i spend money on stuff! i must be an INFP!''jack of all trades, master of none but better than a master of one'' is the full quote by the way[ENFP](http://i.imgur.com/4gzIo4k.jpg)My highscore is 3 gun kills and 2 knife kills in a row. I would have topped it last month if it wasn't for me forgetting the rifle at home and having to rely solely on my handgunI'm creative, inspirational, charismatic and I am probably the happiest person you know. I make life look easy because I never feel stress and if I am sad, I am sad at home where no one can see me.I'm an ENFP and I've been keeping a journal for a year and a half now. in it, I usually write about major events that have happened to me, my subsequent reflection upon them, and other observations I have about the world, people, and myself. I don't have a set frequency that I make new entries. sometimes I write daily, sometimes I don't write for a month, but I always come back when I feel like I have something to write.

I like to think that I'm writing for the future me. I keep this journal as a record of my thoughts and philosophies right now in my life, and I've made it a habit that every new\-year I revisit all my previous entries and add comments on them from my new, older perspective. it's a very clear way to see progress in maturity and development.

some examples of recent entries are: ''My Greatest Motivation'', ''My Excessive Caution'' ''Book Review: Fahrenheit 451'', ''My Social Fears'' etc.If your entries from long ago don't make you cringe, you're doing something wrongI'm looking to sail towards the elusive islands of happinessGlobal warming, ENFPENFP here and I'm usually seen as the most structured and organised person in most of my friend groups. When it comes to activities I always want things planned in detail long beforehand so that I can properly add it to my mental schedule. My days are often very planned out as well with stable routines and ritualsFi is useless, 

Fs are not as smart, 

Ss are not as smart, 

''i don't like [type] because they are [oversimplified trait]'', 

''I want to be a thinker because feelings are useless'', 

''I want to be [type] because they are [oversimplified trait]'',

''Tell me exactly how this one [type] I know thinks'',

''does the [type] I like like me?'',

''[type] usually aren't interested in [subject anyone could be interested in]'',

''it is a [type] thing to [normal human behaviour]'',

you gotta understand, people, that the MBTI/Jungian typology as it stands currently is a very, maybe not flawed but, incomplete personality categorization system if it even should be called that. it would be more accurate to call them cognitive types instead of personality types. my point is that there are countless subjects that the typology doesn't touch that some people would consider more important when you categorize people based on personality than if they have their morals internally or externally, such as:

interests,

intelligence,

opinions,

moral code

&amp; self-esteem just to name a few.

also, a question for you people reading this. do you think there physically is a difference in brain function, wiring, structure or whatever, between the types? not a fluid one; of course there are differences between us, but a binary difference between cognitive functions where you can cleanly group people into one of the two with next to no overlap? I personally don't actually believe there are such things as cognitive functions, or at least not in the way typology describes it. I believe we humans (or the group of humans that created this system I should say) found a clever way to categorize people that mostly worked well and went with it. psychology theories change all the time but from what I understand, this typology theory hasn't changed much or at all for quite some time. I'm not saying that completely discredits it, but shouldn't it be refined over time? shouldn't the fact that it has stayed the same for so long be seen as a red flag?
[She'll always be my favourite ENFP...](https://youtu.be/A9HJ7imNpL8)
I think delta's are the most honest types. A little biased, so take my words with a grain of salt.

I think Ni-Se and Fe-Ti both tend to devalue the truth. Ni-Se can value erasing history (Fahrenheit 451 is a book about Se gone wild, for instance) and sacrifice something small (like exact details) for a concept that they believe in. Fe-Ti is known to bend truth toward receiving the desired impact from the individual/keeping the individual comfortable which more often than not lends one to white lies.This is dumb. Implication is that only NTs could have reasonable or rational opinions on politics. Re-evaluate your understanding of MBTI.ESFJs mistype as ENFPs all the time.Anything low S.You're both perceiving types, meaning you're constantly producing content, yet neither of you are dedicating time to consuming and absorbing the content. You don't value his contributions (the literal observations you described) and he like wont value your Ne inspired contributions. You'd be much more satisfied with an xSFJ.

And here's the thing about N-S relationships. There usually has to an external factor creating the bond, and then there can be depth and psychological balance (namely through duals). For instance, many of my close friends are intuitive and I naturally seek out and value intuitive contributions and opinions. I rarely "get deep" with sensors, and thats largely because it's easy for me to brush them off and consider them boring. Yet in certain relationships--duals for instance--there is a really strong psychological balance to be had, because of their inclination to take care of certain stressful aspects for you.I see where you're coming from. In essence, I'm not advocating that one adapt to a society by becoming more independent. Rather, I'm saying that because the society values independence we have a hard time being dependent on each other, which is something critical in A.) forming relationships and B.) forming duality relationships.

Like, I'm the same tho. I've got to develop my Si to succeed in this world as much as it agonizes me. &gt;Is that bad in any way?

Given one believes that independence and autonomy are always good values, no not at all. I don't believe that they are always good values, as implied in my statement.

&gt;Hasn't died out, more demanded than ever. Demand will narrow down due to the rise of AI, but specializations will always be needed.

That's a fair critique; oversight generalization on my part.Thanks! Looks neat. :)Trying to understand what about Monet and Van Gogh apparently screams Alpha. Any scenery painting feels Delta to me. That &amp;amp; the impressionist/post-impressionist movements are definitely Ne.Analyze speech and text. Behavior isn't going to tell you much.You're being unnecessarily aggressive in response.You're being rude.According to this post, you're certainly an Ne user (xNxP). You break off into tangents of unnecessary information pretty often, rather than simply stating the problem, which is pretty emblematic of the group. As far as Fi or Ti, I'd like to see how you answer the questions posed to you. Not getting a strong read in either direction.You're right in the sense of implying that it's above and beyond the confine of MBTI. 

That being established, I consistently struggle in my consistency when it comes to the maintenance of schedules/plans/organizing, etc. Its something I deliberately target, yet is incredibly difficult for me to actually solve, which is what I believe OP is looking for advice on. I think you're INFP because your writing style seems indicative of inferior Te.Explain about the inferior Ne?Very scattered, no direct structure, lots of anecdotes and unnecessary information.He generalizes far too much to be an S. It's probably one of the most irritating/polarizing things about his personality.I see what you're saying, but I'm simply saying he talks in a manner that misses a lot of nuance. He's probably some sort of Ne dom. 

Edit: just caught a typo on the original comment, lmaoHe's right.

Petty of you to demonize him publically. Such an obvious attempt to rally others to your side. Already annoying that you gave up attempting to make your point as it stands.

Either way, you're wrong; what he means by comfort-oriented is that Si dom's tend to be very doubtful of the future due to inferior Ne. As a result, an Si dom is more likely to stick with what they know than deviate from it.

Source: my brother is an Si dom, and I'm an ENFP. It's a pretty obvious distinction between us both The United States of America is a society that prides itself on it's independent and free individuals. The culture and society is rather fragmented, easily noticeable in the disconnected and impersonal interactions of the members of the society. Mind you, I'm speaking in broad strokes as certain niches and pockets of the United States are certain to be exempt. I live in California and it's the values of independence and freedom are particularly strong. Coming from a culture that values a more communal and less independent approach--I find myself lapsing into American modes of behavior and interaction. Yet most importantly, I feel the compulsion to be own, fully autonomous individual. As I'll explain, this is considerably problematic in the search for dual relationships. 

Another component of the United States, especially now, is the valuation of polarization and echo chambers. It's common to unfriend those who disagree with you and cultivate certain spaces entirely to your own choosing. It's the luxury of the internet. All the choices one could want to optimize the valuation of personal ideals. 

I find myself constantly referencing my own opinions and desires into planning my future. It seems only natural to consult the self and decide based on the desires of the self. Yet, in doing so, I'm implicitly feeding an echo chamber; minimizing discomfort and potential frustration. This isn't how one ever feels when making all these choices, but it is the end result. What manifests is a stagnant feeling; a comfortable reduction to ones own spheres of interest, often readily under our control. With these spheres comes an implicit ideology--a function of their choice and reducible back to you and your personal desires. After all, the external is often a reflection of what is manifestable of the internal. Because of these choices and this implicit echo chamber, we're ultimately avoiding vast regions of culture that would challenge our psychology.

The relationship of duality (Socionics, I know) is one that is considered to be harmonious. Each individual values components that the other lacks; thus, in their togetherness, they are made to be holistic and balanced. The Ne-dom who finds discomfort in Si maintenance is able to be comforted by an Si-dom who finds comfort in such maintenance. And vice versa. It is stable because the strengths of one individual are used to ease the weaknesses of the other. 

In understanding the ideal of duality in creating a harmonious and pleasant psychological balance, we must understand that there is a critical aspect to the harmony. The submission of weakness to another. Freedom and independence do not tolerate this weakness; they advise the individual to work harder and to push through their incompetencies, as psychologically inconvenient as they may be. This ideology postulates that individual is autonomous and the individual is made whole. Yet, MBTI and Socionics disagree, articulating or implying (at the very least) that there are valued components and devalued components; there are strengths and there are weaknesses. Thus, it's extremely important that the ideology one has are addressed. 

I believe this is a small aspect of why the Millennial generation is crippled with anxiety. All of their success is fully and completely dependent on their own personal success. Thus, one must be well-rounded and able to move beyond their weaknesses in order to be truly successful. With so much choice available at every intersection in life, whether it be music, television, friendships, beliefs, passions, etc. one is able to pick and choose and effectively exclude. Again, this creates an echo chamber. The individual is never exposed to areas that would leave them vulnerable and weak, for that would bring immense discomfort. Instead, to grow one must take deliberate action to move themselves out of the realm of comfort. Yet, what if one should desire to focus on aspects of myself where I am truly skilled; to find duality and to thrive off of each others gifts? It's the realm of specialization that I fear has died out in many respects.

As an example: As an Ne-dom I'm driven to ideation and not often follow-through. With an Si-dom counterpart, the follow-through might come much easier, as I will have seceded that aspect to another person, allowing me to focus on what I'm best able to. 
That's pretty much exactly what I felt watching this video made me pretty angry. She's obviously trying to make him angry so she can post this on social media as  like "this crazy uber driver". &gt; ENFPs - Believing their own bullshit, which is mainly that they're a manic pixie dream girl, and then using it as an excuse to be drama queens and sluts who blame everyone else for that fact

Who hurt you?
Hopeful&gt; highly caffeinated instrumental

That description describes their style unexpectedly well :DI guess that's why they say INFJs and us are our soul mates, 100% agreement on what you said :):(ENFP: Music, Math, Social

I guess I've never been the stereotypical ENFP, majoring in mathematicsDid we have a field of work by mbti kind of thread already? Would be interesting to see what different personalities end up doing for a living :)
- ENFP
- Against Brexit
- Too many reasons to list. The political cloud in the UK has gone to shit. Leave voters had no plan. Brexit was put in place by our (soon to be former) Prime Minister to earn votes from the far right with the promise of a referendum, which he didn't think would pass. Has caused economical failure, accelerated violet patriotism and xenophobia. This is not the Britain I love.I get irritated when they constantly lean on how they're the ~rarest type~, allegedly. In my workplace, 70% of people tested as INFJ. I just don't understand where the rarity idea comes from when I know -so many- of them! I've never known so many people of one type! Ah! I see! Well, I was always a remain supporter no matter what. The outcome just sort of made it very clear that I was right in being firm with my choice. Pre-Brexit, I was in because the out campaign used fear mongering tactics to win voters over, about issues that are just... not issues at all in the United Kingdom. Let's look at the first and foremost reason why people voted leave, to tackle immigration. Now, in the UK, we have a conservative government and they are the sour little weasels when it comes to telling fibs about statistics, spendings and cuts. Essentially, they cut a tremendous amount of work in our healthcare service and in other public sectors of the country. Rather than looking at the main problem for our decline in public service funding (the bank crisis of 2008 and countless cuts the government make on public spaces), they point their fingers to immigration and the naive public are easily swayed by that. I hope that answers your question!Drink &amp; dance!!!!! Chat! Socialise!!omg I love your username! (I also heart INTJs!)
I believe Judeau is an ENFP.  First, He *initiated* contact when Guts was faraway introverting and everyone else was celebrating. He got charisma, allowing him to be as social as he wanted to. Remember when he asked Guts about Casca and how he was shipping both? And when he was able to accurately describe why he knew that Griffith was not going to end up with Casca? Reading the mood and grabbing others' shoulders to tell them that they shouldn't speak. And calling himself a jack of all trades is what settled him as an ENFP. No one can xD
Archer from Fate Stay Night is my sarcastic and logical side. It's how I act when I am too tired and my Fi shuts down.

Subaru - Re:zero. His cheeriness. The way he perceives things. How he dramatize everything. How he gets so happy when talking about the future and the positive way he sees it. How he sucks his feelings and emotion hiding them from everyone. How he act when under stress. Some people type him as an ESTP but I can't help relating to him in every single aspect 


Naotsugu - Log Horizon. The random guy from the group. How he is not afraid of talking about pervy stuffs. Always smiling and acting as the goof keeping an upbeat mood while also being reliable and matureI felt as if I was having an interview when she wanted to know more about me. I was met with a barrage of questions that really got me by surprise ._. I think that an Introvert would really have a hard time with she; her Te was fireDo you overwhelm them or is it the other way around?Te - Sometimes a little voice at the back of my consciousness says "do  the dishes" , "close your tabs" "read the long ass tutorial" and I actually go and do it without a second thought. Also, when I am in a group of people and we don't get to decide what to do, I step up and start taking decisions. 

Si - Well... I am brushing my teeth after eating lunch everyday so I guess I am getting good at it :'DThe ENFP is missing D:&lt;Damn, that's social anxiety right there xD I dunno, I try to play it cool at each class. Either way, I always get to classes 10-15 mins late cause of work so I tend to sit on the closest chair after I get into the classroom xDBeautiful! Same here! He even came here to DR! He was so awesome that I was basically singing Sad Machine at the top of my lung when he played it hahaha. 

I was sure he was an IXFJ but what I wasn't sure of was the N/S. I was not able to determine how "abstract" his way of seeing and speaking was. Can you?Hippie! Yay! hahaha Well, it would certaintly make sense seeing how similar your dad and your lil brothers act. I will try to notice this with my friends, sounds like an interesting experiment.

I guess that your next step would be how they can have more control of their inferior Ni (?)&gt; minds work seems kind of alien to me).

Really? What exactly do you see as alien? Cause to me, the way they take their decisions, how they perceive their surroundings and how they react to them seems very simple to me, and I don't mean simple in a bad way, it just seems not complex at all. Oh, well... prolly it's because of my Ne-Fi that allows me to put myself in their feet. That could also be an area of improvement for you! To develop your erhm... empathetic skills (?)ENFP dad and ISFJ mom. Gotta thanks my mom for helping me develop my organizational skills and be more responsible. Oh! And for showing how to love by the act of service &lt;3Love this anecdotes hahaha Thanks. It was a great exampleDefThe girl must definitely be an INTX and the dog an EXFJI thought the same thing as Aleconquistador but he definitely is a Ti-dom. I can see how he is always talking about his honor and how he always try to have fights with only strong opponents shows some kind of "internal protocol and structured system" when it comes to battles. The STJs one resembles the ESTJs I know *cringe*&gt; It's micro patterns. Mannerisms. Excitability about certain things. Memes and stereotypes apply.

EXACTLY. One have to actually observe to notice these. 

On another note, your description of us ENFPs is so true that it is painful hahaErhm, what? Dr. Strange INFJ? I can't really agree. He is a textbook ESTJ. Perhaps, this analysis might be useful http://funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com/post/152769655763/doctor-strange-stephen-strange-estj . He could also be an ENTJ but generally speaking, ENTJs are more prone to envision the future.

Also, here is a piece of how ESTJs perform under stress which shall remind us a lot of how Strange was acting after the accident:

&gt; Minimal Stress: When stress begins to arise the ESTJ will attempt regain order in their external environment. They will become very focused on getting the job done and attempt to create a sense of structure. They may attempt to impose this order on the people around them in hopes of creating a sense of efficiency and community. **They will attempt to follow their sense of structure and follow through with the methods that have worked well for them in the past.**

&gt; High Stress: Under high levels of stress the usually structured and practical ESTJ may become more emotionally focused. The ESTJ may become focused on their own internal emotions and attempt to find moral reasoning to their problems. **They may lose sight of their sense of structure and rules, and desire to follow their emotional needs instead.** They may become very hard on themselves and begin to feel disconnected from society and their loved ones. They may even seem more withdrawn and avoid their usual social engagements. They will no longer be as capable of making objective decisions and will apply moral and emotional aspects to them. **They will become very defensive and too focused on the present moment. They may lash out at their loved ones and attempt to force them to fix the problems at hand.**Exactly. I stopped reading when I got there I was also waiting for that :(That Fi... That Fi is spot on, wow. hahahaha sounds like something I would do but... in the middle of my drawing during class I would probably drop it cause I realized I am missing something and I would get disappointed and the project would go to the back of my mind... I thought that Jonathan was an INTJ You missed a "dammit, sometimes I hate myself" at the end. All the time then? Hahaha&gt; and even when they aren't speaking their eyes even show it

Thank you for noticing it :')WowI read somewhere that if you need to remember the functions correctly you just gotta see the last letter and from there you can determine with what function they do extroversion. For instance we have:

* intP - uses the extroverted Perceiving function Ne
* istJ - uses the extroverted Judging function Te
* enfJ - uses the extroverted Judging function Fe
* isfP - uses the extroverted Perceiving function Se&gt; "Dude I hate mushrooms. Could never stand them."
&gt; "I used to be the same, but then a couple years back I tried this dope mushroom sauce on a steak at Buttfuck McGee's Steakhouse and now I love em."

I can identify with this! It's true. This made realize that what I constantly forget to do is to be good at empathizing! It's really not that ok to let the other person do all the talking; I can also relate to what he is saying from my own experience! It's just a matter of doing it at the moment you feel is the best and the words shall flood out of my mouth easily. 

Thank you~! :DYou know, I was going to argument that I am always interested but to be honest, lately I think that I am being interested just for the sake of being interested. Like it's not being genuine. Using an analogy, I feel as if I was a cyborg designed to show interest, but that interest deep down is not really honest. It just shows so that I can get closer to the person and form a bond that ironically, it ends up being superficial to me since deep down I was not that attracted to the person that much or there wasn't any spark at that moment.Woooooow. Such an interesting read! Thank you a lot, man.Oh, that's true. But, why are you stating that? Replying to my last reply or to what I said in my post? Sorry, not understandingIt is true but you are also failing to see one little thing that goes about those two bullets: our interest in the person, whatever the reason is, it's genuine. I am going to quote this extract:

&gt; Don’t be fooled entirely by an ENFP’s interest in you, though. ENFPs are genuinely interested in people, but are also very interested in patterns of social behavior. ENFPs are a social scientist. They don’t need formulas and charts to be keep track of their findings. Information on the motivations and needs of people are constantly being added to the interior laboratory of ideas. ENFPs will often uses themselves as a crucible to determine the value and weight of others inner world. They will subtly test their subjects with questions and actions designed almost subconsciously to provoke a response. The split nature of the ENFP is to be involved and at the same time uninvolved, observing their ‘subject’ not unlike protozoa under a microscope. 

We sometimes like to talk with people and get to know more about them cause we are interested in the patterns or motivations that we can learn from them. I was talking about this the other day with my INTJ friend on how rarely I go lenghts talking about myself and how I prefer to be the listener and ask questions. It's not actually because I am interested in how are you faring or whatever. It's that by asking questions I get to know aspects from your life. How you take decisions, how has your experience with any given subject have been, your thoughts on whatever abstract topic we boarded, you name it. And from all this, I learn a lot. Getting laid or getting emotional reciprocation comes later :)For your number two point I just have to tell you this: there is something called "being polite". I don't know what it has been your experience, but when I am having a conversation with someone, given conversation usually dies since the person does not even try to carry it on! Oh, but if I start asking questions and prodding into the person's life the conversation can last even hours. You would normally think that at the end of the one-sided conversation/monologue, you will be asked some questions as well. You know, to show some interest in you since that would be the educated thing to do. But um-um. It really does not happen. SMHGiving it some thoughts, I realize that it's something so basic when it comes to human communication yet I always forget to empathize and I end up using almost all of my energy to listen to the other person, instead of using the ball when it is in my side of the court. It's true. Thank you for the solid advise.

Btw, I think that my issue could somehow be related to me being an asker maybe (?) http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Asking_and_declaringIf you had read my post you would realize that I already do that and I don't say much which is the point of my post 😅But I don't! That's what I am saying. I *don't* talk. I suck at taking the initiative and talking about myself. Could it be any issue, good thing that happened to me, something that I lost, something that I was not able to achive, something awesome that I purchased, you name it. I hate that I have to force myself to speak and the reason why I am here asking how I can be more interesting. Am I too campy? Probably too enthusiastic? Am I not smiling enough or probably I am smiling too much? Trying to figure out what am I or not doing that no one ever is interested in trying to know me when I show genuine interest in them. I can't stop being intrigued by other's people life. I cannot fake that nor stop it. Reduce it? Yes, of course. I give myself a lot of alone time, yet no one ever ask me anything when I do it for them... I am giving too much and receiving so little. Sorry for the rant.Amen to your great analysis. They are so fun to read. If may I ask why you typed Tryndamere as an ESTJ? His lore certainly gives me the same vibes I got from Moana's dad with all the importance he gave to his tribe and keeping traditions showing great management of resources through his Te and Si which it could be applied to Tryndamere on how he united the barbarians leaders and created a force under his *command* (a verb fit for the typical Te leadership) and the oath he made to avenge his deceased family.Disclaimer: it has been a long time since I have talk to my male INFP friend face to face so probably I'll be thinking a lot about the females one.

You guys can be pretty funny. Your imagination it's just awesome and I am always at awe at how you can learn and memorize stuff. You can be pretty darn sensibles (like you would cry at the lightest discussion). It can be quite difficult to master the style of banter that you can deal with but once you do it's just fun all the way. Even though you can be self-centered, I have acknowledged that you guys does it so that we can compare your experiences with ours. You try your best not to gossip about other people and when you do it, you try to make it clear that that was just your point of view (as if your opinion is not set in stone).&gt; Whenever I go on /r/ENFP it makes me want to throw up. DAE pisces?

I would have to agree with you on the /r/ENFP part. I just don't mind those post and skip them whenever I see them. After all, I cannot change people's mind but what I can do is put my energy in stuffs that matters like the good posts that appears here and there on that sub. Also, you could also try posting more yourself! Congrats if you do, if not, I encourage you to do it :)It's also worth mentioning that I have learned A LOT about diverse topics thanks to this subs. People mentioning stuffs like Sudden Repulsion Syndrome, Love Language, Enneagram, Asking &amp; Declaring types, etc; makes surfing reddit worthier Yep. Even older ENFPs have trouble incorporating new routines or habits to their daily stuff. My ENFP coworker who is 35yo was glad that he had already 2 weeks using Duolingo to better his English. One week later and Duolingo was nowhere to be seen hahaha.

So, I agree with you. Developing Si is being more of an acceptance of taking good care about myself and doing stuff that even thought they are boring they are there for a purpose.HahahahahahaThat was an interesting analogy. And you know what's worse? A conversation between three or more Ne users. Jeeeeez. Too much rambling and disorganized ideas coming out one after the other. As an ENFP myself I try to stay away from those.

Thank you for your insight. The text came out very Te structured and one that I appreciate. Wait, wut? What do you mean by period? D: 

...Get it?&gt; Ne is great because sometimes Ni is so tunnel-visioned. It's got an "I know I'm right" and "I told you so" quality to it. Ne is like "but possiBILIITIES" and that gets me out of my one-track mind.

Can confirm that this really fun to do. Now, I try not to advocate too much. Afraid of tilting the INXJs around me too much hahahaha&gt; You ask something, we process it and spit something back out, then you take our answer and turn it into a new question or offer a different perspective. We love this.

At least I do :)

Now, you hit a key with this: 

&gt; Like, sometimes you just have to admit that there isn't a foundation for conversation, let it die...

It's true and I bet that's something most young ENFPs have a hard thing dealing with. Well, coincidentally I asked my INTJ friend the other day how was she able to just say "Bye, gnight" when the conversation is being really engaging through texting. I guess she just imbues her sword with Te powers.Don't you feel the urge to sometimes move out of your comfort zone and do something out of your predetermined routines?

One can be productive but being boring and productive is just not really cool to be around. &gt; I don't even know how we got there from 'hey man sup'.

Hahahahahaha that's how usually it goes down.

I mean it as in being next to that person. But now that I think about it, it probably has to do with the INXJ being, well... introverted. They don't usually go out of their way and speak their mind to everyone. Hahahaha. I have yet to find an INTJ to whom I couldn't hold my position in a debate about whatever but jeez, you people sure can be stubborn&gt; ENFP - Knight that tries to overthrow tyrants for fun

More like tyrants' values do not align with the ENFP valuesI also think they both compliment each other. It's just that I don't see much people talking about the enneagram as much as MBTI and felt the need to make this comparisonThanks for your advice. I always forget that these are tools and I take them more seriously than I probably should. But yes, it's just that the Enneagram has been more useful for me than MBTI in my quest for self-understanding and as the little dog that has just found something great and want to shove it in everyone's face that I sometime act like, I let that get the best of me and posted this hahaI salute you, fellow ENFP 9w8! My stacking is Sp/Sx. I am more grounded and practical than your typical ENFP due to my Sp dominance but it comes at a cost of being more selfish with my time, energy and resources which I try to preserve (hence the Self-Preservation). My Sx matches pretty neatly with my ENFP nature; that energy peak that sometimes ENFPs are known for comes out and my presence becomes magnetic but once it drops, it drops. It's like a push-pull relationship between my Sp and my Sx. 

Uhm, and how do you think it works regarding the withdrawing nature of the type 9? IMO, that match pretty well with us ENFP who tends to be more introverted than the typical extroverted like you said.Identifying that is not easy. Hence, why I am asking...YES. I have noticed this too. And always the same people. From where is that quote?Agree with you on the wall of text for Ne hahaha. Same as you, ideas, things I realize through introspection and want to put them into words, etc. 

Ni as /u/tinyraccoon said, they don't use facebook *that* much, but when they do is either memes or a post related to Feels™.

Ummmm... so we could say that the posts are written by their judging function fueled by their perception function? 

I also perceive some level of authenticity on the posts written by Fi whereas with Fe I don't perceive that... feels kinda generic and it's harder to determine an specific trait from their posts. As if it were lacking some kind of essence or somethingI think "group joke" is not the word I was probably looking for, but I what I meant was for those funny things they say that makes everyone laughing in a group setting. As if they could tailor their words to fit the group they are in and make everyone laugh with whatever they say. Yeh, me too. But I wonder *how* they do it. Sometimes I find myself being in one of those settings and whenever I say something to the group either anyone says anything/ignore me or it's just not funny. So I started to ask myself "what those type do that I dont' when they talk in group settings"&gt; but when they do it in a Fi-ish way it's funnier because it's more "natural".

Probably those are self-deprecating hahaha. 

Interesting info! I totally was around an Alpha Quadra past saturday. Everything was light-hearted, nothing too serious and if anything slightly serious was mentioned it was to be used as pivot for another joke. I didn't feel like I was in my "waters" but neither I felt like I was "out of them". 

&gt; Alphas make no distinction between "insiders" and "outsiders", easily drawing people into a conversation once it has begun â€” though they tend to just as easily withdraw if the person is not receptive.Actually, when I asked the questions the only people I had in mind where ENFJs hahaha. ESFJs are more worried about everyone feeling good than making people laugh IMO. Or maybe is that the ENFJ sense of humor match more my N oriented mind than that of an ESFJ

You have ascended to godhood. What's your trick?You are literally me except that I do go unfiltered all the way once I know the group well. Otherwise you described me to a teeI agree with just. My post was aligned more to having the skill to breeze through any social group situation in the same vein that XXFJs do whenever they feel like doing so. I guess I wish I could "disconnect Fi" for a brief moment and let me be part of the group and not an individual alongside others individuals which is how I tend to feelAs an anecdote, I matched with this girl on Tinder. We had quite a few conversations via texting (she was a nice texter to my surprise) but I somehow felt that I was not her type of man. Not that interested in changing how I am to please her (never in a million years) but just curious on what commonly are their taste in men. 

Just to satisfy my curiosity~ Thanks! I originally posted it on the r/ENFP but I am also interested on how other types do this. 

21yo male ENFP over here. 

I feel like lately I am not connecting with anyone or to put it in another way, I have found that the conversations that I am having with people are somehow dull. I know that conversations are a two people activity meaning that the other person must be willing to **ask** and answer. I am pretty good at making others talk lengths at the same time I make good banters with them and ultimately, making them laugh (specially if its someone I am romantically interested in) but there is just one problem... they never ask me anything back. 

I guess that what I want to say is, how do you normally present yourself as someone interesting? I am versed in lots of topics but really, I don't know how to make others interested in me to the point of they asking questions. 

If could attach any example along with your answers/experiences, I would appreciate it.

TL;DR: I suck at talking about me and would like to know how you guys do it.Hello, peeps! ENFP over here.

Lurking around the INFJs sub and I stumbled upon this comment:

"Ne expands and provides options - it creates conversations. Ni sort of contracts into conclusions - it ends conversations. Ne can carry a conversation and take it to different and zany directions. I know Ni can do SOMETHING other than stop conversations lol - i just havent figured out how. That isnt a bad thing, but I think you can see why in conversations it can present as boring."

It was a thread about INFJs and if they were perceived as someone boring to be around. So, in your experince, how would you rate the level of fun of being INXJs?

IMO, I like to be around them. As the user commented, most of the time their statements can be seem as closing statements meaning it can end a conversation right after that. I actually enjoy asking more and more questions and being the devil's advocate to produce a good laugh or simply because I like seeing them reasoning on the spot and drawing conclusions out of thin air. Don't you think knowing your enneagram is much more important than knowing your MBTI? Being concious of what are your basic drives and fears I particularly find them more useful than knowing what my cognitive functions are. 

Alright, I'll try to squeeze my brain to form a more thoughtful opinion. When I learned about MBTI and my type I was bloooown away by how well the descriptions could identify part of whom I was. It was even better knowing that were was a complete community where I could see others experiences and how I could relate to them. But after I while I didn't felt it was being useful for my "growing process" as a person. I knew that I had Ne-Fi-Te-Si and how things I did and said fell into those functions. It was insightful! But it was lacking something more deep and that is motivation. What motivated me to do or say something? And that's where the enneagram came in. Once I learned that I am a type 9w8 I was finally able to see... Who I was at my core. What motivates me to act how I act. What gets me going in my daily endeavors and how I am when I am in a path toward disintegration like the enneagram call it. Maybe as a 9, a type who is not in contact with his true self, knowing the "why" rather than knowing the "how" is more important.

Thoughts?Title. What things giveaway that someone prefers sensing over intuition or viceversa on let say... their IG or Facebook profile.

Too much memes on their timeline = N? I have been observing some of my friends who have Fe in their first or second position but I cannot identify whyyyy are they so good at it.For context, a girl called me out and told me that I am "emotional" in contrast of another friend who isn't as much and thus "get laid more constantly". But I believe is not necessarily emotions by themselves, but maybe is the constant "overthinking" factor that stops our drive from getting laid. 

IME, I find that my mind constantly thinking stuff does affect the frequency with which I have casual sex since it doesn't allow me to "live in the moment".

N types, what have been your tactics for tackling this issue? And for those who have never had this issue and also are N types, how do you do it?

TL;DR: I believe my Ne is cockblocking me and would like others input/experiencesHello! So, according to MBTI my primary function as an ENFP is Ne. According to the theory it allows me to find patterns, to see future possibilities, to construct theories and frameworks, and to form connections as I talk, write, or create. In general, Ne is what makes us constantly have crazy ideas some of which don’t seem in sync with reality. It analyzes the ideas that Ne seems to grasp out of thin air. It provides a logical framework. But the problem that I seem to face with this is that when I am not able to... create this framework when talking, writing or creating is not allowed. For example, chess. I cannot plan or follow the flow of the game as good as if I were talking it aloud with someone. I always get outplayed because, according to my theory, I am not able to do what I just expressed. 

How have you handled this issue? Or maybe there is something more to this than just my primary function?Why is it so hard to talk in the same way/vibe Sensing types do for iNtuitive types? There is also the way Fe users do it too. It's like they are talking in a manner so alien to me that I cannot find ways in which I can be part of the conversation in a group setting and I end up zoning out because of it. Is it the other way around for Sensing types when in the group setting there are mostly iNtuitive?They have this I don't know what (Fe) that allows them to read the situation and the moment they open their mouth, they easily tend to make everyone laugh and listen to whatever story they want to tell. The words choices, their voice inflection, hands gestures and etc. just do something that pulls people easily. 

I, on the other hand, have to be very careful with what I say because it's like I am not able to translate very well what I am thinking at the moment to mold it into something "appropriate" for the group. Like my ideas, thoughts and jokes tends to come out unfiltered (Fi) I guess? While they can dress what they say perfectly to fit the group they are in. 

Any XXFPs relate?&gt; This is why ENFPs tend to just be themselves in a group because there's too much to focus on, so they might as well just be themself.  

Oh, so that's why. I have catch myself thinking about the emotions of each one in the group and in a certain point I just give up and decide to just be myself Sinbad is definitely not an ENTJ. The guy is too empathetic with everyone he meets. Not saying ENTJs can't be, but they are more prone to push aside empathy and solely focus on their end goal. He is an ENFJ (a very broken and manipulative one) at least from my POV.200+ CAD. Too expensiveCurrently living in Canada but my home place is the Dominican Republic (a third world country). Due to the great flux of venezuelan women prices have dropped to 20-25$, yes. Tho, spending money on escort is demoralizing (for me) and a big hole in my pocket. I try to avoid them.

Edit: Getting laid through escorts somehow drops your drive to actively engage with women and seduce themThe first part of your comment + the link was exactly what I was looking for. The recommendation and tips you gave on the other couldn't have been more inapplicable haha. When I feel a connection with someone my seduction peaks and can easily get into someone's pants. Sadly, it's hard to do without the connection. Sometimes not even alcohol can do much about it&gt; Also: tell your friend to fuck off. Be yourself and enjoy what you enjoy. You don’t need to be less emotional (or less “intuitive”) just to have more casual sex stories to compare. 

Oh, she didn't mean it in a bad way! I felt complimented because of the way she looked at me and tone of voice used. 

&gt; Put yourself out there to meet more people but let the rest just happen the way it will. You aren’t missing out on anything you’d be happier having. 

This is what honestly I was looking for when posting this 😊

&amp;#x200B;Nope! I am Dominican and ironically I am currently living in Canada (it's been 3 months only tho). Why did you thought I was Canadian?&gt;Cope by forming the words silently with your mouth.

I will give this a try. Thanks! And yes, it sucks when teach don't let you learn this way. Luckily I always found ways to voice my thoughts even when I had teachers like thatI am starting to think is the Fe that makes the difference and Se/Si just makes it worse. Fe conversation centered force those in it to constantly read the subtleties and like... Not to pass a certain range of what to say (?) It's hard to explain reallyThat's what I am trying to figure out. So far I have noticed (in a brief way) that sensing types have a preference for "on the surface" topics. Not going out of their way to find any deeper meaning to anything in a given topic during a conversation. It's like they feel satisfied with just mentioning the topic, making 1-3 short comments about it and that's it (?) Intuitive are more prone to do lengthy explanations about the topic at hand and some of the points they tend to touch are sometimes abstract and even "elaborated" since they are willing to go to that extend in their explanation.She looks like antarcitite from houseki no kuni. Nice art!
This comment made me grin and now I really need to rewatch some Avatar.Yeah, I can relate to that. I've just turned 22 was spurred to be a lot more introspective. I broke up with my girlfriend which was the cause of this and if I go through a break up I like to do things to improve myself.

---

I started trying to figure out what I wanted and needed and even began writing journals. I have six journals now each with a different purpose, I should maybe slow down on impulse journal purchases. I am very much focused on the present and don't think about the past or future that much, if my thoughts wander it's to ideas not memories or aspirations. This impacted relationships and other areas because I never actually knew what I wanted and as a result I went with the flow and wasn't great at communication.

---

I feel a lot more self assured as a result of this and feel like I know myself a lot better, I still don't think of this stuff that much but I like to think I'm quite self aware and do set aside time to write in the journals and be introspective. I feel like self reflection and insights were something that I had neglected but now I've improved myself a lot in that regard. I never had a problem with questioning myself or reflecting on things but it's just not something I did.
I learn best by far from lecturing and discussion. I always had trouble taking notes in school and college. I'm a "sponge" in that I listen and learn just by focusing on what that person is saying. I'm also very attracted to visuals and infographics.The potential problem with this is that matching types probably would not do as well in a relationship.Thanks a bunch. Ne and Fi are very accurate descriptors of me.More a question of intelligence and apathy than of personality.Completely unwarranted response, please don't let this discourage you from being friendly and outgoing in the future. For every 1 person who resents you for being outgoing, there are 50 who thank you.Moderately kinky, ENFP.I think it's really awesome that this person took the time to do this out of interest.I believe a representative democracy and a republic are quite similar but I chose republic.As an ENFP, one of my main characteristics is that I almost always avoid conflict and confrontation. Harmony, peace, and tranquility are probably the values I hold highest in life. I always reflect on my feelings and experiences, read self-help garbage, and feel very in touch with myself. I like to understand other people and connect with them. All of these traits would point me towards embodying a nice guy, but...

I feel like things will "always go right." I'm not narcissistic, yet I feel that I'm "better" than everyone else. It is not for any objective reason, but it's just a great feeling that prevents me from being a "nice guy." Like I'm walking on air: making jokes, being unpredictable, and nothing is serious. As if I am drunk all the time. I can be a "bad guy," jeering and making jokes at the expense of others, evoking giggles from watchers.

Perhaps a TJ would question and dismiss such a feeling as irrational and counterproductive. Maybe they would analyze this and see the fault in it. But I don't care, because I feel good. And it's this blindness that prevents me from being a leaf in the wind.


I believe I'm just rambling, though.Meditator, interesting.

All of my scores were lower than average except for "Awareness" or something, the last one. It said that you'd get a high score for answering a higher number on the fire/smoke inhalation question, but I answered 0. I'm pretty skeptical of the legitimacy of this test.Growing up I had poor social skills. The primary reason I am an ENFP is because I feel energized from socializing and being around others; it motivates me and makes me happy.If you're using the reddit is fun app, tap the "i" button at the top, click "Flair," and select the one you want.Clannad.

Rick and Morty seems silly to me. Death Note was interesting.Theoretically, xSFJ's. Sensors take in more, feelers process it more emotionally, judges are more fixated on it.You are correct, I'm not sure where the downvotes are coming from.I voted 1 for the gay question but in retrospect 2 or 3 is probably more accurate. It's very likely that sexual orientation is at least partially designated by chemical imbalances in the womb.Women do not have the same advantages as men in society. I'm inclined to believe women are slightly better off, all things considered.Quest for the correlations, no matter how weakStraight fire against us ENFP. Don't come to our side of town unless you're looking to get brigged homie.So you got alpha and you think you "shifted your personality" from N to S?

How does that even work?ENFP - I'll say lyrics mean absolutely nothing to me and if the music is good, I'll agree with the words.I am an ENFP. The type that seems most useful or that I "wish" to be is definitely ISTP.Not entirely sure, not my type of comedy I guess.Massive drive and inspiration that lasts for only a set period. After that, most motivation is lost. I'm unfortunately driven by inspiration, not willpower.

Trying to improve this though!ENFP sounds very accurate, but I believe Se is very descriptive of me and it's not presentThanks! This is super usefulThanks for the helpful response. I'm definitely an extrovert. I feel like Ne is accurate to the point where I can't be anything other than ENFP. But at least I know ESFP is the runner up.Ti likely coupled with Ne.It does feel a bit silly because of how arbitrary it is, but dig deep and you'll see how accurate it is.Interesting point!Values interdependence, serves others in their "role," expects others to do their roles.ENFP and ESFP are are different. More specifically Ne and Se are totally separate. I acknowledge that I have a lot of both Ne and Se but they are entirely different monsters.You need to read up on Ne and Se. ENFP and ESFP are similar to the point where we can't really help you.I think that's a great stretch. An Se will most certainty exercise for the mental stimulation it brings; they live and breathe it.A big part of Se is the physical stimulation, but I believe they operate in a higher mental state when stimulated with exercise or other things.ISTJ for sure, I think.ENFP: Musical (4.14), Social (4.0), Body Movement (3.86)

Here's the thing: this test details what one is good at, not what they would prefer to be good at. I pick up instruments very easily, get along with everyone, and am very athletic. However, I don't value or enjoy any of those particularly.I agree but I gave it a shot regardless.That's a very ENFP thing to do.For me it's less confidence issues and more social skills. I can be very bold and confident in studies, sports etc.Not for me, I'm great at flirting and whatnot but I just feel out of place talking to people I don't know.ENFP - I know trace amounts of C++, Batch, Bash, VBscript

C++ is my favoriteYeah. There might be a correlation between types in terms of compatability, but it's just that, a relatively weak trend.Have you heard of the Le function? You get it later in life as an Se Ni.If I'm not mistaken Myers was the one to introduce the functions.Yes, I was mistyped as INFP for a while due to my poor social skills.I got it backwards, my badENTP's are particularly problematic.&gt; 0_o lmao XD (and I love it).

cringe[removed]We're not describing natural phenomena, we're categorizing it.LMAO. You'll get more upvotes for this kind of thing at /r/shittymbti... in a good way!it's the /r/circlejerk of mbti, not everyone's cup of teacleverNot letting survey takers see the results is the oldest scumbag trick in the book.

Regardless, this is a cool investigation!Turn on the bloody results so we can see them...&gt; I bet you can't type me

okI simply disagree. I feel demotivated and worn out unless I've been around others for some time.wtf&gt; I hate introverts because they hate extroverts

Hmm.../r/shittymbti

no offenseAnything can be weird if you make it weird. Anything can be fun and cool if you make it so.Always, without fail, get ENTP. It's not me though.

I'm an extremist when it comes to logic and reason. Evidence is the only thing that matters in an argument or whatever.Summer &gt; Spring &gt; Winter &gt; Autumn

Autumn is ugly, everything is dying, and you know that tomorrow's going to be colder than today. Just keeps getting colder...

Autumn and winter are pretty equally bad. Sure, summer is hot. You can get a little uncomfortable. But cold hurts. I hate putting on all this crap just to go outside. I'd rather throw on a shirt and shorts, sport some sunglasses, and enjoy the sun. 75-80 is most comfortable for me.I don't want others to fail. I suppose I just don't want equally-successful/powerful people right up in my face. They can have their area of control and I can have mine.

The ideal for me would be to make everyone as happy as possible - but not in a way that gives them power? In a condescending way honestly.It's easy enough to be someone who everyone likes, a very "chill" person if you will. Being liked is important but having control is too. I want to be the dominant person in all of my relationships, the one looked up to.

To me being looked down upon and liked ("little brother") is almost as unpleasant as being outright hated.Being the source of the alcohol gives you the power of who you choose can have it and who can't, how much they have, and what they have to do to get it. But that's also a good point.ENFP. Glad they have a president that will take their country in the right direction. It's trite at this point but the "political correctness" of America is outdated and disgusting to me. And if I recall correctly their debt is absolutely ridiculous and Donald Trump wants to combat the debt.Dear god I'm the same way. I hate it when a couple of friends in my friend group have a fight. Everyone seems to take a side. Why can't people just make up and live in harmony, you know?

I do have an intense craving for stimulation however and I live off of risk. Sort of contrary to the whole "peace" thing.In my case I feel that I'm "supposed" to have power, or be a leader. I don't have much of a desire to conquer or dominate, but I feel as if it is my role to be in charge of others, and I'm doing a disservice by not having dominance over others.

Can't explain it either!Ah, this makes me want to cry.Highly-social settings where I'm in a position of power or control.Functions aside, sensing/feeling/perceiving should be the best at taking in information from their environment.

In theory, perhaps, an ESFP is very outward and present to what is around them, whereas an INTJ is very "shoved inside their head," creating worlds of their own in the mind.PIZZAGATE CONFIRMEDI want to be those Se things :(Ti/Se/Fe/Fi all possible.

ISFPSome kind of ISTP humor thereUpvoted, I love posts like these.

Interesting analysis of ENFP. I value logic and reason over pretty much all other human values. Maybe I'm different. "I don't care about what you believe, I care about what's true."Not to offend you, but this post is extremely characteristic of INTJ thought.I *value* logic above everything else. Reasoning is very important to me I always *strive* to choose the rational choice over what I feel.

However, despite this ideal, I often act through my emotions anyway, and perhaps I'm a more effective person when acting through my feelings.

I see scientists as amazing people, but I know I could never be one.Ne types can be mistaken to be thinkers. Slightly more likely if introverted due to brooding and "thinking before speaking" tendencies.To answer the original question there is no correlation, it's not likely or unlikely, but the same probability as any of the other types.Interestingly, the ones I find intolerably annoying are those who find people like your friend annoying, such as yourself.Male.

Maid Marion, Little John, Sheriff, Robin Hood.

---

Maid Marion was the hero.

Little John was slightly opportunistic but not necessarily bad.

Sheriff didn't do much wrong, he offered another option to Maid Marion which she agreed to. Would we see the sheriff as evil if he had not even offered? Surely, that would be worse. This is under the (rightful) assumption that the two were jailed for legitimate purposes.

Robin Hood is irrational, arrogant, and seems to be a terrible person.

---

"You are essentially a contented person, even if you consider yourself a little superior. You are moral by your own standards, for you believe that morality is what best suits the occasion."

"You are sexually uninhibited, more romantic than you may appear, and more dependent on the approval of others than you care to admit."     In all contexts other than gift-giving, the result is what matters. However, if one tries to achieve a result and fails, but learns from the mistake, that is hardly a mistake at all.The fucking INFJ do this all the time. ALL the time. I know several of them.

I suppose INTJ could as well.To clarify for those confused, the guy was saying "Word... 2016 has been the worst year yet." Like the interjection "word." Microsoft Office Twitter guy was looking for posts with the keyword "word 2016" as in Microsoft Word, found the post, and assumed the former user was criticizing Microsoft Word 2016.I'm ENFP. Can't stand INFJ. They're the worst. Something about the combination of Ni + Fe, and even the Ti + Se, leads to some SERIOUS overanalysis of other people. I have a few INFJ acquaintances/friends and they're always talking about the impressions they get off of people. It's quite annoying. I frankly don't care very much about the traits of other people, if you're nice to me, I'm nice to you.

In a broader sense, introverts are less fun to be around simply because they don't reflect the energy I give off. Not party types. I prefer thinkers over feelers, slightly.Tradition is not a good or bad thing. Good traditions are good; bad traditions are bad. There is nothing bad about tradition in and of itself.Fantastic self-analysis. Would you agree with the statement: "I don't care much what you believe, I care about what's true." ? May or may not apply to your case, a similar thing I find from INFJ is that they pick out words from statements, sometimes very directly saying things like "you shouldn't use that word," looking at every piece of what is said in scrutiny instead of following the gist of what is said.

In terms of friend groups, in my case, my INFJ friends tend to judge people pretty harshly for what they or what they've done. I prefer to keep the harmony in a group; it doesn't matter how "bad" a person is or what they've done, if they fill their social role in the group so to speak, that's all I ask for.&gt; purposely being illogical with a hint of cynicism

If people came from monkeys, why are there still monkeys...Thank you for showing me to the light. This guy is hilarious!Agreed brother. We are the best in the social world and those who disagree are jealous or butthurt.Thanks!!!We've gotten to the point where memes are being analyzed in the scope of MBTI. LOLEy baby u from the south cause ur the only TeNi see 

its just u lookin so FiNe 2NiTeIt's not a theory. It's a system of organizing personality that is slowly becoming more accurate and less arbitrary.Oh my god thanks for the chuckle. Probably a sensor with a perceiving function... xSxP, some dominant Si or Se.ENTJWow, your results seem to be the exact opposite of mine!

It's interesting but also a bit deceiving that they do it that way. Thanks for the info!Wouldn't a sensor have a greater openness to experience? I imagine an S being very open, expressive, and aware of his surroundings where an N is more stuck in his head and the ideas inside him.ISTJ. The Si is strong, and the Fi is there a bit too.

Others might be confusing SiTe with TiSe. Or maybe I'm the confused one.  I'm the polar opposite. I put everything into words. A lot of words.

I do have feelings that are mysterious and hard to explain, but I explain them better than anyone else could.Se is definitely the cool/popular functionWow. Great work.I'm a very strong lawful neutral as an ENFP, leading towards lawful good. That's pretty out of the ordinary as well.I'd like to be an ISTJ or ISFJ. 

I wish I was more introverted and able to perform effectively on my own. I wish I was less stuck in my head with ideas and concepts, and more aware of what's around me. I wish I could finish projects instead of start a million of them. I wish I was less socially domineering. I wish I was craftier and able to focus in on something better. I wish I was not glued to other people and could be successful as an independent entity. I wish I was less outward and less intimidating. I wish I didn't get bored as quickly and seek external things. I wish I was more rigid in general.

That covers it, I think.That sounds like my version of hell.I'd go with the angel and pick **Kindness** and **Patience**. To be truly at peace with no emotions of fear or anger, wow. And to be able to have deep loving bonds with everyone around you, effortlessly. That is true peace.

If I had to pick sins, I'd go with **Wrath** and **Envy**. I'd turn into some vigilante. I'd find some way to murder Kim Jong Un and steal all his shit. LOLProbably an ENFP with somewhat poor social skills or lower confidence. No offense. It's common.Easily the most honest answer hereI would guess this actually wouldn't happen at all. People tend to believe all types are equal, just better at different things. Which is another problem in itself but not quite social elitism.Wow, this is the *most* interesting type in my opinion. They don't get stuck in the gridlock of heavy and monotonous conversation - they break free and enjoy the more intense pleasures of life. Also, a problem that too many people have is getting too serious. An ESFP might tend to stay jovial even when it comes to heavy topics.

They're the type to say "that's enough talking for now, let's go DO something!" I respect that so much.INFJ and INTJ are very boring, in that order.

ESFP and ENFP are the most entertaining and interesting, in that order.How short-sighted. Of course one's type does not apply to every individual who falls under that type. However, as with any discussion about MBTI, we have to try our best to generalize.

Instead of copping out and saying "people aren't their type," why not think a little deeper and look for trends between the types, no matter how weak the trend is? It's interesting.I've always envied Se doms and I'm pretty sure I don't have it. Ne has always been pretty strong in my life, sometimes excessively so.

A new perspective certainly, but I'm skeptical.INFP's in particular.I push my values on my close friends very, very strongly. You can't be a close friend of mine if you don't think the way I do. It's just not possible. However, I have few close friends and most people I know just have "buddy" status. In these larger social circles, I keep my values completely out of the equation. It's not my place to say what I think, harmony is more important.&gt; Two words: Shane Dawson

???Only countries I know that have compulsory military service are South Korea and a whole bunch of Eastern European countries.Hmm well I've always resonated with Ne a lot, and I've been told that Fi is pretty apparent in me.

I have an album of test results here, somewhat conclusive: http://imgur.com/a/114Fh

I had one person type me here: https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5l92qr/can_you_type_me/

I'm also an 8w9 in enneagram if that helps.Fear is for the weak; we couldn't be friends ;DWell at least you're an ENxx, probably.

Tell us a bit about yourself and your life. There's a sample question list for typing around here somewhere.They are fascinating people indeed, but to hang out with? Boring&gt; Since they’re oriented by the outer world, they harmonize with her current situation and general values, and she seems thoroughly adapted to her social environment.

Who is "they" and who is "she?" This was a bit of a confusing read for me.

Nonetheless, an incredible analysis. Thanks!Every test ever puts my in Gryffindor as well, mostly because they're extremely biased towards it.hey it's russel brandNice!Interesting. Does it fit the bill for ESTP? Or another type?An interesting problemStrong Ne. Can never get anything done, always have a million ideas which I start and get through partially and then just taper off. At the moment I want to learn to play the guitar, make a video game, learn to make wine in my closet, start a club at my school, and get a pet crow. I'm very serious about these too: I bought a guitar, I'm learning a programming language, I have wine fermenting right now, I fed the crows outside today. All of these I started in the past few weeks and my biggest fear is that I'll have wasted time and money on these futile projects. I'm also trying to write a book, probably.

Getting into deep and theoretical conversation, especially about wonderful and fantastical things, is a big thing I do. Some people find it eccentric but others understand.

I see most of this as a weakness though. I'd rather be a "doer" but I know I'm not. Perhaps that other post was more a reflection of who I really wanted to be as opposed to who I really am.ESTP.Used to think I was INFP as a result of not understanding introversion/extroversionDon't "be interesting." Be interested.

In other words, don't justify yourself to others. Make others justify themselves to you. Screening &gt; justifying. Once you take the attention off yourself you won't worry about it.Talking isn't your problem. Sounds like you need to stop talking and listen a bit. Too much interest? No. Interest is good. Approval is not necessarily.

Listen to them and be interested. But don't say "that's so cool!" right away. It gives them validation/approval and that's what they want. Be mysterious. But be genuine. If you find something about someone cool say it. If you don't think it's that cool say very plainly that it's not.You just look like him to me lolAmazing atheist came up, internally shouted INTP. Yep.I am an ENFP. My Big 5 statistics are as follows:

- Extroversion -- 74% -- *suggests you are overly talkative, outgoing, sociable and interacting at the expense too often of developing your own individual interests and internally based identity.*

- Orderliness -- 26% -- *suggests you are overly flexible, random, scattered, and fun seeking at the expense too often of structure, reliability, work ethic, and long term accomplishment.*

- Emotional Stability -- 72% -- *suggests you are very relaxed, calm, secure, and optimistic.*

- Accommodation -- 56% -- *suggests you are, at times, overly kind natured, trusting, and helpful at the expense of your own individual development (martyr complex).*

- Inquisitiveness -- 56% -- *results were moderately high which suggests you are intellectual, curious, imaginative but possibly not very practical.*

---

Your Global5/SLOAN type is **SCUAI**

Your Primary type is **Unstructured**

---

Do I agree with extroversion? I'd say that's somewhat accurate, though I find myself pondering my own internally-based identity too much. Do I agree with orderliness? Yes, that describes me quite well. Do I agree with emotional stability? Yes, but it sometimes has a negative effect. I am sometimes too grounded, leading to both apathy and boredom. Do I agree with accommodation? Yes, I don't consider myself a good person, but I am overly trusting. Do I agree with inquisitiveness? Yes, that seems accurate.

**SCUAI is uncannily accurate.** Though it may be overgeneralized and that's why.

Unstructured seems mostly accurate. I feel more comfortable in environments where there is little order and a lot of energy. I wouldn't consider myself an underachiever... I can do a lot of crazy things but they require my full interest which is rare. I do the bare minimum on things I care little about.
&gt;  For the ENFP, this tends to take the form of insisting on consistent, scheduled attention from others for his/her artistic or creative gifts, while for the ESTJ it tends to manifest itself in terms of indignation when others refuse to follow every detail of the user's "visionary" leadership style.

I relate to this a lot. But somehow, I relate to the ESTJ more. I like to lead others. When others can't see that my way is the best for everyone, I can get a lot of internal frustration and feel like giving up the whole thing.My four favorite letters here are...

DOTA.Definitely does to me. He has a way with words and good social skills, but you can tell there's a whole other guy when he's off the camera.Lithuania. A friend of mine is now serving and he wanted to study, but he couldn't :(

Well, I guess Lithuania is northern. But it's pretty eastern as well.Out of curiosity, what northern countries have compulsory military service? Like Sweden?I **much** prefer sativa. I always feel bored and kind of low energy, always looking for something to do. Indica just makes me feel more shitty and tired. Sativa gives me an incredible high and lifts me up. Unfortunately it's harder to find.

I'd argue that both impair me more than anything though. Indica may make me more physically sensitive but I can't interpret my senses as accurately. Sativa may make my mind go wild but most of what I think and say is rather nonsensical, dumb, and useless.ENFP, 18.

Age 10: Stupid, reckless. Loved basketball. Thought I was the smartest kid in existence.

Age 13: Peak of my retarded "swag" phase, thought I was top shit, athletics, grades.

Age 16: Mellowed out a bit. Still lived the same kind of life, but started to care more about intellectual pursuits like Japanese/Econ.

Age 17: Got in a serious accident and broke both of my wrists, my shoulder, and my collar bone. I was the best point guard in the district and now I could never play basketball again. Felt like my whole life was gone, tried to kill myself several times. Became insecure and cynical.

Age 18: Life's okay. I'm now hanging out with the people I considered losers my entire life. I don't know how to feel about it. College sucks, feel like I lost all my "status" and no one appreciates me like I think they "should." It's very weird and insecure of me. RIP me lmaoYep, I mediate often. It sure feels good while high but it doesn't seem like real meditation to me. I need to be completely present to both myself everything around me, complete awareness. Both strains take that from me but especially sativa.wtf I hate infp now1. NiTe (INTJ)

2. TeNi (ENTJ)

Probability in this order. Based on what you said as well as you comments it seems fairly certain that you're one of the two. ENTJ tends to be organized, which you're not, but it is more goal-driven, which you are.ENFP and I don't really care, so I'd say healthy. 18.

Used to be huge into self-development, meditation, fitness, etc. When I gave it all up my life got so much happier. Whatever works.  ESTP sounds exactly like me.Obviously not real. You'd have to be incredibly ignorant or delusional to believe in ghosts, dragons, spirits, unicorns, etc.

Edit: I'm curious why this is being downvoted. Do you guys think these things are actually real?/r/6perks is the **epitome** of high Ne. Seriously.I meant it objectively. In order to believe in something that doesn't exist, you either have to lack information (ignorance) or willfully deny information (delusion). Is there a very small chance that mythical creatures and whatnot could exist? Absolutely. But to actually accept it as reality is ridiculous.

Of course if you choose to believe those things that won't change what I think about you; I would never judge someone by their beliefs. But I won't play along with it and pretend to believe it.This is awesome!Not all who wander are lost.RadiatingMBTI will never be perfect.

As with any science, we are striving for truth and validity. Every day I try to understand more so that my understanding becomes more accurate.

I can confidently say MBTI typing is mostly accurate.Reddit users are more likely INxx.

Introversion likes talking through the screen, especially Ni. 

Ni/Ne loves reddit because it's a huge venue for exchanging ideas, learning, debating. This is in contrast to most social networks which attract sensors, especially Instagram - what can I see, what can I take in.Noticeable change from INFP to ENFP.Dear god the accuracy hurtsI'm NP and I can guarantee you I favor authoritarianism more than Trump does. He wants to disintegrate the circles of power, hence "drain the swamp," and his critiques of big media.ESFP is most likely to be the popular/athletic/jock in clique like high school stereotypes.ENFP 8w9 here. ESTP 7w8 huh? You must be quite the achiever.16personalities is not really MBTI. They made up their own system. Fun test though.

I'm ESFJ on 16personalities which is far from the truth.INFP. I know exactly what you're talking about.I'd focus on Ni and Ne.

I use no Ni. I use all Ne. It's simple really. Do you use no Ni and all Ne, or all Ne and no Ni. Or perhaps a touch of Ni and a little Ne. That could complicate things.That beets in Siberia thing. I feel that so much. It sucks jumping from passion to passion and not getting anything done.

Please Se gods, bless me with your focus and motivation!INFP feels like little brother to me, perhaps because I was one growing up.

They're the type of people you can look in the eye and know that behind it is a world of understanding. Needless internal conflict though. "You're pretty crafty so I think you're an ISTJ. You also like to talk about your feelings which is indicative of ISTJ."

-Some user I feel the exact same way. Love is temporary and can be found in many places. Follow your ambition./r/ENTP is the most interesting one imo, seems accurate too.ENFP - writing, music, public speaking, giving presentations, hosting stuff.I'm the same way. When I see someone going through a struggle that I've experienced before something in me jumps out to help that person. But I (very unfortunately) feel little sympathy for those I don't know personally who those who have problems foreign to me.Fe - how can we help each other?

Fi - how can I help myself and inspire others to do the same? God damn god damn that sentence sentence is messed upDon't know whether to feel pleased or disappointed about my type.I was under the impression that sensors are stereotypically *more* logical, but you make it sound as though that's not the case.100% the music itself. If the music is powerful, I rationalize the lyrics to be powerful. If the music is bad, I rationalize the lyrics to be stupid.

Listened to the Nazi anthem and started jamming to it, realized what was happening and turned it off pronto lmaoI'm relatively vanilla-ish and don't really have kinks.

I'm very far to the dom side. I always prefer to take control and be dominant. I'd be a little uncomfortable if I was put in a submissive position. When I'm with women who are dominant it kind of makes me cringe and turns me off.

Just personal preference!ExTPI am **the Moon**

&gt; 
The Moon Arcana is associated with creativity, inspiration, dreams, madness, illusions, fear, fantasy, the subconscious and trickery. You are sometimes being attuned subconsciously to the world around, gaining the ability to sense things without being told about them or without anyone else knowing.

&gt; You are often psychically-attuned, and your projection of your own fears and faults onto others is becoming a habit. You often tend to have trouble accepting yourself for who you are and, because of that fear, you try to correspond to an ideal person.Oh ho ho it's magic! You knooooowoo! Never belieeeeve it's not soooooo!&gt; tumblr

There's your answer mate!I'm an extrovert with social anxiety and I'm the opposite. I thrive in large crowds full of strangers, but I feel awkward at family parties and have trouble opening up to friends.WRONG. FAKE NEWS FOLKS!"I feel calm when I'm around you. You are a peaceful person."

a few weeks ago this girl I hang out with said that to me. meant a whole lot and I don't know whyThunderbird! Are these like made up Hogwarts houses?Japan is so ISFJ.Fi and Fe might have trouble for different reasons. Fe has an advantage because it is inherently inclined to try to understand and connect, and is usually more successful in doing so. However, the Fi type is less likely to actually care too much about others feelings and values, so even if it doesn't fit in, it's not a source of stress quite as much.When you click around reddit for hours on end, no real goal in mind, no real drive, just waiting for someone to respond to one of your comments.ENFP-Emotion, yet peace.

INFP-Ignorance, yet knowledge.

ENTP-Passion, yet serenity.

INTP-Chaos, yet harmony.

ENFJ-Death, yet the Force.ESTJENFP - Great Teacher OnizukaThe only game I've played for years is a Minecraft server style called "civcraft," it's a huge social experiment where hundreds of players are thrown together with no instructions but with a few tools to "reinforce" their things (which protects them but they can still be broken with enough effort) and some group chat features. People build huge civilizations, crazy cities, go to war, etc. It's the truest sandbox I've ever played and it's insanely immersive.

I think it fuels my Ne big time.Animal crossing is definitely an N game. Zelda is more of an S game.Yeah, there have been many iterations but this is the newest and best one. Should run for a long time.It's not a very stimulating game, there's little action, and it moves very slowly. Most of the fun is had in the strategy of improving over time and being creative. It's also very non-linear, almost to a fault.Hello,

I've always believed myself to be an ENFP. Multiple sources have given me this result. However, I just took the celebritytypes.com test and noted how much more in-depth is was than the others, and upon finishing, I found out that it thought I was ENFJ.

What are some "key differences" between the two types?After reading up a bit on the functions, I really think my four most prominent ones are as follows, in order: Ne Se Fi Te.

Fe and Ni are reasonable but I don't feel strongly about them.

The Ti function is not characteristic of me at all, nor is Si.

Obviously that's not an actual type. Is ENFP the closest to this? What else could I be?Hi. I've recently realized, to be brief, how terrible of a person I am and that I have to change everything about myself. I understand this is vague, but do you think my mbti type will change if I'm successful? Or is it truly ingrained?Is there a type or function that seeks to be in control, have power, have others admire them, be respected, looked up to? I had a deep talk with one of my friends and he said he likes to host parties and buy the alcohol because he wants to be "the host," that guy who is leading the party and have people like him for it. Always researching how to make his dorm the "hottest spot on campus"... what a guy.

Someone who probably wants to be a good person and do fantastic things, but more importantly wants to take responsibility for these things.In Japanese culture, there is a phenomenon known as the *omote*-*ura* personalities. 

The Japanese call their *omote* (public face) how they act around people they meet for the first time; it is more polite, and reveals less. Think of a good politician.

The *ura* (private face) is the sum of one's true intentions, feelings, and beliefs. It is shown to close friends and family members.

Here is more detail on the two: https://www.nakasendoway.com/omote-ura-public-and-private-faces/

Which types keep up a facade, and which types open up very quickly?I value social harmony very much - everyone is happiest without pettiness and without ridiculous expressions of bad personality traits. Often, smiling and nodding makes everyone the most happy. However, as an individual I am not like this at all. I crave breaking harmony in my life; I seek pleasure and dominance in all aspects of life, and feel that it's silly to just sit around.

I get energy from others and feel sad and depressed when I'm alone for too long. Unless I'm temporarily sucked into a distraction. I seek to dominate others socially and in relationships, for better or worse. I like to be knowledgeable in many areas. I can get very sucked into debates and musings about science and the like, yet I never develop a strong stance one way or another. I find it amusing to play the devil's advocate.

I don't have a huge sense of morality if I'm going to be honest. I'm not motivated to donate to charity. However, I deeply value integrity for some reason I cannot explain - if I make a promise, I will keep it. Whether my promise does good or ill is of less concern, but what matters is that the word is kept.

I'm generally very calm and don't express much emotion at all, but there's a lot going on inside that is different from how I present myself. I'm extremely social and have a lot of friends. I'm a party person and enjoy very high levels of energy. Where many of my friends would say it's time to quit out of fear or anxiety, I often keep going, even if said situation has risks or danger. I am very physical, and also a good talker. Flirtatious. I have extreme bursts of motivaton, creativity, and ambition, but enjoy the opportunity to retreat and relax before going into my next burst. I am a very sexual person and people know this.

I am a staunch materialist and have always believed any unsubstantiated beliefs should be immediately dismissed. I focus on what I can obtain to make me happy. I see the utility in: religion, astrology, false hope, praying, fortune telling, etc. But it makes my blood boil a bit when I see discussion of it in a rational venue. However, in places where it is appropriate, my motto seems to be to do what you feel, and let your emotions control your actions. All success in my life has been the product of letting the "flow" take over and ceasing thought. If that makes any sense. There is some kind of energy in me that can be manipulated and channeled, but it is likely explained through brain chemistry and not through some spiritual nonsense.

I find it amusing and exciting to see people cave in to their desires over logic. It's rather immoral in a way. But there is nothing better than tempting others to give into their emotions in many ways! I feel very strongly about this.

Please ask if you want more information! Thanks for reading!I am undoubtedly an ENFP. I've been typed several times before, and all other tests online have given strong results of ENFP.

16personalities just spit out ESFJ: http://i.imgur.com/K3mFllF.png

How are their questions different? What kind of answers compelled the algorithm to type me as ESFJ? Quite bizarre.I just took [the function test](http://similarminds.com/cgi-bin/cog_jung.pl) at similar minds and got the following results: http://i.imgur.com/DsvD0oE.png

Unsurprisingly, it suggested that I was ENFP.

I noticed that my Fe was considerably higher than my Fi. When I've been typed on this sub and by other people, almost invariably the first comment relates to me having a very strong Fi. And usually Fe is out of the picture entirely.

What really is the difference between the two?I am an ENFP (Ne Fi Te Si). I got ESTP (Se Ti Fe Ni), which is the exact opposite of ENFP. This gives me the type of SLE.

Here's my result page: http://www.sociotype.com/tests/result/est/205772

What could have caused this?

Edit: I think part of it might have to do with my strong responses of individuality. I care very little for politics and society because it's futile in the end. I prefer to focus on how I can improve my own situation, and how I can do so most effectively and efficiently.I've recently typed my friend George as an ISTP, and I saw it to an insane degree tonight.

George likes to race cars. Illegally, on the street. It's pretty dangerous and there's a lot of curves and turns, and you can seriously damage your car and get injured if you make one mistake. He's into the whole "drifting" thing and he has this little Acura Legend from the late 80's or something.

So I decided to see for myself and ride shotgun with him in a race. It's unbelievable. His eyes dart around and notice every little bump on the road, knows just when to shift his gears, perfect turns. He does this weird thing where he hits the brakes and turns the wheel and the back end of the car slips out to make a tighter turn. Everything going on at once, he manages to make order out of chaos. I could NEVER do something like that, even with years of practice. He's relatively new to racing and does it perfectly.

If I had to describe it succinctly, he acts like a machine. Takes in a lot of information and reacts quickly and precisely.

Weirdest part - he's relatively talkative but during the race he was no words. I think he said something to himself a couple of times.

Do you think this is characteristic of ISTP?
It comes to me as I am healthy and mature in terms of MBTI than most ENFPs I meet online and in person, but not of those people I watch and research as ENFP, such as Mark Twain, Kendrick Lamar, 2Pac, Robert Williams, and u-uh, much better off than Peter Griffin and Spongebob.

Some specific examples:
-ENFPs tend to be bad at commitment, and too overly-excited
 
-ENFPs can be very bad at criticism and conflict

-Their Fi can make them stubborn to outside idealogies and hard to be flexible

-Hard to conceal excitement which may manifest as talking too much, being too clingy, jumping to conclusions, annoying people's personal psychological space, coming off as draining to introverts, and talking out of my ass

-ENFPs tendency to be manipulative

-ENFPs tendency to over-want attention and praise due to their tert Te

-Failure to develop a great internal world in terms of ENERGIZING. ENFP's have an amazing internal world. but they don't always spend much time of hours at a time reading and learning and being energized. They base their self-worth and life too much on stimulus out there, but not in the brain which is the best home

-ENFPs lackadaisical mind-state towards only doing the fun stuff

-I'm nit picking now - another thing anyone can do.


All of these strengths at doing more than the average human are negative and can be easily be positive, with training, therapy (self, or others), research, experiment/experience, outside viewpoints, etc.


Trying to enter a room where I'm the dumbest, so I am speaking from there. As time goes, I'll see. I'd like to say I'm much more versed in my functions and shadow functions than most ENFPs, but I'm no master.Are ENFJs rare?I'm not so much attracted to types as that is so vague. I'm attracted into cognitive functions and I enjoy strong ones - so whichever type that can be. Even an INTP with a VERY strong Fe or an Fe-dom with a strong and healthy Fe is good for me.

However, I do seem, IME, to get along with 
-INFJ, 

-INTJ, 

-most INTPs (we disagree a lot more, but this is what we like), 

-ISTJ, 

-sometimes ISFJ, mostly in how we view the world, but not in how we express it

-not so much ENFJ (though I adore them)

-ISFPs

-most ENTJs, at surface level, and sometimes all the way

-ESFPs at surface level

-usually INFPs, but I run into unhealthy ones a lot. it usually works fine

-ESTPs, ISTPs, usually.

-ESTJs and ESFJs at surface level. Always a fun time.

-ENTPs at not so much, though I adore them

-and some ENFPs, i meet a lot of unhealthy ones.Good luck on your conquest, lord! May our time award knightsmanship and.. stuff. Depends how you look at it. Do you consider a nice person as someone who bends to others and walks over their own standards, or someone who has high standards for humanity and won't bend?

Former = found in xNFPs, latter = xNFJs. But all types can reach it. I feel like those two types are the most predisposed.

But doesn't everyone have an idea towards being right and nice? At least to themselves? Or is it now defined as at least to others? The question isn't who's the nice guy, but what does each type consider when someone asks the question. Am I right?

Or someone who offers their all to people? xSFJs? Or someone that never tries to bother anyone else and respect's the space of others? INTP? Or someone who pushes the boundaries? ENTP?OH WOWSorry, but that sounds like any ExFP. Can't really relate to these much. Should I be considering that I'm not ENFP like I thought?i am so lazy to attempt to explain why as entirely and concisely, but IME, these have always worked together fairly well for me, as I determine myself to be ENFP. (5-7 years study verification being ENFP, being in part of many community typing)


Disclaimer: type is hardly all that comes into love


* ENFP INTJ - I feel like these make great friends. Their strengths will work together very well, but their weaknesses will clash very hard. Their shared outsider viewpoint on society, their passion to self-actualize, and their, again, IME, interests tend to be very well relatable - even if not mutual - and they mesh very well in so many other ways. There's a lot of things written about this pairing on the internet. It's often called one of the golden pairs, next to INTP x INFJ. There are hardly any communication barriers between ENFP and INTJ, and they always flow in conversation because they both want to expand their knowledge through connecting to others (this is a huge reason for them, amongst some other types, to get along) and they respect those that can understand them, because they can be very contrarion, esoteric, socially clueless, bad at getting their across, but ultimately, they are different - and love it. INTJ 5w4 and ENFP 4w5 works amazing to me (enneagram)


* ENFP ISFP - I've seen this work very well because they both strive, or at least are, extremely into the aesthetics - but their Ne and Se divides them into how they express it. This brings very much flavorful fun - if the two learn to socialize in each other's language and welcome it maturely, mutually most importantly, and of course, if they have enough reasons, whether through MBTI or not, to be friends. A lot of ENFPs and ISFPs are in art and they totally have different ways expressing it - but they very much respect each others, a whole lots. They also love being appreciated for their knowledge, but they often hate being the center of attention (they'd rather be semi-directly involved ,IOW, on the side with the boss, but not of the boss - side point: they don't like being controlled and will strive in each other's respect for individuality.) I run into a lot of communication barriers with ISFPs sometime, but when it's flowing, oh it's fucking flowing.

* ENFP INTP - Speaking of being appreciated for their knowledge, this is something INTPs and ENFPs both love very much, because they like to INSPIRE. No, they don't directly like being appreciated for their knowledge - what they actually enjoy is knowing their efforts and help are actually going to great use; they see it as some form of validation in the testing grounds, if I can speak vaguely. They both love knowledge, and while the INTP *LOVES* sharing what he knows, he will usually do so to those he truly cares about or if they can truly use it - and this is perfect because the ENFP truly loves hearing what inspires others - and ENFPs don't LOVE sharing what they know (so the conversational pace is good, there is no over- or under-sharing), so if the two can work together towards a conclusion with their rampant Ne going, it works amazing. However, Ti and Fi can deeply divide the two... although they reach the same conclusions, such as being laidback, doing what makes sense to ones inner self, being lazy but adamant in their morals, enjoying life at a pace, inspiring others, creating harmony with their intellectualism. They love to judge the information that leads to conclusions, one starting from Ti and the other Fi, so they might come into disagreements on why they actually may agree in the first place - or they come into disagreements because they see absolutely little validity in each other (if it can get bad). They're a very interesting pair, but they need to truly learn Ti and Fi both, but it's okay, they enjoy learning - so it's a battle that can be GREAT.

that's all for now. I wouldn't want to type if no one sees it xD.Professor Trelawney = )thank you for telling me about her she is now my crush and also i want to give an intp babies nowNot sure why you are being down voted - maybe because you said most likely type. Good post, though.Yeah, and I also got heavily downvoted for airing my curiosity. Upvoted for a good server : )that sounds like a relatively simple dream compared to the regular dreams i get as an ne dom usersame af

edit: enfp hereWhat is being in the grip of Si like? With it being the fourth/inferior function? ENFP here. You made me cringe. I do that so hard. God you probably know me. Hmm...  so we suck at small talk?
You should repost this so people can immediately read it and not have to click!
Sure, try this [cognitive function test] (http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm). Also a brief description of what you like to do, what it's like to be you, how you're going to change the world, etc. would be helpful.45% ENFP
27% INFP
8% ENTP
6% ESFP
6% INTP

Pretty neat!
She is spontaneous, likes to travel, seems to smile genuinely a lot (at least compared to me). She appears to be energetic, and part of her humor is self-deprecating. She rarely complains about things, and when she does she seems to use Fi to say how it's affecting her. She's into sciencey things. She has a dislike for social media. She seems to be sensitive to personal attacks (which partly is why I think she avoids sites like Reddit), although this is speculation. She dislikes social media. Her general disposition is sweet and nice. She is most likely to be one of the people to compliment someone on a photo. She likes animals. She doesn't seem to be attracted to material things. 
that was the most beautiful thing i've ever seen :')ENFPs - No, you are not unique or special in anyway. In fact, you're just following the herd. Also, you are no more intelligent than the average Joe. But you may be more stupid than many others. And stop being flaky pieces of shit that forget *everything* and all of their own commitments.Haha touche.Don't worry, I'm laughing through the tears as well. TT-TT&gt; INFP - too idealistic, think they are so giving, but they are actually selfish in many areas

I actually remember an INFP who I was friends back in secondary school and who I saw was **exactly** as you've described here.

&gt; ENFP - super flaky, **fakes to blend** in or disappears when uncomfortable

Also, I kind of feel this way :'( it's sad really. I feel as if I have no original thought.Woah, I think I'm in serious need of those.Interesting...
1 Room apartment with a matress in the corner, lotsa wall hangings and shelves to put stuff on. Lotsa plants. One lightbulb hanging from the ceiling.Haha! Thats actually my dream apartment. One room makes it cozy and easy to furnish and fill with cozy stuff 🌸🌸You cant, they are stuck up retards.I allways thought that ENTJ's make their eyes bigger. Like a monkey trying to intimidate you, not a tiger.
The devil 😆 YES to everything you said!Yeah, similar to that! I've found over the years that what really matters to me is what is deep, real and human. And how, in our loneliness and individuality, we are actually all connected. So, feeling understood by someone gives me an exhilaration, the way I expressed. I think that was it (although it was such a small thing and I kind of feel embarrassed for all I've written so far. But just to show you how my mind works as an ENFP 😊)I think soI think the real difference comes from the third, or stress response function. As an ENFP in a r/o with an INFP, I definitely use Te quite well to stay rational under stress and find solutions and implement them in a sort of dictatorial way. Whereas the INFP will use Si in conjunction with Fi and regroup, take care of their health and feelings, and hide from external sources.What just happened here? 😳It's funny you said that, that Fe-users are more aware of other people's feelings, because I always feel the opposite around them. Especially Fe-doms. Like, that they are cynical and don't care how I feel, or seem to care only superficially, for appearances sake. I don't know...but around Fe-doms I usually don't feel validated, I feel stomped upon. Really. Just stomped upon.

I really liked your Skype metaphor, but I'm also not sure if I agree with it. I'm always spreading myself thin by trying to accommodate others. The difference, I feel, is that I genuinely care about people and "feel" what they are feeling. An Fe-dom, again, to me seems to care in a machiavellian way, for their own profit.

The actual difference, I think, is that an Fi user needs to "feel" what other people are feeling in order to be empathetic. So it's deeper because we let ourselves feel all the shit others feel. Therefore it is also draining and we need to create a barrier. When you say that you were angry with someone because they didn't authenticate your feelings..I can understand that...maybe they were overwhelmed, because you made THEM feel all of what you were feeling. I personally need some adjust time so I don't get too sensitive about someone or something. Also, maybe they talked about themselves BECAUSE they were trying to feel empathy towards you and, like I said before, Fi users need to feel others emotions as their own in order to use Fi.look towards your stress function (3rd) to know if you're an INTP or ENTP. That's really where the difference lies. Fe vs. SiExactly, thanks for understanding. It's not meant to be selfish, but to relate. I actually feel your pain when I'm talking to Fi-doms because sometimes I also feel like they're being selfish. But I've noticed that if I bring the situation back to myself, they don't seem annoyed and are happy to participate in my emotion/experience/thought, so that proves to me that they aren't being selfish, but just relating . As for Fe-doms, I guess unhealthy ones will use that ability to see shifts in mood and manipulate people? Or force them to not shift their mood...or to shift to their liking? My mom is one...my previous two bosses...a good friend...They all have good qualities about them but can be really controlling and dictatorial too, I find. Maybe I just haven't had luck with Fe-doms...I mean I grew up with an Fe-dom telling constantly that I was "selfish" if I was ever sad or didn't feel the same as everyone else ...it basically fucked me because I still associate having and expressing feelings now as "being selfish" and feel the pressure to "put away" my feelings to attend to what is expected of me by others :/I don't agree with you at all. I absorb the mood of a room, I can instantly tell when someone is not ok and it really disturbs meI don't agree with the last. I am an extrovert and prefer one on one. So I can focus on the person and their feelings. I think this is very Fi, the authentication of the individual and individual freedom, in contrast with Fe users which will be interested in mediating a group, the "general" mood, the various moods of a groupThe first example I think is independent of Fi/Fe. The second example felt like something I would think and I also saw myself in your description of Fi, even though I'm not sure that's Fi. 

Does that make sense? You reminded me of me in the second example so maybe that's Fi but maybe that's another function as well idk.Not really. I have more envy of, like...Se types...or Fe auxMe tooI am moved by the thought someone could find inspiration in something I say or do. I didn't even remember my comment. Really, something you said hit me and I got emotional. Thank you fellow human being. Hugs.The Ni's in my life all seem way more organised and more serious than me so whatever, I give it to themWe don't have Fex2 I was thinking the other day that for some reason I seem to attract people (family, friends) that always want to tell me how to do things / interact with people / make choices / live in a way that I don't really see happen to anybody else. As if I was a child or something. Except I don't need that , unless I ask for it, so I don't know where they are getting those ideas from.That sounded like a snowflake falling and it was beautifulI'm with the Fi-dom on that one!I just have to say that I strongly agree with the two posters that replied to you and I think you have a stereotypical and negative view of Fi where, in your head, Fi is egotistical. This is really far from the truth and please read attentively what the other two users wrote as they are far better than me at explaining this.The big difference that can help you determine is the third function, i.e stress function, Te or Si.

Consider there is also the 1st-3rd function loop. So a stressed ENFP goes into manic Ne-Te mode, without any Fi. A stressed INFP turns inwardly and goes into Fi-Si mode, without seeing different possibilities (Ne).

You can find extensive info on this on the internet.Yeah, cool but also don't base it on a paragraph. 

Read more about it. For instance:
http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-forum-inspirers/74751-what-does-dom-tert-loop-look-like-enfp.htmlI thought Se/Ne was ok

Fi/Fe was off to be honest (I don't think it was honest to Fi), I mean, since it regards another person, I'd probably do a lot of considering their feelings etc,which do you means Fe, but I don't think that's right. I also don't decide if I want to see another person just on the basis of whether they are morally correct because I'm not a moral prick, or moral Hitler, so really I don't think Fi is well represented there

As for Te/Ti, I also don't think that's working, because I have overdeveloped Te and still, I'd pick the answer that you identify as Ti

Lastly, as for Si/Ni, I love history and in school I'd do both options, so I can't pick.I do the same as you and I'm Ne-dom! In fact, at a restaurant I always always ask my partner if I can sit towards the wall so I won't be distracted by anything elseI know, I also prefer to see what's going on and look around ahah but I have to "autopunish myself" so I can focus on my date, otherwise I get distracted with the slightest movement and they start getting pissed that I'm not paying attention to them. It's always like this 🤣What do you mean, different things? Care to explain?Yeah, I'd have picked Ne-Fe-Si-Ti

Also, you need to rank those so we can find the type, right?Ahah come on, it's fine, you tried.
There's a couple of cognitive function's test out there, none of them is pretty solid. Maybe take inspiration?! Or maybe it's indicative that cognitive function theory is not that accurate. At least Jung did not define it this way. Whatever, I don't know.THIS, so much. In the beginning I was like: do I really have Ne? Isn't this description something ordinary that everybody kinda has? My Fi-dom friend said the same when I described Fi to her. She kind of shrugged and was like: but isn't everyone like that?I always advise people to look at their 3ary as well! 😀Oh shit. This so much. Actually, the internet is horrible, such a source of distraction, it's like alcohol to an alcoholic. My thought process actually tires me out for how spread and unfocused it is. I try to Te myself out of it but it's exhausting so whatever I just go with the flow and do what makes me happy.

That didn't make any sense. Sorry. Lol The last sentence is a personal fave 😂🤣I'm.with the ESTP. What's the point of just tucking (ENTP)? I don't get it.

Also, I feel discriminated upon. My thinking skills are kick-ass. It's not like "feelers" don't have thinking functions too. Really reductive image, to say the least.Wow!Exactly. Why buy this? Then you have an extra object in your life and it helps you minimally. Seems stupid.It's not about feelings at all, it's about having a fine-tuned personal moral compass and ethical values and deciding to act and live one's life trusting that inner ethical compass instead of something external like other people's imposed morals.

Seriously, I cannot stress this enough.

For instance, when I go looking for Fi-doms, I don't look for the lonely artist or the tantrum-prone manchild, like some comments on this forum have indicated. Those are stereotypes and outward manifestations of what Fi could result in, not what Fi is.

I go looking for someone who acts strongly and consistently in an ethically-independent and coherent way. Most Fi-doms are not even very emotional, you'd think they were a "thinker" on first impression, for how little they show their emotions.

How things make you feel is not Fi, it's just the input. Fi is that nagging voice, it's a weak calling voice but persistent, that doesn't let you sleep at night because it keeps telling you that whatever you are doing or want to force yourself to do is against your principles and who you are as a person. Likewise, it filters other people's actions and words according to that nagging voice of "it this correct according to my principles and should I get away or come closer to this person and ideas?".

But it's not an imposition from me to you, unlike other judging functions. It deals with each person's individual truth. It is a system of filters and ranging of different weights of values, that are unique and diverse from Fi-user to Fi-user. Fi-users recognise that individuality and relative perspective in the world, so it's quite democratic. Something someone does to me may be unacceptable to another Fi user but not to me, and vice versa depending each other's different strengths and orders of values. But my values remain mine, they weren't imposed but established slowly over the course of my life and my experiences and how I was educated and will (almost annoyingly) remain unchanged, guiding me through life and assuring me that I am human and that my actions are kind (or whatever set of values you prefer, if you don't value kindness, like Hitler, who people say was also an Fi-user). It's the only constant thing, my backbone that is closer to who I am and that I can trust, when everything changes and when my Ne sends me to different shores every time, all the time.


The question is How can you live without it? And how can you not value it as an essential, if not the most essential, cognitive function in human experience?(regarding my post, thanks, and also, I'm aware my last sentence was exaggerated, I wrote it more to make a point than out of true belief. I just did so because there were some past comments about how Fi is the least useful function and I wanted to contrast that)Yeeeees to Ne! omg, thank you! I was starting to feel like such a loser (like, when people say they have magical new revelations that make any project work instantly and I think....ok I must be dumb)

Also, from your text, it seems like Ni also tops Ne. Something I hate about my thought process is how I get dispersed in so many different directions, and then I end up writing notes to explore other things I don't have time to right now in a "brighter, better future" but then end up with a list of notes of things I wanted to explore and no time to and it makes me feel anxious.

So I wonder....when does Ne "trump" Ni? Actually, when do any of the extroverted functions trump their introverted relatives? Thanks!Yeah. I also think OP is not an Fi user (but uses Ne) because some of those descriptions where better than others)Why is an ENTP giving lectures on Fi? I tend to be very humble about functions that are not my own, and ask.I've lived in my neighborhood for over 6 months and I've just noticed shops today for the first time. I was amazed at the level of diversity of stuff that is happening around me and that I never see, because I'm stuck in my mind.

I think that's a negative side.I have so many bruises on my arms from hitting doors too! I get so much in my head and in what I want to do that I don't see the physical world around me No. I just want things that work. Bad questionThis is just Te vs TiThat kinda escalated quickly....Where did you get this and can you find the enfp one please?I'm curious. Why would that be that bad? One could just forget, or say yes to avoid conflict, or think so and change ones mind etc. Funny that it disturbs INFJ and I genuinely would like to understand better because it's so far away from my personality and way of seeing the world. ThanksIdiotic homophobeI fail to understand how this is flirting, because I fail to understand how this would make the person I'm talking to more attractive. It's not even funny, it's just a waste of time.Yeah I'm not surprised you do it with your enfp friend, I read your post and I totally understood you lol I don't know why the intp is picking a fight lolI don't understand why Fe users are so wrong about Fi. It's not that at all, it's not about being egoistic at all, it's actually about feeling empathy for the other person. So no, an Fi user wouldn't do that, because we'd put ourselves in the other person's shoes. Unlike Fe, we can actually feel the pain of the person ourselves, that's how Fi empathy works, so I wouldn't send such a text because I would feel hurt and guilt and betrayal (of the other person, reflected on me) immediately.You took one word from what I wrote and ignored the rest, especially how an Fi user shows empathy and why I don't agree an Fi dominant like you say could write such a thing.You are the one saying THIS IS A SIGN OF AN ISFP OR INFP, you are the one making a generalization.That's racist as fuckYeah, at work I have a guy teaching me stuff and it doesn't work, it's not my system. He wants me to watch him, or for me to do stuff with him directly each step without explaining why or me having an input (I think he's using a mix of the Si/Se systems you have there) It doesn't work. I need to do things myself and make mistakes and try to correct them by myself and by asking my own questions to people who know, I don't learn by watching nor by memorising without understanding.What?? That doesn't make sense, then it would be Ne (you) and Ni (the INFJ) at the same time. Are you sure?What about it stresses you?
I got stressed about the Ni part on following instructions. You know how I follow instructions? I completely disregard them, might even trash them, and do my own troubleshooting. In the end, if something is not right or I'm stuck, I go finally read the instructions, but only the part that I'm interested in.
Im too ADHD to follow a linear scheme of thinking of another person. It's too slow too boring and probably not the way I would do itThat makes sense to me, I have close infps to me that learn as NI. However, now I'm thinking if this in someway invalidates mbti theory or, in contrast, if infp's associated cognitive function might be Si (in contrast to Ni for INJFs).Meh. Just do you babe. If it's not a disability in the sense of something that impedes your life then it's not a disease. There is too much medicalisation IMO, especially when it comes to ADHDOmfg! The INFP tooI understand youFor years I worked in menials tasks. Everyday I had to repeat the exact same as the day before, in order to measure repetition due to environment variability. You cannot believe the mental and even physical strength I had to exert to not change at least one small thing, to see "what would happen". It was a battle with myself and with my happiness. I was miserable.I got typed as infj too 😂lol all the timeMy big "fuck no I'm out of here" is an INTJ. The rest is more or less doable (maybe not ESFJ) but definitely never never fucking never an INTJ. 

I just can't with the constant ego trip of who can win a discussion because I couldn't care less about discussing things that do not matter. 

The INTJ has this kind of ego trip of thinking they are more intelligent than everybody else whilst being completely emotionally dumb, which is what I actually appreciate. so they make me enter stupid debates just to prove I can win them if i want, but then I'm forced to do so about shit i don't care about.

The ones that are aggressive are even worse.

I just can't. Not bothered. Give me an INFP or INFJ any day though 🤤Lol i know. I've had 2 or 3 INFP exes, we are friends to this day 🥰Oh but I do that too. That's Ne i think. I like doing that, brainstorming, going on with ideas and stuff. But the intj is probably using Ti too? Not sure, but it's a different process from my own, it's more structured, maybe about finding a single cause or justification, whereas I live in the world that everything is relative and can be explained by different points of view at any time, as in, there is not one single truth, as in quantic physics where a single electron can be in two places at the same time. I don't enjoy forcing a single model or vision of the world, but I do enjoy exploring the diversity of the world, if that makes sense. That's probably how an ENFP would differ from an INTJ if i may be so bold as to speak for all ENFPs. And i am not saying all INTJ are arrogant or mean, it's just my perception of them as an ENFP (again, there isn't a single truth, but what is important for me is how they affect me, and i wouldn't want a relationship with one).Yes for sure. I've met quite a few (between 5-10), all men, probably 6w5 in enneagram or 5w6, one of them my father actually. Now i wonder how women INTJs are 🤔Why would I even try to attack an INFJ? You guys are the kindest and most considerate type in MBTI. It would be like attacking a fairy ❤️It's not about you, it's about how I don't date INTJs. That's all.I can totally do this and I'm an ENFP 🤷‍♀️

In fact, i just did this for a whole week because it's lockdown, my coworkers are online and I live alone.

They didn't say we cannot talk to people (online) so it's all good.Totally 😂Yeah. I had a period in my life where I felt lonely and it was horrible. I was craving for human interaction and would go 2 or even 3 months without talking to a friend. Sometimes I would go to the supermarket just to have a short dialogue with the cashier. 😔

I think the big difference is whether your lack of social contact is wanted or unwanted. If you can take some days to yourself and you know you could see friends and family at any time if you wanted, then it's all good. But it's the not being able to see anyone when you'd like to that...kills ya 😕An INFP, scatterbrained? 🤔 You sure? Maybe she's an ENFP. I cannot think of any of my INFPs being scatterbrained at all, they have tend to be quite attentive to detail and have good memory.As an ENFP: seriously, i continue talking waiting for the other person to speak. I continue to explain until they interrupt me because they finally understood. A bit like a news anchor trying to entertain the audience until the field journalist is ready to speak.Yes i know. Like, my ex and best friend is an INFP bi know the cognitive functions lolLol thanks you explained perfectly what I wanted to say, I'm exactly the same 🙂
&gt; A great example is an ENFPs Fi will attack the credibility of the witness (ad hominem). To an ENFP this is completely logical because a person's character or background effects their perception. Society agrees by saying yes this is true in the courtroom.

Yes, I think this is a great example as well. It shows the shortcoming of Ti in everyday life. Explains many arguments with my girlfriends lol. This is very interesting, thanks for sharing. I do seem a little more biased toward the Ne-ENFp (Ne-IEE).Not that you deserve to be down voted, but I really hate this stereotype grrr.This is a solid write up in the portraits IMO. The language just doesn't really lend itself well when discussing feeling vs. thinking, as many have pointed out before. It took me FOREVER to understand what Fi was both as a standalone concept and what it meant to me. Especially since I'm very comfortable with Te. Now I can understand Fi and I'm no less of a "thinker" (in the everyday sense).Haha yeah I can relate to the overthinking and subsequent explosion. For me no one really gets to see it though unless they catch me in the middle of it and try to make me extrovert the inner chaos before I've rebuilt.

Never really related to the gullible goofs part though, and am slightly peeved by it when it's thrust on ENFPs all the time :)

The recent pop-wave of stoicism and western Buddhism has really help me add some distance to that and redefine my emotional outcomes as logical inputs.

Yeah sorry if I implied the stereotype wasn't well-originated/confirmed in some way (as best as stereotypes can). 

It's just it really messed with my typing for a long time, and I'm just as turned off by the people you've described. Like physically turned off, haha. I remember having full on logical arguments with my mom about God when I was 6. Probably because I was lazy and didn't want to go to church, but mostly because it never ever made sense to me, not for one second. Granted as I've gotten older my spirituality has become more charitable and a bit more colorful, but I don't think it has come at the cost of rational skepticism (Fi value?). When people talk like that I just shut up and put on my bomb suit. Even after an amazing stint with psychedelics I'm super afraid of accidentally adopting any kind of woo mysticism, as profound as the experience was.

The only thing I could apply your description of impulsivity/sensitivity to is art and sports (or general physical activity). These forms of expression tough deep into what it means to be human for me, and I don't appreciate when people lazily dismiss it, or make me have to justify every little detail. Coincidentally a lot of these are the "I-don't-have-feels-crowd." For these things I'll definitely lead with my "that's so fucking cool" compass, but my mind will immediately race to deconstruct as I judge its value to me.

Anyway thanks for listening and letting me respond. Thought I was an ENTP for the longest time so all of these helping me reframe my understanding from an FiTe perspective. So confusing because the ENTP sub feels exactly like my own brain. But I can't disregard Fi, I think.


In my younger days I would've publicly torn them apart. And probably been quite patronizing in the process (note: I don't actually think this, but wouldn't be surprised if someone thought so). I do get angry that their irresponsibility and intellectual laziness is causing measurable harm, but I think that's secondary to what I see as an affront to reason and logic. I guess that's the Te-Bulldozer?

Nowadays I leave people to their opinions, no matter how ignorant, unreasonable, or irrational they may be. It's just not worth my time. I am confident in my ability to convince or at least destabilize the most stubborn person, but it takes hours of handholding and establishing the proper premises. I take extreme care and precision in my rhetorical arguments because being misunderstood is a complete waste of time for everyone. Logos, pathos, ethos: I'll adjust to whatever ratio is required for my audience.

TL;DR - I want to punch those people in the face but don't because that'll put me in jail and make me into a social pariah.Eh? You want my FPness in your ass?Haha I love INTPs. But Ne is not up for question. It's mostly the FiTe/TiFe divide.Yeah I consider myself somewhat of an adjusted hippie. But the naturalistic fallacy common to those types annoys me so much. UGH, it's obviously bad cause it's not NATURAL!- Being the best and most authentic version of myself that I can be (Fi).
- I love deconstructionism. I deeply respect personal subjectivity, but not all opinions are of equal merit. Such and such movie is a shit movie, I don't really care how you feel about it. I love artistic expression in any form.
- I love inspiring others. My goal is to leave the world just a tiny bit better than I left it. That means exercising relentless charity, optimism, and open-mindedness.
- I'm an adrenaline junkie. Love sports and risk.

Just off the top of my head.

Sorry to everyone if I'm not being as effective with my answers...nursing a nice whiskey buzz at the moment 😄.

Oh yeah. I will say it took me a little bit extra to take a stand on GMOs, given that...everything is a GMO, haha.Lol yeah I think so too. It's just about degrees I guess, because I definitely "feel" something. But it's mostly extroverted as an annoyance for illogical arguments. I definitely don't get offended.

And you bet the itty-bitty repressed SJW in me got triggered. I actually col'd (chuckled out loud?) at your example. It was a good one 😉.No, howabouts you witness deez _____?Wtf?! As someone else that works in software, I just don't believe you.

This is as weird as when I was in that thread where some ENTPs came out as believers of horoscopes.

Unfortunately that conversation also came with a lot of ENFP shaming.Nailed it :)Disclaimer: A little drunk right now.Two things come to mind for me:

* [Exhibit One](http://datamining.typepad.com/images/blogosphere-map-core-min2.gif)

* [Exhibit Two](https://media.licdn.com/mpr/mpr/shrinknp_800_800/AAEAAQAAAAAAAAVBAAAAJGYyNzIxNTk2LWVjZWYtNDIwOC1iYmE3LWYwZGQ4ZTgzZGUwYw.jpg)

I realize that both can be a generalized model for how any human thinks, but since we're talking about affinities...yeah traversing those structures feel pretty effortless to me. I relentlessly categorize, order, and derive metamodels for everything in front of me. Information keeps flooding in and I have no choice but to keep recontextualizing to keep everything valid and meaningful. Since Ne moves so fast I use a lot of impressions, and once I get the gist of something (while being as intellectually honest as I can be) I move on. 

In debates it's hard for me to take a definite position on anything. The best I can offer is the framework as I know it at this point in time, and question and/or develop the positions of the people I'm talking to. Spent about 2 years mulling over the same conundrum and I came to the same conclusion myself. ENFP with logic being a core Fi value. 

I've met plenty of INTPs, but I think when I met an bonafide ENTP is when I saw the differences between FiTe and TiFe.Software Product Manager / UX DesignerPlease don't stop posting. And keep up the drawings :)My typing journey went INTP &gt; ENTP &gt; ENFP.

I consider myself a pretty T-oriented ENFP. I don't "think" I'm too susceptible to Fi-explosions/emotional stonewalling (or too many value judgements) in debate, but that's definitely my own bias talking.

Help a brother out?Have you ever had a feeling? A feeling so overwhelming that you have to share it? It's an amazingly beautiful thing. 

I'm sitting in front of my work laptop at 1:30am on a Sunday morning about to finish up some tasks. But I have that exact, ridiculous, overwhelming feeling right now.

I woke up at 7:30am today to attend an 8-hour meditation retreat. And spent the last 5 hours (and year, really) catching up with old friends.

I always try my best to constantly figure out the rules that make a good life, and a good person. And a good society. To a neurotic degree (which is why I love the cognitive functions!). Truly, there is a lot to understand. But for me, it distills to one simple idea.

When the time comes, for us to leave this world behind, the best we can do is go on our own terms. With the utmost confidence and the least regret - to feel like we made the world a better place. And to give those we leave behind the best chance for success. That we have imprinted our unique personality upon a cold, emotionless, and altogether uncaring world. 

But I owe this deep understanding to everyone I've ever known. Everyone I've ever met. The support you've given me breaks me inside. I can't tell you enough how much it means to me.

I believe in life. I believe in personal will and triumph over the human condition. I believe in optimism and the destruction of negativity through relentless positivity and open-mindedness. I believe in abundance. I believe that a fragmented, tribal group of sentient primates can make sense of this incomprehensible, immeasurably vast universe.

In short, I believe in you. I believe in your potential and your gift. There will never be anyone like you ever again in the history of the world. 

Don't be selfish. Invest in people. Show us what you've got. You owe it to all of us :)
I use it to better understand myself. Now I can predict and understand why I'm feeling down or stressed out. (Like, if I spend a week using too much Te to get things done, my Fi will explode by the weekend and swallow me whole because apparently suppressing feelings is bad.)

I also use it to understand others and be better at interacting with them. I have a friend (type unknown) who thinks mbti is creepy and I'm using it to manipulate people ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
so idk. I thought I just liked learning about other peopleactually though, there are a *ton* of mistyped ESFPs over on r/ENFP  , which is totally fine i love u guys (i don't want a sensor purge like r/intj had a while ago :/), but I bet r/ESFP would be a ton more active if the people who are mistyped, became not-mistyped lolWhen I first got into mbti, my first reaction was to learn all about the functions and to type all of my friends. It's been like a year or so since then but I still have a couple of friends I haven't typed because I have a hard type seeing Se because I still don't actually understand it.there were a ton of people accusing individuals that they weren't INTJs just because they made a post or comment that, i guess, didn't seem INTJ-enough. There were jokes about it on r/ENFP because, as a sub, we recognize that there a lot of ESFPs lingering about but accusing someone you don't know of being wrong about their personality is pretty wrongI excel in music and english and history.  

I hate math and science. I want to know a little about everything and I hate being forced to learn the intricacies of things that I don't care about.I have a good friend who is an ENTJ. He's immature and so awkward in social situations that he avoids them (but he has no problem taking charge of bunch of people, like I do lol). I agree that it happensI think the context of you comment didn't make much sense and it looked a little sassy. I actually don't know what this meme is from I just forgot what the original post was about and started talking lmaoDAE scroll through this with anxiety because I did haha XDThat we're always happy. I experience high highs and low lows like any other Fi user. Also I don't understand the "ENFPs have commitment issues" stereotypeENFP, Neutral good
I'd think being an ENTP (especially a 7w8) would be pretty dope.Two: Northernlion (ENTP) and Rockleesmile (INFP). Some of the funniest conversations I have ever heard. I don't consider myself charismatic, or loudly outgoing. I'm only loud and goofy with my friends but otherwise I keep a poker face and don't talk much unless needed. (Most ENFP stereotypes disregard our Fi unless it's about "standing up for a cause!!!!")Huh. Always see people on various ENFP boards talking about how charismatic they are/ attract a lot of interest from people they don't know to well. I guess they're mistyped/outliers. Thanks for the clarity!Depends how much astrology they also included in their description.

I regularly lose my shit when I see other ENFP 9s though honestly.Hah I was mostly joking but your Sun sign is fine! It's when you have your sun, moon, rising signs together with your enneagram tritype with variants plus your hogwarts house and temperament. Like I'll keep other personality shit not in my short bios but honestly your main sign is a-okay IMO. 

EDIT: SpellingBreloom! It has a cool design (velociraptor mushroom)!! It's also cute. 

Though if I had to pick one type I'd choose flying, which I think is very ENFP!I'm an ENFP 9! 9 is a very ambivalent type. Don't worry if you don't have a common combo, there are correlations but that doesn't mean that unusal combos aren't legitimate.Definitely 9w1. I agree with what you said about being both lazy and perfectionsitic. I don't think I have an 8 bone in my body honestly. As an ENFP, I never really clicked with any INTJs. I really like IxTPs though.As a lazy ass NFP I would never make something communal look shitty. Yeah my bed and desk is a fucking mess but if someone else is using it (kitchen, bathroom) I make it nice cause I know other people are more bothered by messes than me. Good stuff. Together I think they do a better job then separately. Especially if you're not your MBTI type's most common enneagram type. It adds a little more distinction to when I'm stereotyping/shitposting which is also all that matters.Nah. Maybe at some point I was using it to justify literally every aspect of me but I'm passed that point.
ENFP -

As a safe job, I'd want to pursue something medical related. Or forensics, idk.

As a job that'd be freakin awesome to gain experience in, I'd pick Filmmaking/Screenwriter/Cinematographer. Those jobs always appealed to me, but they're not easy to find and not so reliable in keeping.

edit: messed up my type lol
Based on your description of BS, I'd say --TJ.

I think everyone wants "zero bs".  My idea of bs is quite different from yours.Fairly social.  Part of it had to do with being home most of the time which helped me recharge.  I generally played with the same small group of kids from the street that I lived on.


Literally before school, I would be throwing up because of anxiety.
Well, since we're here: Those who have done so, what did you get?

I feel like I'm going to see ENFP + Hufflepuff pop up more than onceHow did it specifically correlate to it? I took the Enneagram test, but I didn't linger on it too long. Nothing felt exactly right (and all the descriptions mostly focused on the negative aspects, so maybe it was more to do with the specific site).

What sorts of conclusions did you draw between the two?I don't know any other extroverts, so I went there and it totally threw me off. I marveled at the weekly threads, I don't think I'd ever touch them.

Something about a bunch of people just spewing their accomplishments into the internet as a group just feels weird and impersonal. I did do an emotional dump post once because I thought "Welp, if there's no one in person then this is kind of the place to do it, I guess."

I spend 99% of my time on reddit lurking in [/r/ISTP.](https://www.reddit.com/r/istp/) I love them.Can't stop me.&gt;depression echo chamber

Amazing.ENFP: Steven Universe, Disney's Rapunzel

I feel like it's telling that the only ones I can think of off the top of my head for ENFP are cartoons (albeit well done ones)I don't much agree with the ENFP one. I can't speak for everyone, but in my regard a lot of it is pretty far off. 

Yes, I like to figure people out. All of the people I'm close to are introverts, and romantic attractions follow the same path. My first order of business when getting to know someone is a lot of delving; how much can I learn about you, how fast. I am incredibly interested in the small details of someone's life. That said, I've found that do I very intensely like a challenge.

Now, when I say a challenge, I don't mean that in a superficial way: On the contrary, I tend to seek out the people that are hardest to get to know because they tend to be the most rewarding. There is a great deal of depth there, and I take pride in becoming one of the few to understand their inner workings and thoughts. It's not a conquest and done, it's more like uncovering Atlantis. Endless things to see and study and learn, each aspect exciting, and the thrill of finding it in the first place only accentuates it.

I would never try to push buttons or get on someone's nerves to test limits. I do, however, appreciate when someone can put up with my idiosyncrasies. In fact, I often worry a great deal that I might get on someone's nerves. 

I find I'm most attracted to someone that makes me feel emotionally grounded. Someone that's calm, centering, but can deal with my chaos. I love to run amok, go off on my own personal adventures-- so someone that gets jealous if I do things without them or dislikes me spending time with other people feels very restricting and suffocating. Intellect without coldness, personal connection, someone continually fascinating (though i find that many introverts are in my book). Laughing at me or making fun of me is just fine, but I adore someone that treats me as an actual human being instead of writing me off as a mess or naive, etc. The two times I've truly felt attracted to a man, I've found their presence very centering and focusing, I felt more adult and capable sheerly off how grounding being around them is/was. It's a very addictive feeling. I was feeling the same way as an ENFP, and I see the other reply was ENTP. This an Ne thing? I don't like moving around the house a lot unless I have total freedom in it.See, my thought with it was that Ne is all about ideas and possibilities and a lot of spontaneity, so having other people to be conscientious of is rather restrictive. Freedom feels like an important thing for us. So I guess it might also be theorizing contributing factors to why we may be a little more introverted at times.It has dawned on me that I may have a very weak secondary function. I don't know a great deal about Dom-Tert loops, so I could stand to be corrected.

What do Ne-Te loops look like? 

How does someone start developing their secondary??
I think the reaction you describe is common, though it obviously differs from person to person in terms of which function(s) the person has a knee-jerk reaction to and why. I'm more curious about the why in your case - what about Fi and Te is most off-putting to you? Hm. I don't think you're an INTP. You express a strong desire to be in the company of others having external experiences (E) and with some structure/plan to your journey. You mention going into your head, but sort of as an afterthought. You also mention that if your friend likes someone, you will accept their judgment without question unless you see a glaring flaw in the person. 
To sort of narrow things down more, I would look up the descriptions of Fe and Se and see if either of them resonates more with you. Immature Fi can definitely look like that. Mature Fi can be more constructive (think George Orwell, Fi-dominant who used his internal principles to advocate for social justice). The association of Te with petty power plays I haven't heard and is more surprising. That's my goal too - better seeing where you are coming from. I've seen quite a lot of unhealthy Fi dominance, but am curious about healthier manifestations. 
Orwell may not be the best example of that, on second thought, in that his personal life was somewhat unfulfilled. I don't know if any disturbing qualities of 1984 are necessarily related to type theory/George Orwell's type.
(Also, for context, I'm an ENFP w a bunch of ISFJ friends :))

As to introversion/extroversion, you may be shy, but do you prefer being in your head or interacting with your environment? Are you spending more time alone by choice or is it your preference? 

Also, I'm curious as to how you know T is more natural to you? That all makes sense. I am an F who prefers the solution-based approach like you but I have to switch off the empathizing mode, so to speak, which it sounds like you don't have to do. I'd look further into istp vs intp differences which may clarify things for you. I definitely get the Se vibe on a reread of your original post. Also, I would doubt ISTJ also since your OP had a pretty go-with-the-flow vibe.I have encountered ESFJs with these tendencies.What made you think N over S? You treated the hypotheticals based on experience from your own life, which read very S at first glance. ISFJ?1d struck me as very J. As for Si, what about it was most different from you? I tend to associate Si with a reliance on past experiences, traditions, frameworks etc as a sort of guidance. ISFJs may believe that systems exist for a reason and working within one may provide comfort and flexibility. I'm not sure if that's consonant with your experience or if I'm categorizing it properly. I'd agree that Richard is a feeling type, but not because he cares what other people think - I'd actually argue for Fi over Fe. Breaking up with Winnie because of tabs over spaces seemed Fi dominant - he had a principle and it was violated. He is quite sensitive to criticism. The contrast with Gilfoyle (whose Ti is very strong) is illustrative here. Richard is not good at foreseeing future outcomes as a Ti user would do, nor can he detach himself from situations. He must do what he believes to be "right" and postpones action until he has made a decision in line with his values ("I have to be the CEO because I made the product. When our company becomes successful, it won't be corrupt like Hooli." Etc)
I think people are typing him as INTP because INTPs are more common among engineers. I'd hazard INFP.I'd say ISFP for Bighead. Not a J type for sureI think this answer implies a superiority of Fi over Fe regarding genuineness, which cannot be objectively proven. You cannot actually *know* if a desire is coming from the core or the crust (philosophical zombie problem). And I say this as an ENFP. I've seen Gus typed as ENFJ which could also fit. Also, could Hazel be a Si dom? I see that more than Ti. She is constantly returning to her favorite book. She draws comfort from that familiarity. She has a good memory and is observant to details in her surroundings (details of her own health, how people are interacting, etc.)Also, if she's ISFJ (which is what I've seen elsewhere and what I tend to agree with), there's tertiary Ti there. Fair point regarding typing fictional characters - definitely bound to be inexact, it's an exercise more for fun than anything else. Your counter-arguments for Si also make senseCaveat - subject interests (Art, English, etc) and tastes (indie, unconventional) are not necessarily indicative of type. 

Also, sources and past experience to make decisions falls under Te which is inferior for both ISFPs and INFPs so that's not evidence you're ISFP. 
Hey, I remember your post over on r/enfp from the other day. For lack of a better phrase, I'm really sorry you are feeling this way. How long have you felt this way? Has something happened to you recently to precipitate these feelings? I remember in your other post you were looking for supplements to try, any luck with that? 
(I am sort of conflicted here between the desire to make sure you have evaluated all possibilities before making your decision, belief in the right to die/suicide if you so choose, and of course lack of knowledge of your situation such that it is difficult to offer words of comfort or advice that would be particularly helpful.)What's making you ask for a brief and to the point explanation here? (I'm trying to elucidate something that may or may not be relevant by this question). That's true - for example, Rick on Rick and Morty is almost the essence of an ENTPWhat is the better ideal they can imagine and how do you differ from it (from their perspective?) This seems the most relevant question. ENFP here, can second this. If I'm really bored I could extrapolate from minor stimulus to chained what ifs that don't even make sense. INTJ is rarer so that's worth keeping in mind as well. Interesting. I would (if you have the chance to talk to them) ask them more about this and you could openly discuss areas for growth and improvement. As an ENFP if I see that someone is willing to improve themselves (either in response to something I suggested or in response to his/her own drive for self-improvement), I respect that a lot (this applies to friendships and relationships). It shows me that the person is committed to "progress" (quite a vague term, but you see what I mean, I think) and it also shows me that he/she will be willing to help me improve myself, too, including giving me open feedback about how I could do better. (I may be hurt by criticism at first, but ultimately appreciate the intention - as I see it - of making sure I don't stagnate). So it may not be just that you were not "open" enough but that you didn't openly (ha) speak about wanting to change your openness?
Necessary caveat in giving relationship advice to a stranger on the internet is that I don't know if this is helpful or relevant and I could elaborate more if you like. I see. Your interpretation makes sense. The long comment below seemed on target too and like the beginning of a productive discussion.  Bear in mind (just posted something similar on a thread where OP was asking if he was INTJ) that INFJs are very rare. What makes you think you have extroverted thinking? (Not a leading question, just curious as a starting point).http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/I'm interested, expand on this? I'd gotten the impression of her writing fluff at worst and mildly elucidating/funny stuff at best. (Given that, though, there was probably a better page of someone else's to have linked to if I had put in more effort).Thank you, I'll be more wary of her approach in the future. Sure!Seems like a Fi dom for sure.As an ENFP, being an INTP for a day would be fun. Lol, ENFP w ENTP SO checking in. I'm surprised and amused that this is the top comment.Yeah, as an ENFP who initially mistyped as an INFP, this is one of the biggest differences I've noticed between myself and INFPs I've seen or encountered. I get excited about random shit and it's hard for me to hide that. Even someone else being excited about something I thought was boring could become exciting if they talked about it long enough or in the right way. INFPs seem quietly excited about a narrower range of topics and will go deeper into them than I probably would, but will also only show that excitement once they know you better. After hearing interviews, I'd say INTP is less likely. His biggest concern with Donald Trump was something like "I don't want a President who can't put himself into other people's shoes. Empathy is the most important a quality a leader should have." It's harder for me to imagine a Ti dom saying something like that. Mother: ESFJ 
Father: INTP 
Half-brother (from dad): ENFP 
Half-sister (from dad): INTJ 
Me: ENFP 
Yeah my parents are divorced now. Types don't dictate relationship success by any means, but given how emblematic they each are of their type, it's nonetheless not surprising.My dad is a Christian INTP (theologian actually). From what I've observed, he starts from the fundamental axioms of the religion as he sees them and works up from there. He does not talk much about his religion and is not touchy-feely about it - I've never heard him say anything like "everything happens for a reason" or "god is your friend" the way I've heard other Christians say. When he speaks, he talks of commandments on which (in his opinion) everything else rests. I'm an atheist and he doesn't appear too bothered by it (unless I'm missing something).Definitely a Fe dom. ENFJ &gt; ESFJ because an ESFJ would probably be less likely to be interested in overturning an existing structure. I think Margaery is also an ENFJ, incidentally. She may be even more successful of a manipulator than he is, since I'm pretty sure she knows he's manipulating her, but he doesn't know she's manipulating him. Actually, thank you for prompting a clarification. I have known people who said it who were not practicing Christians, but in all cases I can think of they were raised Christian, identified as spiritual, and had replaced God with some concept of fate which appeared equivalent. But their certainty about the concept was stronger than that of even *practicing* Muslims I've known (who would say something like "Maybe there is a purpose to x event. How can we know?")In every scene, he seems to be able to successfully create a social atmosphere or influence the mood. Just out of curiosity, what is the rationale for using Enneagram? From what I've seen, it is based in religious mysticism and has been widely called pseudoscientific. I have heard that people can mistype as INFP during a stressful time of life or if they are depressed or socially anxious. Maybe you also mistyped? Without more info, it's hard to know. I would take a look at the functions for INFP and see if you relate to them instead of going by posts in forums. Maybe you have already done this? 
Regardless, it seems like you are taking a look at your life and not liking where you are. Maybe if you are discouraged about your weight you could try losing weight and this may help your confidence in social situations. What makes you think INTP? Thanks for this very thoughtful answer!Not unusual, I'm an ENFP with some ISFJ friends. I admire their conscientiousness and they like that I am "quirky" (for lack of a better word). They are patient when I occasionally flake out on plans.My dad is an INTP. He loves his kids a lot, albeit in a somewhat detached way. He was very committed to helping put us through college which I appreciated. I have comparatively small student loans as a result. He also took my opinion seriously from a young age, but always asked me to back up my beliefs or statements with evidence, which was very helpful and had a lasting effect. He was a bit perplexed if I was upset especially when I was a teenager. But overall, I wouldn't trade him for the world.

(For context, my mom has BPD, bipolar I, and a history of psychosis. In her case, she has dealt with these conditions by frantically trying to make herself seem like the most loving person in the world. But there's nothing underneath it. (This is specific to her, not a generalized statement about these conditions). I'll take my dad's blunt reserve over her profusions of caring any day. I sometimes do wonder how much he thinks about his kids if we're not there, but I know the affection he expresses comes from an authentic place). Can't really think of an obsessive hatred. Sometimes obsessive confusion about why someone is acting a certain way. Also, sorry you are experiencing trolling. Didn't realize that was a problem on this sub.Don't know if this is always true? I'm an ENFP and I'll say stuff like "do you need any help" or "are you comfortable there".Ok, I think I see the source of my confusion. I would say that I ask these questions less from the pleasure of helping others and more from conscience/some sort of value judgment about the situation (Fi). If I know someone has a shoulder problem and they are carrying heavy bags, I feel almost compelled to ask if they need help. I can carry the bags more easily, thus avoiding harm to someone I care about, and therefore I should. This seems different from an Fe user who would, I'd wager, ask the question because it is socially acceptable or because asking creates a feeling of greater harmony.

I can see that my Fi is auxiliary instead of primary because I will override my conscience, so to speak, if I am doing something interesting (Ne). It feels like a check on my ideas rather than a default perspective. In fact I might forget about my "values" until something else reminds me. 

That being said, I tend to tell Fi vs Fe more based on reactions to controversial topics. Say you take an Fi user and an Fe user, both of whom are pro-choice. Put them in a room with someone pro-life and have them talk about abortion. The Fi user in my experience will have more difficulty hiding their dismay at the other person's position ("really? You're pro-life?" with a confused expression). They feel "fake" pretending they agree with the other person. The Fe user is more likely to humor the other person by giving an appropriate answer. They will smooth out the tension from the different perspectives potentially clashing ("that's interesting. Tell me more"). They do not care if they are saying what they truly feel, only what is most suited to the needs of the social situation.

Do these characterizations mesh with your experience?I always thought Daenerys was very INFJ. What makes you think otherwise?I think you've convinced me, especially with the tertiary Si and inferior Te. I can make a case for Ni instead of Fi (interpretation of portents weaved together into a singular vision), and Fe vs Ne for auxiliary is also debatable (Daenerys is good at putting on the face she wants to put on, as when she pretends to be an innocent young girl who knows "little of war" to achieve a social objective). But I don't see the Ti and Se in her for INFJ, especially not anything T-related as tertiary.Yeah, I've mistyped variously as INFP, INTP, and INFJ. Looking at the functions helped me a lot in figuring out I was an ENFP.That's a good point. I'd agree INFP over ISFP. The Se doesn't seem so high up in her stack. Also, I've seen ENFP for her which is definitely wrong. Also, I like Melisandre as INFJ. I'd thought ENFJ but her Ni &gt; Fe when I think about it. Could Doran be INTJ? I've seen INFP for Bran but INFJ could also work. I have seen the story of the week in others, can confirm.Not necessarily true, I'm an ENFP and I get along well with ENFJsSomething I've noticed: ENFJs tend to be more interested in new or different concepts, ESFJs tend to be more interested in possibilities for people. You see this in conversation.
ENFJ: did you see this new article about connection between socialist beliefs and support for Republican candidates? It really surprised me! I would not have thought there would be a connection there. What do you think about it? 
(NB: this is a fake study). 
ESFJ: so-and-so told me she always wanted to be a psychologist, but never had the chance. I told her that given her interest in art she should try art therapy instead and just sent her links to a program nearby!
Can others confirm? This seems very accurate. I'm an ENFP and my good ENFJ friends I've noticed are very good at asking follow-up questions to clarify an emotional state before giving advice.
Like you said, exactly as you did here :)I started it and loved the concept at first but it felt too self-aggrandizing as it went on. I got the sense the author was used to always being the smartest person in the room and that he may not be as smart as he think he is. 
I don't know about Harry's type but it has to be something extroverted because he is obsessed with bouncing his ideas off people.
Edit: correctionStorytelling was good quality until about 1/3 of the way through, which is when I stopped. A detail I forgot to mention is that Harry biting a math teacher who didn't know what a logarithm was something the author actually did. The knowledge is useful but if you are interested in the concepts you could probably get more from Wikipedia than a more subjective method of explaining it. (Like I've been wanting to learn more about Bayes' Theorem for a while but I don't feel like I understand it better after HPMOR because I don't know how much of it is filtered by the author's understanding). I did think the interactions between Harry and Draco were interesting and I liked the take on the Sorting Hat.

Edit: deleted extra wordI've noticed this too. One female ISFJ friend tried to stop her boyfriend from drinking or talking to other girls while drunk. They're no longer together. My INFJ mother-in-law is not like this at all. Any time she gives me a recommendation, she will often preface it by saying "I'm not trying to tell you what to do. Decide for yourself." From what I've seen of her interactions with my father-in-law, she's not interested in controlling him either. I thought she was ESFPWhat type are you?"favorite person to talk politics with" is definitely not offensive. Don't know where you got that impression. It sounds like a compliment!I think you may actually be an ISFP as you originally thought.
You mention struggling with theoretical or abstract concepts and liking to do things rather than talk about them. That rules out Ne IMO.
All the activities you mention are "in the environment" like kayaking, etc = Se aux.
You mention not wanting to go against your values so there's Fi there. I'm thinking Fi dom because you mention searching for your identity, feeling "hollow" or inauthentic around others, and leading with a values-based decision - like your headphone example. 

Alternatively, ESFP?I'm going to throw out a theory here. I have no attachment to it but I'm curious. What if acceptance of authority is inversely proportional to how high up Ti or Fi is in your stack? With Ti or Fi first your subjective logic or morality is how you make sense of everything. So why would you inherently respect an authority? With Te or Fe first the empirical logical or social consensus is paramount.

So types most resistant to authority would be INFP, INTP, ISFP, ISTP. Types most respecting of authority would be ESTJ, ENFJ, ESFJ, ENFJ. 

Oh ok! That is helpful about your understanding. INFP is a possibility then, although I still see the Se in there from all your liking of activities. I can't see INFPs I've known saying they would spend their ideal day doing all the activities you mention. Very fair. Teasing out which types would "accept" or "resist" which types of "authority" and what exactly we mean by those terms would be interesting but I'm a laze of myself ATM to make an argument comprehensive enough to do the subject justice.Ultimately so do I, see my follow-up comment above.ENFP - bored by watching sports unless there is a human interest angle ("he is the first ever skier from Kuwait, he had to travel to Norway to train, how is he even here, will he beat his time?") or it's a distinctive sport I'm not familiar with (I could watch Tough Mudder or cats playing ping-pong.)
I'm shit at playing sports but I could see how it would be fun if I were more competent. Yeah, this sounds a LOT like Ni.Wish I could upvote this twice.ENFP. Horned Serpent. (Also gryffindor if that's relevant)Lol as an ENFP the OP's post perfectly describes all the times my Te is reining in my Ne :) Type Awesome.

J/K. ESTJ seems likely. I see more Te than Si, so ruling out ISTJ on those grounds. Nah, Ne couldn't be in the same world for that many years, it'd get boring :)By being honest with you, I'm sure your brother is trying to help you out! I'm happy when I'm close enough to someone that they call me out on shit. You should feel lucky that your brother (despite your attitude of entitlement regarding your values!) is still willing to talk openly with you. Pretty soon he'll probably realize you'll never listen to his advice and start lying to you instead. Is that really better? I could buy Ne by that logic, but not Ne dom. Could she be INFP?Her adult books are not great and don't offer much clarification. Certainly her writing is not symbolic in the way I associate with INFJ writers (Tolstoy, Dostoevsky). Harry Potter does have this ethical grounding (for lack of a better word) and I have seen her typed as INFP elsewhere (I think CelebrityTypes?) I would probably have to see her interviewed to speculate more. Good call!Fair point. I actually originally thought Cersei was an ESFJ. I reconsidered because her manipulation is not always successful, but I think that's more due to her lack of intelligence than anything else. Good call, I responded above saying something similar (originally thought Cersei was ESFJ, changed my mind, now changed back). I'll edit accordingly. 

That's interesting about Tyrion. I think this may be a book versus show difference - he might be slightly more ENFP in the show compared to the books. I can't really see book Tyrion failing the deal with the slavers the way he did in the show. 

In the books, he is usually quite adept at interpreting people's motivations and achieving social objectives (Fe). He also is good at forecasting future scenarios (with relationships being one blind spot), which I'd attribute to Ti. I think he sees King's Landing as a sort of living system which he is constantly re-interpreting in accordance with new mental models. I'm an ENFP and I could see myself making some of the same decisions he made as Hand of the King, but for different reasons (harder to be depersonalized, more helping the common folk etc). I'm not good at telling if people are lying and book Tyrion (and other ENTPs I know) are adept at that. 

I know very little about Socionics - what is a ring of benefit?Thank you! This whole thread started because I saw some people saying Arya was ISTP (the Hound and Bronn, yes, but not Arya) and so I started thinking about these characters in general. 
And yeah, INFJ seems quite off-base for Jon. I've seen that a lot and I'm not sure where it comes from. 
I'm interested in your analysis of Daenerys. I actually go back and forth about her between INFJ and INFP. She may be INFJ in the show (that scene you describe was quite Ni-Fe, I agree). In the books, she certainly does have internal doubts, but they seem to be of a Fi-Si nature. Her tertiary Si shows up because she is often daydreaming of her childhood and wishing she could return to that time or have a simpler life. Fi drives her to continue onward and fulfill ethical obligations. Ne can get her stuck (how best to improve Meereen, etc). Her Te appears rarely (and no signs of Ti). I'm not sure what you think about show vs book differences?

She is one of the hardest to type of the list above though, I think.I think all Daenerys' chapters from the first book were published as a standalone volume. You might find that interesting! I also see what you're getting at regarding INFJ even in the books, the more I think about it - the aloof/distant toward outsiders is something I only became aware of in INFPs recently.Thanks for the insight on Stannis! INTJ seems extremely likely given that analysis and I'll be curious to take a look at the essays. Above we were discussing if Daenerys is INFP or INFJ and given the parallels I've seen made between Stannis and Daenerys, it would be interesting if they were both Ni dominants. 

I agree Varys must be an introvert. INFJ seems more likely than INTP because he wouldn't have achieved so many social objectives with inferior Fe.

I was also wondering ESFP for Theon. He certainly seemed to keep ignoring his conscience until it caught up with him. He has to be Se dom or aux and ESTP doesn't fit. But would an ESFP be so concerned with social status and his appearance to others? 

Interesting about Jon as ISTJ! I could see it. By that logic Brienne is probably also ISTJ. What do you think about Ned? Maybe he also has too much Si to be ISFP as I thought.I think Sansa becomes introspective from circumstances but is naturally extroverted. She admires older Fe doms and is so interested in social harmony that it ends up hurting her and those around her (giving up Ned's plan because she wanted Cersei to like her and to secure her future without thinking of the cost to others). Contrast to Catelyn whose Si is more pronounced. When Catelyn is impulsive, it's to safeguard a person or a tradition. Yeah, INFP is possible but INTP seems off base. How come?Very interesting! I think in light of this and discussion elsewhere in this thread, I'll change Jon to ISTJ. An ISFP would probably have been more comfortable rejecting Night's Watch rules in favor of personal values. 

What do you think about Ned? Yup. I'm now settled as ENFP but this was by functional analysis. I previously tested as INFP, INFJ, and INTP. I had the stereotypical view of extroversion and figured because I'd rather stay in than go clubbing, I must be I. I think the Ne was so automatic I ignored it ("you're so random" many people said) and focused on Fi giving me the INFP mistype, respect for logic because I work in a technical field giving me the INTP mistype, and Te making me like to finish things giving me the INFJ mistype (this is all in the context of the dumb online tests). ENFP. Against Brexit. (American if it's relevant). It struck me as an emotional decision where the desire to be free of strictures (regarding immigration etc) outweighed any practical considerations about the economic effect, effect on relationships with other European nations, etc. It could also be writing versus speaking? This is of course anecdotal, but as an ENFP, I relate to the type of analysis done in the comment above. But in speaking, my analysis is less consistent (for lack of a better word?) and I may obsess over details or possibilities in the way you describe your brother doing. I often wish I could have written my response instead. That's really interesting. I saw in your comment below you mentioned Gavin Free and he does seem super ENFP to me as well. I think you've nailed something down here that is difficult to describe. Sometimes I try to stop myself from blurting things out because it's gotten me in trouble or it's seen as random or people are just confused ("how can you understand this complicated thing well but then say something so dumb about a simple thing?" happens more frequently than I'd like)...so I'll amp up the Te but then something is missing and I become a bit too hard-headed. I don't think I rambled to a conclusion here, but the point is I see what you're getting at. ENFP and very similar experiences, except for the last sentence. Coffee: makes me feel more hyped up and makes it easier to focus for long periods. I'm an (addicted) fan.

Alcohol: I've never had enough to get super drunk. I prefer stimulants to depressants on the whole. I feel chill but slow-witted. Would mainly have in an awkward social setting like a party where I didn't know most people. 

Shrooms: 10/10 would do again :)

ENFP.What's your type?ENFP.
Didn't really fit in, drifted between groups. Too "weird" for the strait-laced group who always compared grades. Too "normal" for the anime/RPG kids, plus I wasn't into the stuff they were into. Clicked with other individuals who also were between groups. Had a mix of male and female friends who often weren't friends with each other. 
Everyone said I was too nice and it felt kinda suffocating.
Did a lot of community service. Got good grades, awards, etc, but was often told I wasn't working up to my potential since I would make careless mistakes or do worse than I was capable of due to boredom.If you are an ISFP this could be a manifestation of tertiary Ni (dominant for INTJs). People tend to admire their tertiary function and can over-identify with it.What is the Fi-like behavior you see yourself as having or showing? 
I'm pretty sure you're ISFP, but your Te seems more prominent than I'd expect and it's throwing me off a bit. Hearing more about your Fi may clarify things. Have you looked into INFP? I would say the smaller amount of interests is not very Ne-dominant though.I have noticed this with Si users in general (thinking of ESFJs in particular, but also ISFJs).What's your type?ESFPINTJISFP?The funny thing is I don't think ESTJs (in my experience) would be bothered by the name or think it sounds bland and boring so this is a very "non-ESTJ" kind of question, so to speak.First thought before clicking: imagining sharks with different MBTI types and their interactions in a dead-serious way. How could we know? Is this a joke? Is there some information about sharks I'm lacking? They are interpersonally complex? But how could it be mapped?
Second thought: Oh, it must be the MBTI of the Shark Tank presenters. Makes more sense. Haven't watched them enough to judge but I'm curious what others have to say. I forget the name of the blond woman but she seems to have some Fe, maybe a Fe-dom.
Reality was cuter than either but these are the paths Ne takes you down without realizing it I guess? 
(This is also why I feel like people over-idealize Ne from the outside because sometimes it's such random pointless shit or speculation.)I'm curious - VI has a "phrenology" ring to it (I happily guessed at the "here's my picture and what's my type" thread that was recently posted, but it was speculative/fun in my mind rather than based in fact). What is the evidence that this is a feasible way to type people?What about ISFP? I see you as a Fi dom for sure (fighting for your values, don't want to associate with those with different values). But not INFP because I see Se more than Ne here (new "opportunities" and "hobbies" strikes me as Se, new "ideas" and "possibilities" would be more Ne). 
Check out the description and see if it fits. ESFP?INFP?ENFJ?ISTP?I don't think you're an INTP because this post is VERY Te-heavy! ("In general I believe that the world is logical and intelligible, that problems have solutions and that the solutions are 'out there' in the world and anyone who is clever or persistent enough can find them" is almost like a definition of Te in and of itself).

So Te-dom or auxiliary. Not ISTJ because of your low Si score, probably not ESTJ either for the same reason. I'm curious about what about ENTJ you don't relate to? (since based on your post ENTJ seems more likely than INTJ, seeing more Te there than Ni).I'd disagree with parts of the ESFP/ENFP PoLR description - I get along well with INTPs but maybe that started from that fact that my dad is one so I got more used to the direct feedback. I'd say Ti PoLR is more akin to finding it hard to make coherent mental models of logical systems and not thinking or acting precisely/making careless mistakes.

Curious to hear what others think. 
Se doms have an "on the go" vibe from my experience. Schedule is packed, very enthusiastic to be doing what they're doing at the moment but with the next experiences in mind. They are the ones who just got tickets to x cool event by chatting someone up, are in touch with y new trend that's going on, you probably won't see them for six months because they are going abroad, etc.

Ne doms, in contrast, are "on the go" in their minds so they can stay in the same place for days at a time, but mentally travelling. If you leave them to their own devices for 24 hours, by the time you come back, they may have learned or talked about a bunch of *seemingly* unrelated-to-each-other things, none of which are related to their task at hand. This is definitely true! In Te mode I can be either productive/efficient/logical or super uptight "we must do this now". In the latter state, I obsess about finishing things and lose flow or creativity.I noticed this too in debates between ENTP SO and his INFJ mother-in-law. She follows his logic without making the false assumptions I or his ESTJ dad makes. 
But then sometimes she will end by saying almost platitudes in a state of stress? As you described. She's really subtle and nuanced ordinarily and it is odd to see. Hmm. I see Te, not Ti here. So you can rule out anything with Ti and Fe. Te would be dom or aux and I'm thinking ST. I see your comment below about not relating to inferior Ne. Do you relate to ESTJ descriptions at all? What do you enjoy most about programming and engineering? I'm curious why it's your least favor MBTI type? I got the introverted vibe for sure - ESTJ was my ineffective attempt to reconcile conflicting info. Do you relate to any INTJ descriptions? Your reasons for liking math and programming sound very Te still. Yeah a pessimistic INFP appears more self-loathing and to be "wallowing" in something. You say you're worried they'll think you're weird. Then you say you're not one of "those weird INFPs."
What problem do you see with being weird? How are you defining it? This seems right to me. I think both "girls" are often mistyped as Ns (could be a result of bias against sensors, I've seen comments elsewhere like "their conversation is so fast-paced/referencing random things, they can't be sensors" which is dumb) ENTPs absolutely can be physical hermits. My SO is ENTP and his friends joke that he goes into "the void" when working on a project, then emerges for social funtimes. He also at one point thought he was INTJ. I wouldn't discount ENTP still. INFPs can be very serious IME. They are constantly internally assessing the ethical value of their own and others' decisions, which is not exactly a "fun" pastime from what I've heard. 

I don't think you're ENTJ or INTP. You showed no Ti and very little Te (the group projects thing) which would make sense as it's your inferior. Sometimes I've seen INFPs mistype as thinkers because they over-identify with their inferior (at one point I mistyped as ISFJ for the same reason).Look into ENFP (not necessarily personality descriptions, but the functions Ne-Fi-Te-Si). I think you may be Ne dominant from the way you describe your search for new information (also, admittedly anecdotally, as an ENFP I can relate to much of your post). I've know Si aux who do this. So ESTJ procrastination = it's 1/7 done a week before the deadline.
You guys are impressive.We would need more information about them in general to give an accurate answer (not just in relation to each other). Basically all we know from this is they are siblings who go back and forth between arguing and being close which could be any type. I agree with others - don't let type be deterministic. That being said, ISTP is a common type (my grandfather who was a WWII pilot, Harrison Ford, "pilot" often listed as a top ISTP career choice, etc). I think the precision of Ti is very helpful for having a consistent model of a mechanical system. Sensing also fits since there's less risk of daydreaming. That's interesting, thanks for adding more info!

So you should definitely look into cognition functions. ENFP and ENTP are one letter apart but two functions apart. (Same with INFJ and INTJ). They share a dominant function Ne and inferior Si, but ENTP is Ne-Ti-Fe-Si and ENFP is Ne-Fi-Te-Si. So ENFPs and ENTPs may often make  similar decisions but for different reasons. There are great descriptions of the functions in the sidebar - check them out and see what you think regarding your siblings. That makes sense. My father-in-law is ESTJ and he handled a job application similarly (working for a couple hours each day). It is true that I don't see him binge work (so to speak) and he mentions that he enjoys taking breaks. "Everything in moderation.""How hard can it be?" (For those who've seen ENTP Jeremy Clarkson on old Top Gear)I would *hazard* INFP. High Fi in your post, some Ne, a little less Si, and disinterest in Te. Check out a description and see if it resonates?Well, OP's books are very organized. Barely any fiction, many class textbooks.  Some range of subjects but not very "random", so to speak. Preference for physics, math, CS. Could you be...ISTJ? I can admit that I looked at your post history after commenting, so now I know the answer (which was my second choice!)This isn't a degree idea, but maybe working at a biotech or bioinformatics-related startup could be interesting and worthwhile? They tend to be some of the startups most overtly focused on helping others. Have you ever looked into ESFP?Take a look at INFJ! I think it may resonate. You should learn programming :)Could Ray be an ENFJ? He seems to have strong Fe. [Thanks for laying out your reasoning. I don't know what OP's type is, but he does not present as an ENTP, that's for sure. (He might potentially even be a Fi dom with inferior Te?) I was super confused by his comment history.]
Bracketed BC tangentI think ISFP is more likely. The Fi could point to either but there's more Se here than Ne. I'm curious about the Sherlock Holmes one (but not to fight)Rick from Rick and Morty is super ENTPNah, Cersei's ESFJ. (I used to think ENTJ but got good counter-arguments). She is very mentally ill, so typing her is tougher. 

Her whole life is attempting to twist the opinions of those around her to her advantage (Fe gone very wrong). In her paranoia, she becomes obsessed with people's opinions of her. If she were Fi dominant, she would experience more guilt about her actions regardless of other's opinions. Instead, it's about shame - how dare *she*, with her position in society, have to do a walk of shame? 

Si auxiliary. How much time does she spend obsessing about the prophecy and her past? Even after her husband is dead, she still feels angry thinking about how he wronged her. It's Si gone wrong, but still Si. 

Tertiary Ne. When Cersei is feeling more optimistic, she can imagine possibilities for the future for her and her children. In a negative mindset, she can only imagine bad things happening to those she cares about. It's not balanced (because she's unhealthy and because it's tertiary).

You can even see the interior Ti because sometimes she could be randomly logical and briefly impress those around her who are "T"s like Tyrion or her father. But ultimately, her narcissism makes her over-estimate her ability to be dispassionately rational. 

Morty from Rick and Morty is IMO a better example of an ISFP. Oh man, I can't agree that Rick is INTJ. Where's the Te? Where's the Fi? Literally at least half of Morty and Rick's conflicts are Fi versus Ti ("Rick! You sold weapons so you could play VIDEO GAMES?!!" "Eh.") Also, an INTP wouldn't have so many unfinished random projects or have as much fun trolling people. 

It is a great show though! I'd say probably ESFJ for Summer, ISFJ seems right for Jerry, but ENTJ for Beth. Nothing he said implied INFPs are selfish or emotional or incapable of logical thinking. The description doesn't make a value judgment between the types! It was just laying out perceived differences in approach from the perspective of the responder. 

If you relate more to one than the other, that's fine and worth noting. But I think you may be jumping to conclusions about intentions behind the statement that was made.Ah, sorry, I left out an important qualifier! Thanks for responding.

"Many different unfinished projects in different seemingly unrelated fields." 

I do know INTPs - my dad is one, for starters. His interests are fixed over time and he explores within those interests. ENTPs IME are jumping from subject to subject more frequently. 

Also, re: trolling - ENTPs seem to take more...joy in starting it, for lack of a better word? INTPs appreciate the troll but sometimes can't be bothered to initiate the train. I actually think both Arya and Lorelei are ESFPs but have seen the typings you mention before! I'll be happy to explain further Ha, I guess her unhealthiness does make it harder because she seems more like "How could THEY do this to ME/MY CHILDREN." 

I would have to consider what is the source of her value judgments. I haven't read her chapters for a while. 

I could see Ni in her rather than Ne (that's how come I mistyped her as ENTJ).

But would an ISFP really be so... aggressive? Unhealthy ESFJs can be domineering. But unhealthy ISFPs seem more likely to quietly slip away. IxFP could be stubborn, but would be less likely to enforce its will on the group if opposed. Cersei is always messing with her environment in trying to achieve social objectives. (The way I see it, Fe dom Margaery (ENFJ) comes in and temporarily outplays her at her own game due to being more stable/smarter).

Edits for clarityI'm curious where the evaluations of the positions come from?Mother: ESFJ 
Father: INTP
Me: ENFP 
Parents now divorced...

SO: ENTP
Father-in-law: ESTJ
Mother-in-law: INFJ
Brother-in-law: ESTPhttps://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4qi8f9/another_take_on_got_mbti/ had the ENTJ cs ESFJ Cersei discussionI'll do my own, probably inadvertently colored by their positions:
Ne (positive): creative

Ne (negative): scatterbrained

Fi (positive): sincere

Fi (negative): dogmatic

Te (positive): efficient

Te (negative): rushing

Si (positive): heedful

Si (negative): trappedSo I don't know if it is relevant or useful to have an answer from a non-makeup user.
But I'm ENFP and I can count on one hand the times I've worn makeup besides lip gloss or balm. I'm 26. 
It doesn't click with me somehow. I'm lazy about it because I don't find it fun.
I think it looks great when others wear it and admire their attention to aesthetic detail!It is false that Fi users only care about themselves or their own feelings (so I'm disagreeing with both you and OP). I think I see *why* you're making this leap (Fi doesn't care about group harmony as much, Fi is *stereotyped* as selfish, etc). But you're still making too unequivocal of a statement. Maybe Fi users care about fewer people than Fe users (though you can't even generalize about that). But if Fi users were all as narcissistic as you both claim, then Fi wouldn't be a function, it would be a personality disorder. Again, you're generalizing and falsely IMO. I'm a Fi user also, as you can see from my flair. I've had conversations with Fe users where I was the one saying "people can be altruistic" and they were the ones saying "people only do something if there's something in it for them." And I've had conversations with Fe users where the positions were flipped. I've heard of altruistic Fi users and narcissistic Fe users, as well as the reverse. Again, I don't think you can say all Fi users are narcissistic or all Fe users altruistic with such certainty.Because you made a generalization (again, in my opinion) about what a Fe user or Fi user would say, I was providing counter-examples. I agree that anyone can say anything for a variety of reasons and this almost goes without saying.

What is your evidence that these are the "true" nature of the functions? What do you mean by true? How have you come to this conclusion and what makes you so certain you are correct?

If you presented more evidence, it would be easier to know why you are so sure. But you state your points as uncontested fact. I've done this too and even about MBTI but over time the generalizations get harder to make (at least in my experience) because there are so many permutations and possibilities and exceptions. 

Again, I'm not even saying that Fe users aren't generally more altruistic. Fi users are also probably more self-centered (not the same as narcissistic). But Fi users don't "only care about themselves" - that's your sort of inconvertible point that still strikes me as a generalization. So you're correct IMO for starting this discussion and clarifying some misconceptions of Fi. But I do disagree with one of your claims nonetheless.

Logical consistency *is* a weakness of Fi, insofar as Fi use by definition prioritizes ethical consistency over logical consistency. (This is not equivalent to saying Fi is illogical by default because Fi users can and often do incorporate logic as a principle behind their ethical decision-making. But compared to Ti, Fi is inferior in logical consistency because, again, ethical consistency is what's going to be favored). 

As a Fi user, I don't usually notice deductive holes in someone's argument (as a Ti user would), but I notice inductive errors (Te) or ethical inconsistencies (Fi).

The examples of the authors you gave don't prove that Fi users prioritize logical consistency - they prove that Fi users are sensitive to or aware of gradations of moral nuance. However, your point does debunk a different stereotype - that Fi users have a very "black-and-white" sense of morality.

I'm confused about the sympathy vs empathy as Fi vs Fe distinction (I've seen this mentioned elsewhere). I feel that I experience more empathy than sympathy, but perhaps I'm misdefining empathy as sympathy? Maybe in putting myself into the other person's shoes, I'm still making assumptions about their experience based on my own and thus it's not actually empathy? OP, I'd be curious to hear more of your thoughts.

I know that often if I see someone in distress, I cannot help my emotional reaction to it. I enjoy reading things that put me in the mindset of another person. I'd tentatively conclude that both Fi and Fe users experience both, but it may be easier for a Fi user to switch off sympathy or empathy if they have made a moral judgment regarding the person? I will have to think about this more. Hey, I'm an ENFP and I can program. Ti is maybe ideally suited to programming but Fi-Te users can also program. Type doesn't determine career. You're making generalizations. Every single person who uses Fi-Te is a very bad programmer? Really? No matter what the order in the stack? No matter intelligence? No matter interest in the subject? That doesn't make sense. 
Ti users may pick up on programming more quickly, but you're still jumping to conclusions.
Agree to disagree.That is a helpful clarification - although in the case of Fi dominant and auxiliary users, the Fi filter would come first (going through the Te filter sounds like either a Te-Fi user or a Fi aux in a Ne-Te or Se-Te loop). I also saw you weighed in on this thread (https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4w66ms/time_for_the_monthly_fi_rant_what_fi_is_and_what/) which I found to be an interesting discussion.This is all very clarifying. I find "imagining being in someone else's shoes" to be fairly easy (maybe the Ne takes over in the imagination part of it?) However, I do notice that when I take the "Empathy Quotient" test "designed to measure empathy in adults" (https://psychology-tools.com/empathy-quotient/), though I strongly agree with statements such as "It upsets me to see an animal in pain" and strongly disagree with statements such as "Seeing people cry doesn't really upset me", I disagree with statements such as "I don't consciously work out the rules of social situations" and "I am good at predicting what someone will do." 
I feel (ha) like this is where Fe would really come into play. /u/totallykvothe, have you found this to be the case (ie would you "strongly agree" with both those latter two questions?)Second the request for elaboration. I am in a relationship with an ENTP and know several ISFJs quite well. I would be happy to help if I can! What makes you stressed and how do you react to stress?This seems very accurate to me. Emma is so surprised when Mr. Knightley told her she offended Miss Bates and how it was "badly done". It seems like Fe is so far off her radar that she's not even aware of potential social damage, nor does she consider how her words sounded to Miss Bates. But I think due to her inferior Fi, Mr. Knightley's comment does strike a chord of guilt.
Another good example of a female ESTJ character IMO is Alison Hendrix from Orphan Black.This seems like the only possible answer. I love learning languages, but prefer very structured languages such as Latin or the Arabic in newspapers. "Always do a except in the case of b or c where you should do d." It's comfortable. 

I had more trouble with Russian and Spanish which didn't "click" in the same way even though Spanish is (probably?) objectively easier than Latin or Arabic.

I am more comfortable speaking one-on-one and become self-conscious speaking in a group. In a group, I would rather say nothing than say something incorrectly.

In general, I'd prefer to learn a written language (including programming languages) or a language I would mainly use for reading and writing to a language I would mainly use for speaking, unless I wanted to communicate with someone who didn't speak English, in which case I would (and have) happily tried to learn their language and plowed through communication difficulties.So I have a few thoughts off the top of my head. I hope it helps. Bear in mind this is all drawn from personal experience or observations.

You as an ISFJ might be more hesitant to venture forth a controversial idea or less inclined to debate than your partner. You might be bothered if your partner starts debating or questioning your statements or think that debate comes from some internal perception she holds about you or your relationship that she is masking. Your concerns about being polite or respectful might come across (externally) as masking your opinions on subjects or as unwillingness to delve into things more deeply, though internally you may be completely open to the ENTP's lines of reasoning and follow and respect all her conclusions. Translating this openness in thought into your words is probably important in bridging these gaps in misunderstanding. Otherwise, your ENTP may assume you are more "closed-minded" than you are, simply because of responses or appearances. 

Also, vocalizing the ways in which your Si is possibly circumscribing your perspective or opinions in debates would be helpful, since if you don't bring it up, the ENTP may assume you are not aware of personal experience-based biases.

Something my SO said about ENTPs I found very helpful. If an ENTP brings up a theory and defends it in debate, 1) the point of the debate is not to "win" but to exchange views. 2) the ENTP will be inclined to argue from the perspective of whatever side or answer is not being considered (regardless of whether she/he actually holds the views of that perspective). The fervor of defense appears to be proportional to the degree to which the perspective is being ignored or the degree to which rational arguments/counterarguments are not being made. The fervor does not correspond to the extent to which the ENTP holds the views he/she is defending.

In fact, the whole idea of "beliefs" or viewpoints one holds with certainty is kind of antithetical to the ENTP worldview, from what I've witnessed. This lack of certainty is not personally distressing to the ENTP. It is accepted that there is no inherent meaning to anything and that all perceived meaning is subjective and this is, again, not too existentially concerning (I'm conflating two things here - lack of certainty and lack of meaning - but you get the point).

If you are similar to ISFJs I know, this is a definite difference as they tend to actively *seek* certainty and structure (probably because of Si and inferior Ne), while remaining aware (because of Ti) that such certainty is logically elusive or even impossible. So it might be hard for an ISFJ to accept that an ENTP is comfortable living in a state of constant uncertainty, even though you understand why the ENTP says nothing is certain. 

I think the similarities in functions will help you in terms of understanding your partner. The fact that you have no Fi-Te/Ti-Fe potential conflicts is very helpful, for starters. I could blabber on more, but I'd be more interested to see if this resonates with your experience. The focus and thought patterns part is spot on for me. Meditating is difficult  for example. But I'm not sure about ExFPs fitting the going-to-parties-and-events stereotype. At least for me, I like going to interesting events, but am really only comfortable at parties if I know people there well or find someone I can talk one-on-one with or the party is somehow novel (like everyone is playing a cool new board game or something). This might be atypical though!So it could be an accident. Sometimes I have mirrored people's accents or turns of phrase without realizing it if I get really into a conversation or (in some weird way) to avoid causing offense. Like I knew a girl who told me just the sound of American accents irritated her so i would try not to say very obvious Americanisms like "Oh my God!". (Now I'm older I give less shits about these sorts of preferences). If someone calls me out on using a turn of phrase or slightly different accent, I'd get embarrassed, but it might look like I'm offended from the outside. It could also be pretention or it could be a combination?Yeah, the fervent defense doesn't make sense. That's a good point.Small quibble, but I would add mystery to the list of movie genres. For what it's worth, the goal-orientation and anxiety when failing a project sounds more ENFP to me (as ENFP with ENTP partner who doesn't get anxious under those circumstances).(This is a bit random, and I don't know if you're interested in Socionics, but their ENFP description talks about two "subtypes", ENFP-Ne and ENFP-Fi, described further here: http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes. The Ne subtype is more likely to be mistaken for an ENTP and is also a bit less conventionally extroverted than the Fi subtype. I relate a lot to the description and wonder if you do as well?
Also, Socionics is a bit of a rabbit hole, but my experience with ENFPs (thus far) seems to confirm the existence of these subtypes).ENTP (ILE) has two subtypes as well (ILE-Ne and ILE-Ti) which may be worth looking into for further clarification.ENFP - RustAgreed. I'm function-order-wise an ENFP. But I mistyped as an introvert for quite a long time because I dislike large parties and prefer one-on-one or small group discussion. The information processing distinction clinched it for me because I don't like spending too much time in my head. Before I learned about the cognitive functions, I typed from an online test where the introvert-versus-extrovert question was something like "Do you prefer large parties or staying at home reading a book?" So I actually don't have much experience with other low level languages, so I can't speak to the comparison personally. 

Some general things I like about Rust, though, are:

-no JVM or garbage collection

-type inference 

-multi-paradigm, including functional features (pattern matching, list comprehensions, etc)

-program won't compile if there are any errors 

-package manager cargo is very easy to use relative to the youth of the language

Some downsides:

-may need to use a nightly build for projects, since many libraries for relatively common tasks only work with nightly

-IDE support and tools are works in progress, but I'm happy with Atom editor plus addons thus far

I would be curious to hear your thoughts on C++!

Also, very anecdotally, one way I could see MBTI type being related to programming would be Ne and trying new languages. Sometimes I feel as though I have "dabbled" in various languages (Haskell, Scala, Python, Java) without getting as deeply into them as non-Ne-dominants probably would. Ne-Te seems to make me drawn toward whatever (ideally new) language best suits the purpose I am trying to achieve at the moment. Fi seems to make me attached to a particular language and forget that its benefits are relative, so I have to remind myself of its downsides.

Edit: formattingThat makes sense. I'm on board with your analysis.

One thing I have heard about C++ in comparison to Rust is that it is easier to write unsafe programs in C++. To quote one of the main Rust developers, Steve Klabnik:

"Historically, programming languages have had a tradeoff: you can have a language which is safe, but you give up control, or you can have a language with control, but it is unsafe. C++ falls into that latter category. More modern C++ is significantly more safe than it used to be, but there are fundamental aspects of C++ which make it impossible to ever be truly safe. Rust attempts to give you a language with 100% control, yet be absolutely safe. It does this through extensive compile-time checking, so you pay little (and often no!) cost at runtime for its safety features. This safety issue isn’t just about programmer convenience, though. C++ is unsafe in ways which cause serious security vulnerabilities. For example, in the last Pwn2Own competition, Firefox had some serious vulnerabilities, due to C++ being unsafe. And so did the other browsers on that page. Many of these errors would have been compile-time bugs if those browsers were written in Rust, and the runtime ones would not have produced a security vulnerability."

You could argue that he is biased because he is a Rust developer, but I think his claims have been empirically validated. What do you think about safety in C++?This is really interesting. How are libraries and tooling? Is Nim stable for production use at this point?You might find this thread interesting where the co-creator of D talks about D, Go, and Rust and advantages/disadvantages: 
https://www.quora.com/Which-language-has-the-brightest-future-in-replacement-of-C-between-D-Go-and-Rust-And-Why

Also, I forgot to mention above that there is now IntelliJ for Rust, but I don't know how developed it is.This response in context makes me wonder if this whole post is you trolling. -What do you consider yourself in a religious sense: 

Atheist. 

-Are you Gnostic or Agnostic: 

Agnostic. I also like the term ignostic (ignosticism is "the idea that the question of the existence of God is meaningless, because the term 'god' has no unambiguous definition").

-What are the reasons for you being (______):

Similar to OP. And since I see no objective evidence of meaning in the universe, I don't want to give myself false psychological protection or comfort regarding life's purpose, the afterlife, or a benevolent creator. It becomes an ethical question then of refusing to hide from what I think is true.

If there were empirical evidence, I would change my mind.

-Is religion important to you: 

No, but I find it to be somewhat interesting.

-Have you ever changed your belief in your life: 

Yes, I have. I was raised Christian and explored Islam as well. For a while, I was actively searching for "something greater" and even considered that I had had a religious experience, but deep-seated belief never took for a variety of reasons. 

Why did you change your belief, what led to you to it: 

Lots of discussions with believers and non-believers. Realizing I had no logical answer to non-believers' arguments (for example, no proof that my "religious experience" wasn't just my own subconscious talking to me).

-Have you ever argued for your religion or against: 

I have, but more to defend my own views than to convince the other person. I know a lot of people who admit that religion doesn't make logical sense to them, but that it is emotionally comforting, and I'm not going to propose a counterargument to something like that because it's a personal decision and I respect a person who is self-aware about his/her reasons for belief. But if someone says "atheists are more hedonistic", I'm going to argue against that since it's an attack to a category I consider myself to belong to.
(Also, I will defend strains of Islam against ill-informed arguments in certain contexts. I have also argued against aspects of Protestantism.)

-If you do argue what arguments do you tend to stick to:

I can't really remember. I think I've said that I personally don't see the evidence for it. I don't really enjoy arguing about religion because I feel uncomfortable treading on people's "inner sanctums", so to speak, but I enjoy being in the company of others who are bolder and watching them dive headfirst into such debates (like my ENTP SO...) 

-How do you feel about religion?

Mixed. My Fi can respect some of the moral principles in various religions, while also somewhat detesting the idea that you somehow "need" religion to lead an ethical life. I do believe religion overall does more harm than good, but at the same time, I know many individuals whom it's benefited and who have used their beliefs as a springboard for moral action.I started to write a long post but then Reddit closed. I'm an ENFP female and I've been with an ENTP male for over 3 years. We have a good relationship &amp; our communication has improved significantly through the years. We are older (26 and 23), we work in the same field (sciences/tech so my Fi is saying "you have to accept criticism even if it hurts your feelings because you need to know if you did this wrong and how"), my dad is an INTP so Ti isn't as alien, his first girlfriend was an ISFP - these are some random factors mitigating toward success. PM if you want to know more or have more specific questions.I am getting the sense of ESTJ here. Unfortunately, the online descriptions of ESTJs all correspond to someone's boss in the 1960s so I doubt you will relate to those. Here's why I think ESTJ.

Te: 
Very direct answers and a focus on getting to the point. Will redirect tangents. Respect for hard work. Making lists of what you need to get done. Even relaxation focused around plans (vacations, movies, etc). 

Si:
Enjoy spending time thinking about the past, particularly pleasant memories.

Ne:
Willingness and interest in trying new things as long as it's not too extreme (new foods, different places to travel, etc) and not work-related (your tertiary function is often used as a source of enjoyment)

Fi:
Live and let live attitude, but if someone's action hurts someone, you'll intervene and use your Te to tell them directly and concisely. Dislike of dishonesty. Emotional when stressed. Also, sometimes Socionics descriptions, in being more precise and less stereotyped, can be accurate (or at least point toward accuracy). Here's the one for ESTJ: 
http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/LSE-ESTj/
and here's ISTJ (last letter is reversed in Socionics, so Myers-Briggs' ISTJ=Socionics ISTp, but functions are the same):
http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/SLI-ISTp/
Socionics also describes all eight functions (so the four you value and the four you don't value as much), which can be interesting.Also, sometimes the quotations on CelebrityTypes can be illuminating (you might disagree or disrespect with the person being quoted, but could find their perspective easy to understand). 
http://www.celebritytypes.com/estj.php
http://www.celebritytypes.com/istj.phphttps://www.google.com/search?q=you%27re+too+easily+offended&amp;oq=youre+tii+easil&amp;aqs=chrome.1.69i57j0.4441j0j4&amp;client=ms-android-tmobile-us&amp;sourceid=chrome-mobile&amp;ie=UTF-8#imgrc=G40mbtEUH5HyZM%3A

Yes. I don't have data, but it *could* go the other way around. I was introduced to Stoicism by (I believe) another ENFP who had found it very helpful when he was going through a breakup, probably precisely because it counteracted his default response to the experience. Do you think your Fe developed partially in response to the low Fe around you? I wonder if you could bring it up in a super-Te-heavy way. Something like "I need to talk to you. Something is bothering me in our relationship. You don't do X affectionate thing enough. It would make me happy if you did X more. Can you do that?" (If he says no: "why not?")
I realize this is a sort of unromantic way to bring this sort of thing up but with the Te dominant user I know the best (granted, an ESTJ so not sharing all the same functions) direct approach works best. Imagine a clock is ticking in his head and any extra detail or turn of phrase is diminishing the chance to get your message across.
Focus on discrete issues and see if there is an improvement rather than having a sort of big relationship talk.
That's my take, for what it's worth. That's a conundrum. Basically if you bring it up briefly he may not realize the importance but if you emphasize the importance he may shut down?Seems likely then.
My equivalent is Te since my dad is INTP, mom ESFJ. My mom would say "I'm glad you can get things done unlike your parents" because I wasn't precise enough to be a perfectionist. (Sometimes I wish I were more precise, though, and try to improve it to the extent that I'm able).I never fully subscribed to it, TBH. My friend was more into it, but I'm not sure what his opinion on it is now. I do remember being impressed by "On the Shortness of Life" by Seneca and the idea of remembering one's mortality in contrast to current predicaments, but it's been several years since I read it. I pegged him as an INFP who seems NT because he's into hacking (like Snowden, who I believe CelebrityTypes typed as INFP. Common stereotypes). His whole "Fuck society" rant in the pilot seemed very Fi ("Or maybe it's that it feels like all our heroes are counterfeit; the world itself's just one big hoax. Spamming each other with our burning commentary of bullshit masquerading as insight, our social media faking as intimacy.") Change the language and that's a very Holden-Caulfield-esque idea. Why isn't the world more authentic? He retreats to cope with disappointed ideals. I also see his inferior Te at work in his projects, which are all in service of his ethical principles.


Granted though, I only saw the first few episodes!Hm, springing off your mention of wanting grandchildren, I wonder if volunteering with young kids could also help fill her time and give added purpose? There's really no limit to the amount of volunteer opportunities available outside of work hours. 

I knew several older women who were tutors to elementary school children at a place where I used to work, for example. Their experience and perspective was also helpful given the young age of most tutors. Yup. I suck at poker-type games even.
If I have to lie for an objective I usually have to prep myself in advance to do it successfully. Like saying it to a Fe user who verifies it passes muster.Ti. It's my PoLR. I find it very interesting.I've gotten both this and the reverse.Saw this over on r/ENTP, found it accurate and was curious what correlations could be drawn between traits and types.

I got Ambition, Shyness, Resilience.What's your type?Jon Stewart. 
High on openness, below average conscientiousness, high on extroversion, high on agreeableness, above average on neuroticism.Wouldn't duality for ISFJ actually be ENTP and INTP dual is ESFJ?Nothing to apologize for!I'm curious (this is kind of a tangent) but can you tell me more about Se as you experience it? I feel like it's one of the sensing functions that gets especially short shrift and gets relegated to "environmental awareness" or "what you can perceive with your senses" which seems like it must be an (N-biased) simplification.Oh man, actually I notice the sensor bias on NF subs too. I think it's a more general problem.Aw, this is lovely.This seems very accurate. In social situations, especially with extended family, subconscious Fe kicks in and is like "why did this person say that? Thats not a subject this other person is interested in. We should talk about something that engages everyone" and just wanting zero tension socially. Or staying quiet because Fe is still valid enough to me that I don't want to fuck something up through a misplaced remark or hurt someone's feelings so I sit gathering observations to feed Ne and filtering past data and precedents (Te) to form hypotheses about what to say and how to say it. Knowledge of MBTI helps a LOT with this sixth function of mine because I can cut down more incorrect things to say, though Fi feels that silent advantage is somehow deceptive. ("She should know I'm putting her in a box. ugh, maybe I shouldn't put her into a box at all, she's an individual, don't want her to feel reduced or to reduce her...") But then after a social gathering, there's the Fi wish "if only we could all have been more open and called each other out on things" or again like wanting a shortcut through the maze of behavioral cues because navigating it isn't stimulating.

The #1 uncomfortable part of it though, I'd say, is like picking up on something hazily and not knowing how to fix it. "I said this when this person was opening up and now they're closing inward. Why? Was it definitely because of something I said? Was it arbitrary? Obviously saying 'are you upset' is too blunt here, but I want to do *something*... to fix this" Etc.This is very helpful, thank you. Given what you say about your Fi driving your desire to take action in the world, I feel like ISFPs could be extremely powerful activists and advocates for social change, potentially more so than INFPs where the risk of getting lost in *dreams* of moral action is present. The combination of strong principles, awareness of and influence on the environment through constant processing of your surroundings, vision as you said, and then the order imposed by Te is very strong. Yet from interacting with ISFPs, it seems that there is a tendency to a charming but confusing (given the real-world effects of your actions and thus tangible evidence of having done good) self-effacement even to the point of under-confidence. Have you noticed or do you experience this and what do you think could be the cause if so? (I've noticed the same thing in ISTPs, incidentally - the ISTPs undervalue their achievements relative to others despite evidence to the contrary. Is it undervalued Si so past data proving success is ignored?)Unhealthy ESFJs will stand out more potentially compared to other types because of how strong their extroversion can be (IME) and because Fe makes them so comfortable expressing themselves verbally so it's all "out there" so to speak to be critiqued. Then people remember the negative and associate it with the type rather than lack of health. Whereas there could be an unhealthy person of another type whose unhealthiness is less apparent but just as damaging to themselves or others.I think this is also possible and I think INFP is as well. The two INFPs I've known identify strongly with their Te and have an impersonal/detached manner. They would probably both describe themselves as logical and not emotional, as well. The way OP *identifies* as an INTP (part of self-conception) points more to Fi than Ti IME.

But then I'm confused because his description of Ne sounds more like Ni and his poor memory suggests Si not in the stack, so I'm still having trouble putting this together without further reflection. (INTJ?) This is kind of an odd question at first glance, but bear with me. If you are buying a product online, what is your process for determining which product to get? What factors are important to you? What factors do you ignore (if any?) What resources do you consider most important in making your decision? How long would such a decision take you?Okay, this is really interesting because it makes it more likely (in a seemingly random but actually pretty telling way, I think) that you use Ni-Te-Fi-Se, rather than some combination of Ti-Fe. Here's why. I will contrast your buying style to my SO's (ENTP). (I heard him speaking with an INTJ friend about this topic, which is partially where this comes from. I can also supplement since my own "style" is obviously going to be closer to Te-Fi than Ti-Fe). I'm curious how this may resonate with your observations of your dad's purchases, as well. 

You already have a good idea what you're looking for and it seems unlikely that idea will deviate throughout your search (Ni). Even this sort of "sniper style" you discuss strikes me as very Ni (literally formulating a unified strategy for each purchase, if I'm understanding it correctly). You rely on empirical markers in making your decision ("high-end", "quality", "best possible version" - these point outward and are often collectively agreed upon. They are most likely measured using external standards, etc). You probably are looking for experts, consciously or unconsciously, while trawling through forum posts, whom you've assessed as sufficiently knowledgeable to pass judgments that can inform your decision. This is all Te. You can't even imagine going to a store without a plan and objective (Ni-Te). There's even Fi (lower, but there) - your guilt about spending money doesn't show (because it's by definition introverted), but you have a strong conviction that you shouldn't spend your parents' money. You probably wouldn't necessarily be able to pinpoint the source of this conviction or how someone could change your mind about it, but it's there and you need to take it into account when making your decision. Even inferior Se - impulsivity of going to the store for an in-person pick-up because you need it *immediately*. 

vs

He knows what type of thing he is looking for, but could not predict the trajectory of the search (Ne). Reviews are viewed with extreme skepticism, as are forum posts, and appear to be supplemental rather than more central to the process. Instead, the focus is on building up an understanding of the product from its own properties/fundamentals so as to make a determination about what qualities the item needs to possess. So if he is researching a battery, he will learn about Peukert's Law, cell life, performance curves, then assess checkout safety of the website, etc...Terms like "quality" or "high-end" are meaningless because they are arbitrary ("of course the manufacturer is going to say it's quality, what manufacturer ever says their product sucks?" Paraphrasing but you get the idea). This is all Ti. 
Fe - feelings surrounding the purchase can be dependent on the context and reactions of others (will not purchase something if it makes a loved one too upset, for example). Skilled at presenting the purchase in a way designed to convince (if someone needs to be convinced).
Even Si - sometimes he might want to go to a store and pick something up due to impatience, but has learned through our past experience that RadioShack, for example, is only suitable for very specific products. He could rarely be convinced to go there on a whim.

Now, these two people would often agree on what is to be bought (and in fact I rarely saw them question each other's purchases), but the decision-making process is very different. 

TL/DR:
INTJ seems more indicated.

I lived for a month abroad with an ISTJ friend. I went from thinking at the beginning that she was quite uptight and overly organized to feeling at the end like I could share my feelings with her and not be judged in a way that was unusual for me with friends before and since. I ended up having a lot of respect for her.
Another ENFP "Obliger" here. It makes sense (I use outer expectations to feel like I live up to my inner expectations because my inner expectations (I think) are not well-calibrated with reality (such as wanting to not make a mistake when learning something new, even though making mistakes is expected and can even be helpful, to take a dumb example). The inner expectations feel like some superego I'm in flight from).Now I'm curious - what is your actual type?"Butter the toast. Eat the toast. Shit the toast. God life's relentless" - Peep ShowAll these comments are dead on. I want to also add loss of hope. "Everything will always be this bad forever". George Bailey in It's A Wonderful Life when he's considering suicide (not that inferior Si = considering suicide, obviously, but that's a good media portrayal of it, I think) "I fucked it all up and there's no possibility to fix it"Hm, are you talking about the thread in general or this comment specifically?

If the former, what don't you relate to?

If the latter, don't be concerned because I'm just one person (and could be mistyped, describing things poorly, etc)ENTJ? What do you think of Rick in Rick and Morty?I think the anxiety in Cora and anger issues in Thomas may make typing them more difficult. (Like Cora could be an ISFP or an ESFP with social anxiety, for example)INTJ?Ok, just looked through your post history. The first thing that stands out is high Te. Your posts are concise and you express yourself in a straightforward manner/you get straight to the point. You seem confident in your judgments which also points to extroverted judging in my mind. You seem too comfortable with disagreement to be a Fe user though (not that Fe = hating disharmony, but IME if they disagree they will soften the presentation). Se-Ti is also possible since that could have a similarly "blunt" effect (like how Steve Jobs is probably ISTP but mistyped as ENTJ). And I don't see Fi (your comment about not using MBTI for increased self-awareness, for example, is very un-Fi). 
I would say I'm between ESTJ and ESTP with ISTJ and ISTP also possible.
Warmer or colder?Ok, I'm leaning towards the introverted ones being warmer. Ok, I'm going to lean toward ESTJ/ISTJ. I stand corrected :) Are you ESTP or ISTP or are those just another step in the right direction? Ah ok, so this "explicit anger" was what confused me. It made for such an assertive presentation relative to INFJs I know and looked like Te. (I was almost positive you were a "T" of some sort).

Speaking of Enneagram, I find I relate to most types when taking the online test (scores are very close). I'm skeptical of the mysticism behind it and the way it seems harder to fit into one type compared to MBTI. I like the idea of a framework for differentiating between different presentations of MBTI types, though (I'm drawn to Socionics subtypes for the same reason). Any advice for forays into it?

Also, what data have you gathered regarding how people viewed you as an "ESFP"?That's what I thought too. I was surprised by the reply since ENTPs seem well-represented to me in media proportionally (Hans Landa and Doc Brown are two others that come to mind)*insert Rust Cohle quotation here*That's really interesting - I will certainly look into it further. I would assume that similar to MBTI, tests can also only take one so far so reading the descriptions from different sources seems like a good place to start. This looks helpful.

How valid do you think it is that some MBTI types preclude certain Enneagram results? So thanks again, was just enjoying diving into this! I *think* I'm a 6w7, not sure about subtypes. A fun rabbit hole trying to figure out what's covering up what...I have noticed INTPs "snapping" seemingly suddenly but it seems to be primarily *reactive*. Like my father would not start an argument, but if he felt he were being pushed or controlled or managed by my mother (ESFJ), he would get very irritated. Kind of a "just leave me alone!!!" vibe. It made him seem like an angrier person than he actually is just because of the contrast to his usual passive demeanor. 

To add to all the meltdowns described well above, there are also INFJ meltdowns where (it would appear) Fe gets warped and the INFJ starts coldly deconstructing everyone's motives with great certainty. It has the sense of "I'm tired of doing things for everyone so I'm going to call you out on the bullshit I've noticed all along!"I experience this as well and am not sure if I can pinpoint it to a function. (I'm curious if it could be linked though)This is sort of out of left field, maybe, but Virginia Woolf and To the Lighthouse comes to mind. Take this quotation:

"Mrs Ramsay sat silent. She was glad, Lily thought, to rest in silence, uncommunicative; to rest in the extreme obscurity of human relationships. Who knows what we are, what we feel? Who knows even at the moment of intimacy, This is knowledge?" 

Because of the "problem of other minds", as described well here, we cannot truly enter into another person's consciousness. Yet Fe dominant types like yourself still try to come as close as possible to bridging that gap and understanding as much as can be understood from outward presentation, cues, etc. Fi dominant types like Virginia Woolf try to paint the nuances of individual feeling and celebrate the gradations that separate one human from another - sort of widening the gap or embracing the problem. 

They seem to be two different approaches to dealing with the same issue, both with the intention of improved understanding of (the complexities of) human nature. 

Now, humans are just animals, but I know that's not what you're referring to. Since you're speaking of the connotations associated with the word "animalistic", I think this shows that that is groundless. 

(Feel free to debate, I'm not wedded to this "problem of other minds"/Fe-Fi theory)"I've already decided which one I want to be - INTP."

To be honest, after this I didn't need to read the rest of your post to make a determination (although I did in the interests of scrupulousness!). This is a dom Fi-inferior Te statement. You have a strong sense of your identity (Fi) as an INTP and are marshalling empirical data to fit your conclusion (inferior Te). The secondary Ne drives you to make this post, though, in case you might be wrong in your self-perception. And Si, you are comparing yourself to other INFPs or Fi users and using that as a basis for your judgment.

I think what's important for you to realize is: 

that there is nothing *wrong* with being an INFP. The perception of INFPs as inferior is *your own subjective* perception. You are projecting qualities onto INFPs and that is coloring your decision-making. 

MBTI isn't deterministic - you don't need to inform your friends of this change (your worry about whether you should do so is very Fi, incidentally, it has that ethical scrupulousness to it as well as the concern that it's not *genuine* to present yourself as logical if you're an INFP since you equate INFP with illogicality). But you are still the same person you were before you realized this - it's just a label, ultimately, or a way of explaining why you prefer certain approaches to others. 

A lot of people mistype, as well, so you don't have to feel guilty about it, if you do or did. It's honest to make the post. Many people are resistant to the idea they've mistyped themselves at all.

And as an Fi user your values are what you make them to be - a scary but powerful statement. There is no reason rationality can't be one of your values - it's not like only certain types can have certain values (in fact INTPs don't place worth in "values" the way INFPs do so it's not like all the INFPs value feelings and all the INTPs value reason. In fact there's a huge difference between Fi users owing to different values and this can lead to conflict or mistyping (like you with INFPs since you are equating the values individuals hold with the type itself)).Yeah, I would say that, IME (my father is an INTP), both INTPs and INFPs care about honesty, including intellectual honesty, but INFPs are more concerned with genuineness than INTPs. Your certainty about who you are and your identity described in your OP also struck me as Fi, rather than Ti.

I could certainly see why the concept of inferior thinking would bother you. A few thoughts come to mind in this regard:

-"inferior" is a term largely indicating relative prioritization. "Inferior thinking" doesn't necessarily mean you spend less time thinking and more time feeling, but that you prioritize ethical judgments over empirical evidence/considerations of efficiency. For example, if someone told you "In order to get this job, you need to lie to the interviewer and tell him you think discarding scientific research is absolutely necessary in order to mislead the public. Doesn't matter if you actually *believe* what you're saying, you need to pay the bills and this is your only option. If you do this, you will definitely get the job" I sense something in you would balk at taking this opportunity. You would more likely look for a way out. (This is why Fi dominants can be good protagonists for novels, etc, because they can be the sort of prototypical "individual defying the collective b/c it's *wrong*" figures).

-you could be an ENFP where Te is higher up (although you seem more certain of your identity than an ENFP would be at your age and I see more Fi in your post than Ne)

-you could, as you say, be well-developed (sometimes Fi-Te users develop their Te in a school environment)

You describe yourself as analytical. Fi gets mischaracterized a lot. It is a "rational", that is to say, decision-making function (but it is not the same as rationalism). So as a Fi dominant, you would be analyzing your decisions and information constantly, but with the ethical evaluation which is not occurring so readily for a Ti user. (Polysemics - Ti and Fi users both would describe themselves as analytical but would mean different things by the term).

Huge gap between INFPs and ENFPs? More so than INTPs and ENTPs, yes, IME, owing to the differing values between Fi users that we discussed. (I also get along well with Ti users, owing to some of my interests (programming, etc) overlapping with common Ti interests (this may be the case for you as well), but understand Fi users more quickly, for example. I like having people around who have differing functions, but some Fi users I've seen say the opposite. Etc). 

What are the main differences you notice between yourself and ENFPs in your life? 

I *think* Enneagram may also play a part in these differences (though I'm still figuring out what exactly Enneagram means and how relevant it is). (Your desire to be unique seems stereotypically Enneagram 4, with a 5 wing, FWIW. 4 is also traditionally associated with Fi, I think).

I definitely understand you don't hate INFPs. And regarding efficiency, if anything, it would make more sense for you to valorize the idea of being a Te dominant ("accomplishments" is sort of stereotypically Te). INxPs will be similar levels of efficient/inefficient because for both the mental activity (whether the ethical or logical judgment process) is of primary concern and the relation with the world is more detached for both (owing to Se PoLR). So in my experience INxPs are most concerned with having the space and freedom to devote time to their internal processes.

(Also, last thing - there are certainly traits INFPs have that INTPs respect as well. My dad has spent much of his life studying INFP philosophers and theologians, I can only assume with for their viewpoints. It's bidirectional) Definitely seems like still Ne and I think I saw a past comment of yours that described Ne quite accurately as well. 

Yeah, the tertiary vs inferior Si is definitely a significant difference and I couldn't match what you described (for comparison's sake and confirmation). (I get "startled" by Si by becoming unexpectedly nostalgic about something such as suddenly remembering a friend I haven't spoken to in years).

Bubbliness, again there's a difference, you're right (though also modulated by gender as you said). In high school (I think you said you're a teenager?), I was very cheerful/bubbly. Toned down a lot as I got older, makes sense. And spending days without talking to anyone is by far the most significant marker, for sure. (Heck, I post more Reddit comments on days I've talked to fewer people and more Reddit comments in general than if I had more friends living in the area).

So probably your interests are one of the things pointing you toward thinking you're an INTP, but as we discussed, those can be common to any type. 

That seems like secondary Ne, for sure. Yeah, the position doesn't relate to the speed of use, but your valuation of it. So it makes sense it activates hard in contexts you care about and turns off otherwise. Use when bored or trying to figure something out is also a somewhat classic definition of the auxiliary function, in general. (Also, thanks for re-introducing me to this word "flanderize", it's a good one). 

Yes, actively wanting to stand out would fit. I have found INFPs to usually be quite iconoclastic. Actually, despite the need for validation, it seems to me INFPs care less about what other people think compared to ENFPs and march more to the beat of their own drummer. I think ENFPs tend to have more of a fear of not being accepted, maybe due to the combination in ENFPs of extroversion with Fi, so there is a desire for connection, but also a desire to go one's own way, leading to tension.

Yeah, lots of types could play devil's advocate even though it's stereotypically associated with ENTPs. It's more that ENTPs do it without thinking and other types do it more consciously (in my experience). 

Also, restlessness and impatience is dead on (that's the tertiary Te combined with Ne, I think). There are many times I wish I had thought something through first or do something too quickly. (I have to edit almost all my Reddit posts for this reason). 

Yup, I could see how sharing two middle functions with INTPs would make it much easier to relate to them for you than, say, an ESTJ or ENTJ. And yeah, that definitely sounds like Se PoLR. 

Sometimes I have found the Socionics descriptions to be more subtle and relatable in general. (Like INFP descriptions on personality pages, as you undoubtedly noticed, are all "hooray ideals", but here's, for example, a description of how INFP (INFj or EII in Socionics) relates to Ti: "EIIs are not easily able to abstract themselves from the human dimension and apply "cold" logic. When they try to do this, they easily become unsure if their reasoning is correct. EIIs feel that not everything can be classified under the system since everything has its unique individual attributes." And toward Te: "EIIs have a great admiration for people who are able to get things done neatly and efficiently in the outside world."

Don't be misled by /r/infp, either, it tends to draw more lonely or unhealthy INFPs (I'm scared of downvotes, but I have noticed this). The functions will guide you truer than the communities, in general.

Overall, it seems an understandable mistype given your interests and values, and you seem quite self-aware in picking it all apart! Ne highest (27), Si, Fi, and Te very close to each other (23, 23, 22). Then Ti, Se, Fe lower (17, I think) and Ni lowest of all (8).

Similar to results elsewhere, but Si higher than usual.Tertiary Te:

-I can be organized and efficient if needed 

-There are circumstances where I'll think "what's the point of talking, we need to do something!"

-i dislike procrastinating. I rarely do something just before the deadline. 

-I like to know what I'll accomplish or do on a given day and sometimes will organize relaxation ("after doing x work task, I will watch Y episode of Z TV show. Then I'll...")

But because it's tertiary:

-i sometimes feel as though I'm missing nuances of a situation when I do these things (or sometimes think Te dominant users miss nuance when explaining their stance on a topic, it often looks to me like there are options they didn't consider. "Society would be better if we just did X." "Well...")

-i do not do my best work when obsessing about finishing a task (potential productivity of Te gets twisted into obsession about not having done enough). I tend to rush and have to remind myself there's no point in completing something if it's not done properly

-If pushed to meet a last-minute deadline, I can do it without much stressAh, so just to confirm, a better way to disagree with a Ni user's conclusion is instead of saying "that's not true (and here's why)", say "why did you think that?" Or "how did you come to that conclusion?" And debunk piece by piece?So I'll use the categorizations from CelebrityTypes for this purpose, ranking from most number of generally agreed-upon "evil" people  (marked as such on CelebrityTypes) to least (of course, whether or not they are all "evil" and how evil they are is debatable). It would appear INFJs do win this one.

INFJ (7) (Hitler, Ruhollah Khomeini, Osama bin Laden, Leon Trotsky, Robert Mugabe, Chiang Kai-shek, Mohamed Atta)

ENFP (5) (Ulrike Meinhof, Che Guevara, Fidel Castro, Hugo Chavez, Muammar Gaddafi)

INTJ (4) (Lenin, Anders Brevik, Ted Kaczynski, Varg Vikernes)

ISFJ (4) (Heinrich Himmler, Wilhelm Keitel, Francisco Franco, Bashar al-Assad)

ENFJ (2-3) (Yasser Arafat, Joseph Goebbels)

ISTJ (2-3) (Karl Doenitz, Erich von Manstein) 

ESTJ (2) (Saddam Hussein, Augusto Pinochet)

ESTP (2) (Hermann Goering, Al Capone)

ESFP (2) (Mussolini, Idi Amin)

ENTP (1-2) (Mao Zedong (debatable, could be ENFJ), Mahmoud Ahmadinejad)

ESFJ (1) (Joachim von Ribbentrop)

ENTJ (1) (Stalin)

INTP (1) (Albert Speer)

ISFP (1) (Rudolf Hess)

ISTP (0-1) (Vladimir Putin (debatable, could be ISTJ))

INFP (0)That's fair, I think you're right!

(It seemed like without examples or much evidence, though, this thread could quickly devolve into being 100% subjective (and it would be hard for people's biases about their own or others' types not to creep in). I feel like if the historical examples are there as a benchmark people can discuss the issue more freely without potentially feeling judged. Like Hitler was evil in a very "different" way from Stalin, how could this relate to functions, etc...).I think it's a simplification (look at Trump selling similar ideas to his followers, which by all accounts he seems to also believe himself ("This country used to be great" etc), and he's an ESTP most likely). I think if they were to map to any function, it would be Si, but I also feel like those sorts of easy associations with Si are what leads so many people to not type as Si-dom or Si-aux, hence it's risky. http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2011/01/why-obama-is-entp/ offered a fair analysis of why he could be ENTP, I thought

(Sorry, this is the second time I've posted something related to CelebrityTypes in a comment in this sub today - it was probably influenced by seeing the post regarding their typings, which reminded me of some of the better content they have).Yeah according to the statistics above (such as they are) (admittedly limited info), it would seem the INTJ "villains" in history are no more common than ISFJ ones (and arguably less potentially destructive since several of them are lone gunmen types)I'm not sure - I don't know how they make the determinations (Chavez seems questionable too)I think also because Fi is introverted, INFPs could potentially have trouble expressing emotions verbally or feel uncomfortable unloading on friends or family. (I know I have some trouble doing this just being Fi aux, sometimes other people can figure out why I'm upset before I do, or Fe users need to ask questions to draw me out. I think a common and incorrect Fi stereotype is that Fi users are comfortable discussing their feelings). Combine this with the fact that the internet can be a safe forum for discussing feelings that are quite private + people are more likely to vent negative feelings than positive ones = it starts to look like all INFPs are sad (not the case IRL). Am with ENTP for &gt; 3 years now, would also recommend. Thanks for the added information!Helena in Orphan Black is a good example of an ISFP serial killer (if either of you has seen the show) who also seems to have a realistic redemption arc.

As you said, though, the circumstances were quite unusual. They involved the character believing what she was told (that she was "special" and needed to kill those who were not) and also having a history of serious abuse from childhood. Once she got countervailing evidence and realized she had been brainwashed, she switched sides.Nailed it. 

I really like the Weird Al horoscope parody where he makes up fake horoscopes.

 "Tomorrow the stars predict that you'll wake up to a bunch of stuff and then go back to sleep."Oh man, yeah I do feel a little tense looking at this. 1. This is a difficult question, but here goes. It sort of strikes me as a big attic or junk room. Many perceptions, judgments, ideas, concepts all scattered around. They are fleetingly connected to each other and the connections often change. Consciously indexing what is linked to what and why and how would be very difficult. ("A made me think of B which made me think of C which made me think of D..." if I tried to trace it out, but more often it's like "How did you get there?" and I have to consciously figure out or explain how).

Sometimes there's more in this room than I think there is and sometimes I can't find something when I want to. Sometimes I want to escape this room entirely and see everything from "above" (in other words, I am frustrated by the inherent limitations and subjectivity of my individual perspective) or turn off my brain (as it appears I am over-thinking something). I can't "live in the moment" very easily at all (but usually this doesn't bother me) - each moment is a jumping-off point for investigating something else or a long chain of different things related to the original thing.

My inner world is frequently checking in with the outer world to obtain extra information, verify a perspective, solidify a judgment, etc. There seems to be a "core" of feelings/convictions in this room (though those change as well) and I want to be acting from this core (I feel happy when my actions are in line with it), but sometimes I lose sight of it (usually in the context of worrying about something) or forget about it and have to re-connect with it. 

2. Most things can excite me (if I'm not excited about something, I tend to think it's because I'm not looking at it "properly" - for example, I don't know enough about it, have jumped to a conclusion about it which is unfair, etc). There are too many things to list, but as a start: science/tech concepts especially novel ones, programming, spending time with my SO, learning something new, doing something new or exciting or different, seeing something in a new way which was previously boring or dull, improving a skill, reading or watching something interesting, having something to do, having something to strive toward, talking about ideas, connecting with people especially if I hadn't connected with the person for a long time or wasn't expecting to connect with them in that specific way about that specific thing, writing, finding a solution to a problem, finishing a task and being able to move on to the other exciting things...etc. Even something small like making a snack for my SO featuring a new cheese (for example) and him getting happy because he really likes it could be exciting or going to the grocery together (ie down to the mundane). 

Edit: Sorry about formatting error - I put "1" and "2", but somehow they both showed up as 1.A fear that the search will never cease and I cannot reach contentment or fulfillment. 

That or a terrifying feeling of constriction. Like a flashing light endlessly blinking. Not enough has been done, the days and years tick by with so little to show for them (if I'm in this mode). Kind of like "At the End of the Day" in Les Mis (hopefully that doesn't sound too melodramatic, but it is a question about inner darkness after all...:)) No, I could see ESTJ, you look very in-control (for lack of a better word, obviously this is a subjective judgment). (Also, this is a complete tangent, but have you ever seen Orphan Black? I think one of the characters is a well-drawn example of a female ESTJ).Alison Hendrix. She often gets mistyped as an ESFJ, but I think it's because she's a suburban soccer mom, so stereotypes.

It's a show about clones and all the clones seem to be well-developed examples of particular types (ESTP, ISFP, aforementioned ESTJ, INTJ, (probable) ENFP, ESFP). Yup, I'm in the first category as well.ESFJ, probably over-identifying with her tertiary Ne. ENFP, probably 6w7, Gryffindor, Horned Serpent, don't remember wand, Manx cat.

Was surprised by Gryffindor the most as I see myself as not very brave. Te doms, I'd guess. Yeah, it's good you're there to steer her away from stereotypes! I know 4 ESFJs (2 male 2 female) and the two females are convinced they are xNFJs (ENFJ and INFJ) due to the biased nature of the test and descriptions and having interest in academia, philosophy, etc.Yeah I agree :( I think there's the most bias towards xSxJs in descriptions, etc. (Even more than xSxPs) and it's a shame :(I think some ESFPs mistype as ENFPs, but can't confirm this (could also be Enneagram 7 ESFP and Enneagram 7 ENFP looking more similar?). What do others think?Very true. (Bill Clinton is one example, I often see him typed as ENFP but have seen him officially typed as ESFP).Yeah, I could see it. I don't know any INTJs very well, but the ones I have observed or heard about anecdotally seem to have their "shit together" and be very driven and purposeful. I do find them a bit intimidating.Inf Fe example - caring (to a certain extent) about a pleasant social environment or atmosphere, but having trouble generating such camaraderie yourself

Inf Te example - caring (to a certain extent) about the use of empirical evidence, but having trouble picking which evidence is "correct" or applicable yourself

Edit: further explanation for the "certain extent". Caring *in so far as it doesn't interfere with the operation of the dominant function.* 

So my INTP dad (for example) cares about a nice social gathering as long as it doesn't interfere too much with his (Ti-heavy) work. An INFP I know cares about facts as long as they don't too much upset his ethical determinations. Yup, sometimes I've seen ESFJs talk a lot more than I (with my poor 6th-position Fe) would think is group-setting-suitable, but they are constantly aware of the listeners + their affect/periodically "checking in" so it doesn't become (or doesn't feel like) as much like a monologue as it could otherwise.George Bailey (It's A Wonderful Life)
Isabel Archer (Portrait of a Lady)
Jared Dunn (Silicon Valley)Do you think Morty is an ISFP? (I've wondered)That makes sense! Yeah, I never really agreed with the ISFJ typing for some of these reasons.Oh man, I definitely agree with this. Half the time I go to that sub I end up wondering if I'm actually an ENFPYeah for a second I thought it was actually r/shittyMBTII actually think he could be an INFP (his distaste for the "counterfeit" nature of society was very Fi to me and he is always trying to make what he sees as the most ethical decision, etc) and gets typed as NT because he's a hacker and stereotypes. (Edward Snowden is probably also an INFP, to take another example).Maybe Ti-doms vs corresponding Ti-aux? (So ISTP/ESTP, INTP/ENTP).

Ti makes for a shared language with these types, I've observed, where they can quickly understand the other person's reasons for making a decision. (Fi, Ni, and Si are more subjective (as I see it or for lack of a better word) so less consensus between Fi, Si or Ni users even of the same type).Yeah, I especially agree with the linked part about being unbalanced if not alone. My mother-in-law and half-sister are both INFJs, one-on-one we can have this meeting of the minds as it were, each person feels understood and accepted/"seen" (like my sister and I had a conversation we both said we'd "never forget").

But in groups we have to reference something or check in with each other periodically, otherwise I noticed each will think the other one is upset (like the imbalance is sensed but not understood) so then it's a lot of like defending the other person when it turns out they're OK or something similar.(to follow up on your prior typing thread/recent comments on the subject, does this similarity make you wonder at all if you're INTJ? 

Sorry for unrelated comment (!), but you seem very open to questions regarding self-typing).(I could see that as well (Ni &gt; Ne))In terms of direct, get-to-the-point communication, probably ESTJs.

"Do you have a minute? This is the problem. (describes problem) What should we do?" 

(Viewpoints and judgments tend to differ though).Hm, yeah, if you are picking up on Fe cues he is missing, could point to you having Fe and Ti in your stack (that being said, if you were INTJ, 7th position Fe would still notice more cues than 8th position Fe). 

I don't think the "space for intellectual variety and exploration" is necessarily an NT thing though (I feel that way as an NF). 

What makes you think you use Ne?Can you elaborate on the xSTP aspiration? ("Lead people to a better world" sounded almost like xNFJ when I first read it, now I'm curious). ^^ this seems accurate to my experiences. 

Ex: If I'm programming or doing a solitary thing I think is interesting, I can go until I wear myself out. If it's a social event that I find boring for whatever reason, I'll get worn out fast.

(I also really like being *around* people but not talking - ENTP SO is the same. Just knowing they're there. If i'm close to the person, it almost seems equivalent to "alone time"). Thanks, this is really helpful (including the pointer to artists). Huh, that's interesting. 

Yeah, that does sound like Ne according to my experience (of course, I could be mistyped for all I know, who knows). Literally my ENTP SO and I were talking yesterday about how Ne is often indicated (in our experience) by the use of qualifiers...

What do you get on Socionics tests?

Curiouser and curiouser...

Edit: That's a good quotation. I need to get around to actually reading Jung. 

Also agree regarding "lolrandom", it's a stereotype that doesn't fit.

*Obsession* is a confusing term since there's Ni obsession and Ne obsession but the *successive* obsession does sound more Ne. Your focus on achieving is (anecdotally) more Te though IME. (Like for me Ne-Te loop is new thing-&gt;finish it, new thing-&gt;finish it, etc etc. Bonus points and more effort if validated by Fi = something I care about for whatever reason).How do you react if someone really strongly holds an opinion you think doesn't make sense + causes harm to people and the person will not alter his/her opinion.

Like if someone says "vaccines cause autism. That's my opinion. I won't vaccinate my kids and I don't care if it makes other kids sick."Yeah I had to put quotations to distance myself lol Yeah the *way* it bothers you seems more Fi (to me). Like xNTPs IME have a constant low-level awareness of ignorance, illogic etc so they don't feel so... betrayed, for lack of a better word, by being reminded of these types of opinions. Fi kind of has the "disappointed idealism" to it. 

(Also were you triggered yet? :))*facepalm*I was actually going to edit it to talk about the other half, but got lazy.

The other half the time I relate to it to varying degrees (from "yeah I could see that/I've experienced something vaguely similar at some point" to "that captures something in accord with my experience, pretty definitely." More the former than the latter)(I think he wasn't looking for reassurance, wanted someone to say something to "provoke" a Fi reaction and see how much it took to do so)I think Tom Scott (the "Things You Should Know" guy) is ENFP

Casually Explained seems xNTP

Engineering Explained - heavy Ti for sure but not certain beyond thatAbed from Community (TV show)I think OP was referring to the stereotype of Fi users getting hurt easily if someone says something contradicting a core value. OP doesn't get "provoked" this easily, which made him/her question their type in the past.

OP wanted commenters to say something that *would* "hurt" or provoke a Fi judgment (that's why people said things like "vaccines cause autism" or "everyone thinks you're an idiot who can't take of themselves.") 

Basically kind of asking for a roasting. 

/u/FierceDeity does this seem correct?FWIW I know an ISFJ who considers herself quite disorganized (but in reality is very organized compared to most people. I think it's that she's not living up to her own standards of organization. Could be happening with you)7/40, highest were entitlement and authority.I'm down. 

(Maybe relevant: have gotten INFP, ENFP,  INFJ and INTP from tests (INTP was from a poor test, though ("logic or feelz?"). Socionics is ENFP but INFP and INFJ relatively close behind depending on stress levels. ENFP as consistent self-typing, but still questioning). So what makes you think you are not an ESFJ/are an INTJ?Do you watch (old) Top Gear at all?

Richard Hammond (ENFP) vs Jeremy Clarkson (ENTP) is a useful contrast here. With tertiary Fe ENTPs are sort of better able to a) engage the audience, b) be a bit more playful (for lack of a better word) in their delivery. They can take more risks as presenters because nothing personal is at stake. You see this with Clarkson. 

Hammond, like Scott, is a bit more serious (as I see it). Fi gives the impetus to discuss something one cares about, but tertiary Te kind of cloaks the presenter with facts, evidence, etc, and masks that original impetus. Te is useful for narrowing Ne. 

Fi will pop through though (like one of Tom Scott's videos where he shows raw beef and puts a note at the bottom "Sorry vegans", kind of thinking of the potentially marginalized viewers watching as Fi is alert to the underdog. You get this sense of suppressed anxiety or not wanting to get or do something wrong).

This is also why ENFPs can come across a bit more cold than ENTPs though inwardly (arguably) are "warmer".Aw, I'm really happy to hear this :) (my parents are a divorced ESFJ and INTP pair but I think if people are healthy, it can bring a great balance for both as you said!)So I checked out the other thread and was mulling this comment over as well. A couple questions spring to mind:

1) Could you describe more the way you get attached to obsessions/projects? Along with that, could you describe more what you think your sister means about rationalizing your projects?

2) Why is it important to you to see yourself as using Ne and (especially) Ti? (I'm not saying you don't use them, I'm just curious because you seem to be *invested* in them over and above a self-description. This rang a small confusion bell in contrast to the other ENTPs in the typing thread who appear less invested).
I'm not sure if I'm putting it well, but I'm sensing something is at stake for you in this typing as regards your *identity* and thus it has been invested with more significance. This is not very "Ti" (to me) but I haven't yet put it all together. 

3) Describe how you see or understand Fi ? (no need to hold back on negatives, either)

Of course I could be misreading something, also, as regards #2! 

I'm not leading towards some big denouement here in this comment also, I'm just curious.Oh, ESTJ is an interesting idea! I think you are in fact a bit more straightforward than would be typical for a Ne dom, as I look through your past posts (you express yourself very directly and clearly in all your posts), and I could see you having tertiary Ne, as well. You seem very hands-on and pragmatic.

High need for approval from others that you mention wouldn't fit with ESTJ as much though (but you have mentioned having social anxiety, right?) 

What was the context of your ESTJ typing and what did you think of it?
Yeah, I think you're an INFP because (as you said yourself in a past post) your Si seems too strong to be an INFJ. I considered ISFJ, but you mentioned using MBTI as a way to understand yourself better (and seeing that as important), which seemed Fi, plus your guilt over teasing your classmate seemed kinda like a Fi-Si loop. So INFP seems to make sense.

Your posts are on the shorter side though so please let me know if I have any misconceptions.What do you mean subtype INTP (like INTP was your second highest result? I would think in Socionics the only two subtypes would be Ni and Fe which is the only MBTI-related thing I've heard using the term subtype)?INTP makes sense. I remember your having a debate with an ENTP about the probability of a poster being a lizard that was a great example (to my mind) of Ne-Ti compared to Ti-Ne.Hm, that's very interesting. INFP was definitely the type I considered most closely. I had settled on ENFP for these reasons:

1) dislike being alone/meditation/too much self-reflection. It tends to make me anxious. 

2) more measured in writing, less so in person - have to stop myself blurting something out (that I think is related but is actually random) or from coming on stronger than I want.

3) Fi (as far as I can tell) only really thoroughly developed in a healthier way after a shrooms trip a couple years ago. Before that I was not very self-reflective and kind of sailed along assuming everything would work out, assuming I knew what I was doing, etc. (Had a lot of friends, did a lot of activities, had no idea what I wanted or how I came across, just rushing around). Since shrooms, I've been much more proactive at taking a hard look at my actions and intentions and making certain they measure up. Not using Fi for self-justification.

4) relate more to ENFP function order and see myself as more of a generalist, less of a specialist. 

Does this make sense? 

I will definitely look into the issue again, though.
I like this one from Seinfeld's AMA:

"Keep your head up in failure and down in success."Oh, interesting, didn't know that!Ah, the attempts to modulate your natural communication style could explain it! That being said, though, your reply actually does indicate a bit of Si (you mention something having been ingrained in you as a child and still having an effect today. Si as far as I understand it doesn't necessarily have to do with tradition but with the way one relates to past experiences (if that makes sense). So for example, CelebrityTypes has Kanye West as ISFJ despite his seemingly-very-un-ISFJ-like narcissism because his mother encouraged him to be very self-confident and this early experience or message is reflected in his current behavior. I don't know if that understanding of Si resonates with you at all or more?)

What'd you think of your ESTP typing, also?Aw!I think it's common for xNFPs to come out as xNFJs in tests, also.ENFP is possible, INTJ is still most likely to my mind. INTJs can have diverse interests (look at Elon Musk with PayPal, SpaceX, and Tesla which are seemingly unrelated companies but undoubtedly successive projects on a grand scale) and when you describe your obsessions further it does sound more Ni to me. The way that you have a vision for your interest/project of the moment, for example, and want to reach a certain objective (Te). Then you're depressed until you find another vision and objective.

From impressions of your internet persona, at least, this description, for example, would also seem to fit well: "INTJs are ambitious, self-confident, deliberate, long-range thinkers. Many INTJs end up in engineering or scientific pursuits, although some find enough challenge within the business world in areas which involve organizing and strategic planning. They dislike messiness and inefficiency, and anything that is muddled or unclear (editorial comment: such as not being certain about their MBTI type?). They value clarity and efficiency, and will put enormous amounts of energy and time into consolidating their insights into structured patterns." 

Also INTJ/ENTP makes a lot of sense as a possible mistype (see the debate about House's character where people still can't decide if he's ENTP or INTJ).Yeah, that's all fair! I see more why you are uncertain. Good luck in your continued search!Paging /u/LilyKnightMcClellan, any ideas? Geez, I was 100% going to pick Nakama until I read about the 13th life. 

I would now say probably Road Eternal but only with close company. If you have to be alone for Road Eternal, then Nakama I suppose. Healer was third choice, but it's too much like being religious but with heaven actually existing and the strain of having to be that good sounds stressful.

Least interesting was definitely Hunter and I started to feel claustrophobic just reading about the Fisher King. Dominion is too much responsibility and Escape too dependent on my own emotions (that's all well and good for shrooms but constant is another matter).*looks through comment history* 

Have you ever considered ESFJ?

Your replies [here] (https://www.reddit.com/r/ENFP/comments/4znlo6/a_pretty_fun_service_that_reads_your_personality/d6xdsau?context=3) and [here] (https://www.reddit.com/r/ENFP/comments/4m3wg3/textresponse_anxiety/) were what convinced me, potentially.

Fe - You are extremely extroverted (99th percentile on that test in one of the links, ENFPs are usually closer to ambiverted) and seem very concerned (even on the Internet) with generating positive feelings and connectedness. Almost to the point that you seem unaware of the existence of negative feelings in yourself (you can't think of anything you don't enjoy besides death, for example). It would be harder for someone with Fi aux to ignore negative emotions. 

You strongly want to help people (adopt all the children!). And you are quite certain/confident in your judgments. Your anxiety over losing all your friends just from someone not texting you back seemed like a classic Fe-Ne loop. 

Things that also point away from Ne dominance in that quiz you linked:

"Liberty 17% (A need to escape, a desire for new experiences, new things.) (=Ne or Se)

Curiosity, Ideal, Self-expression, Structure are all at 1st Percentile (Curiosity: A need to pursue experiences that foster learning, exploration, and growth. Ideal: A desire to satisfy one's idea of perfection in a lifestyle or experience, oftentimes seen as pursuing a sense of community. Self-expression: A desire to discover and assert one's identity. Structure: A need for organization, planning, and things that have a clear purpose.)" (Self-expression sounds like Fi, structure sounds like Te, all less than 1% for you. Ne dominance would probably give you a higher curiosity score, too).

Si - I can't see an ENFP getting 99% (as you did) on the "Tradition" score on the test you linked or "71% Conscientiousness." Also, "Achievement 78% (Personal success through demonstrating competence according to social standards.)" sounds like Fe-Si.

Ne - you do have some interest in novelty (note the 71% Openness score), probably especially insofar as it relates to your dealings with people (so in service of your Fe). You like meeting new people or doing new things with people.

Ti - I sort of see it in your analyses of various quizzes you have found. Like questioning one because it gave you a different result when you put the same answers in the second time.

ENFP/ESFJ is a common mistype, as well. And internet descriptions of ESFJs are not representative, especially for younger people. But do you relate to the functions as depicted this way?
 I thought [this] (https://www.personalitypage.com/html/ENFP_per.html) explained  very well some of the signs of "weaker" or unhealthily applied Fi and also signs of its more healthy development. The page also gives suggestions as to how to develop Fi. 

Signs to watch out for (as someone having been in a Ne-Te loop in the past): 

Are you rushing to make judgments about yourself, people or situations without stopping to contemplate whether they are truly valid or warranted? Are you worried if you stop for a second and evaluate how you've been spending your time that you may not like the answer, since you haven't really been thinking about whether it's the best use of your time, but just gotten consumed by a succession of interesting things?

Are you rushing in general?

Conversely, are you withholding judgment or feeling uncertain about "who you are", what you want, what you actually believe, etc? You *want* to answer these questions, of course they're *important*, but at the same time introspection can be depressing, why not attend this event, or read this book, or finish your work...?

Are you having trouble enjoying the moment because you are obsessing about finishing something and then moving on to the next thing and the next and the next?

Are you spending most of your time with others and very little time alone or thinking?

Do you find sometimes you're so caught up in things you care about that you neglect to notice another person's perspective or how your actions come across until it's pointed out to you?

I would say answers to "yes" to most/all of these could point toward Ne-Te loop.

Michael Scott in the Office might be a (personality disordered?) extreme example of an Ne-Te loop.

Edit: Apologies for sounding like a commercial, though ("Have you ever found yourself short of breath? Hungry? Confused?") but nonetheless.
I think you're an ESFJ, potentially.

You show a lot of Fe here - you mention not knowing what you wanted until recently, since you have always been going along with others' wishes for you. If you were INFP as you thought, you would probably have a stronger sense of your own identity independent of others. (I don't mean this positively or negatively, just descriptively).

"I love to craft ones that will hit just the right emotions and convince that person(s) of a specific thing. The kind of letter that could light them up, because I highlighted the best parts of who they are or what they do" seems very Fe. You are very interested in what "makes people tick". You notice in podcasts (intuitively) whether the interviewer is asking a question to elucidate a specific emotion and how well he/she is doing it. You strongly dislike feeling scrutinized (I've noticed Fe-doms get especially uncomfortable with this). You are constantly seeking information from others.

Si - you were raised a specific way and were comfortable with that for a while. Now that you are no longer Christian, you are struggling without that structure. You "hang on" to people whom your Ti couldn't quite figure out.

Ne - as your Ne is tertiary (rather than inferior), you generate both positive and negative images for your future and aren't sure which is more likely (inferior would be more likely to dwell on the negative).

Ti - liking to figure out the "puzzle pieces" of a program and how it works (though you get bored after a while, probably due to the limited social interaction)

As for career advice, an ESFJ I knew well once told me the most useful question she was asked in her career search was "What do you really like to do?" Processing that independently was important in terms of determining what *she* *really* enjoyed (as a Fe-dominant, as I mentioned earlier, I think it could be easy to lose sight of one's own preferences and dreams in the quest to make others happy or understand others better). 

Yes, that does seem very typical as an ESFJ trait. Some ESFJs I have known seem themselves as introverted, but only relative to their high extroversion, I think (so the fact that they want to spend any time alone *at all* makes them think they are more introverted). 

And your second paragraph is still consistently very Fe. You are struggling in situations where you have to take a side and would prefer everything socially to go as smoothly as possible.

Third paragraph certainly is your pull toward your Ti. Anecdotally, ESFJs I know are very drawn to INTx types (especially INTPs, but also INTJs). Maybe, as you said earlier, the challenge of unlocking very reserved people and seeing them express their emotions is exciting. (You *might* click more with INTPs in future due to shared functions, but it really depends a lot on person, context, etc). 

I saw on your other post you were mentioning looking into being a relationship or life coach and that does seem like it would fit your strengths very well! Good luck with your future endeavors :) I agree that the description is poor and cleverer ESFJs would not identify as much with it (but I would imagine that as with other SJs, function-based profile descriptions will be more subtle/accurate). 

Your explanation makes sense, especially regarding the point about discussions with anonymous strangers.Thank you for both your comments, which were really kind. I'm still up in the air about Enneagram (which may be typical), but if valid it did clarify some differences I had noticed between myself and both (mostly-7?) ENFPs and (mostly-4?) INFPs. (For example, for a while I thought I had inferior Ne since my Ne often leads me to make backup plans for worst-case scenarios, but I think this is probably due to Enneagram).

And I also think the point about age makes sense. (I would be curious to see an age breakdown of the various MBTI-related subreddits. I have a suspicion that the posters on r/mbti are older than on the type subreddits, but I could be wrong. "DAE" is kind of a younger-person-question, maybe). I really like that show!Agree with some of yours (and downloaded Idris).

ISFJ: Ceylon

ESFJ: Ruby

ISTJ: Go

ESTJ: Octave or R

INTJ: Julia

ENTJ: FORTRAN

INTP: Haskell

ENTP: Rust

INFP: Racket

ENFP: Scala

INFJ: Perl or Erlang

ENFJ: Python

ISTP: Bash or Nim

ESTP: Swift

ISFP: Lua

ESFP: Clojure or Node.jsC++ almost seemed too general-purpose to fit one type (but that could work for Ne dominance, now I think of it again...)

Yeah, my second choice for ENTP was Scheme because of schemes and memes, but that's too tenuous. Rust fits. 

Also yeah INTP was the easiest one. I have an affection for both INTPs and Haskell as well (maybe because my dad is an almost-80-year-old INTP and like the Haskell developers I feel he should be left in peace to logics). (I don't know if that makes any sense)

Edit: Also, I'm happy you like Rust!r/BlondeRJ, you might find this interesting given your recent post!ESFP?Thanks for the correction!

Also, I was referring to her comment [here] (https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/556tzd/i_esfj_am_in_love_with_intp_ferb/d882l4z).Something like: Perl associated with symbols, seems abstruse but internally consistent to the user

Erlang: unified systems used for communication (Ni-Fe?)

The Erlang one is more of a stretch for sure, somehow INFJ was the hardest.

What do you think for INFJ? Yup, that's actually the reason why I didn't settle on Scheme. 

Have you used rustup?I don't think I could really pick - they've all been favorites at various points (even Rachel for becoming more complex in Seasons 3-4, plus "villains" are more interesting sometimes, I think) except Cosima. I think she was often used as a driver of "plot science" or was seen in a purely romantic context, so it seemed to me her character was never quite as fleshed out as the others. 

What about you?

Mr. Bennet in Pride and Prejudice?The Brothers Karamazov.

Why? If you can get past the first 200 pages, which slog a bit, the book considers various philosophical stances very seriously while still creating engaging characters. (Though Dostoevsky was a Christian, the book is not slanted towards his Christian perspective (IIRC), which I think is a significant strength of the book. Dostoevsky is an empathetic writer).This makes sense but I'd say the third one could also include Fe and the sixth one could also include Fi.I'm not sure if you used [multirust] (https://github.com/brson/multirust) to switch between stable, beta, and nightly versions of Rust before. But it has been deprecated in favor of [rustup] (https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/rustup.rs), which is an installer that allows you to have multiple versions of Rust on the same system and also more easily cross-compile (even for FreeBSD, Windows, etc). Even though it is still in beta, it sort of seems to confirm that Rust is working hard to make installation on various platforms easier. Yeah, I don't particularly click with the ENFP sub to the point that I questioned my type for a while. This is probably partially due to age (I'm 26) and also just how differently Fi can present itself between individuals because of its subjectivity. Also difficult to go past positive platitudes when Fi is by nature relatively private (and I'm including myself in this statement about privacy, so equally guilty if we're talking about guilt).

I like this general sub the most for the range of perspectives.My hunch is Ne (tbh I got excited just reading your post).Reconnecting with Fi since sometimes it gets left by the wayside:
[Naughty] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKm1h0X6CB0) or [Who Am I?] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaKrnR_D4jk) or [Believer] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMku-GbafEg) or really [this entire album] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0spkrwl9Qk&amp;list=PLW79q83govkXJJBEnMnlvJ7B1b3xPosvO) or [this one] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3frA_rj918)...OK, I'm going to stop.

Edit: I realized I should have clarified how these relate to the emotions you mentioned (and took out the first one I initially posted since it didn't connect to negative emotions).

I would say those are some of the songs I go to when I feel restless, on edge and out of joint and need to re-center or recollect myself and strip away daily concerns. Just to give peace and a pause instead of constantly searching.Is xSFJ of some kind possible (maybe unhealthy and stuck in tertiary or inferior Ne?) I think that any taxonomic system regarding people will give rise to stereotypes of some kind, which will be more or less based in truth/observations depending on the stereotype or context.

That's not a very satisfying statement, though, I realize. 

As regards your last question(s), I think [Dario Nardi] (https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/18gudp/ama_with_typologist_dario_nardi/) has done some research about physical differences, but I would have to read more to give you a more specific answer about what he found, how valid it seems to be, etc. I'm not sure what the most up-to-date research about MBTI and/or cognitive functions says, either. 

 Sometimes, yes, but it can run the gamut (sometimes it can make me feel irrationally guilty, which is frustrating, for example).Regarding active vs passive, I relate hard to this Socionics quotation about ENFPs:

"IEEs have the capability and ability to be direct and firm with others in such activities as giving direct commands or making categorical statements about things perceived. However, the period of time when this occurs in an IEE is generally short-lived. As soon as the IEE starts to think about and starts to seriously consider the negative connotations of their directness or firmness (Se), for example, fear of instilling fear in another person in such a way that it would cause the person to be timid to or even scared to approach the IEE thereby distorting the personal bonds the IEE has with the person (Fi), the IEE will back away from making such statements. Therefore these direct and categorical statements are quite difficult for an IEE to make, even if the IEE understands the benefits of being direct or firm with others, such as the benefits of being firm or direct with children in parenthood."It took me until the end to realize he was serious.I would agree - "I have to see how I act to tell how I feel" doesn't sound like a Fi dominant statement.Good point - I probably would also have scored higher on idealism without such absolute statements. 

I would guess higher Fe or Te *could* point away from relativism, but I'm not sure (I think I saw a result that xSTJs who took this survey often scored as Exceptionists, for example).I see your flair has changed?No, that makes sense and not a jank example!ENTJ?

Edit: Nvm, others' responses make sense!That's fairGood catch, thank you. I'll update my post accordingly.[Here you go] (http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/ILE-ENTp/), see if it relates! Their test is more fine-tuned as well. 

And yes  - I feel a sort of internal backlash from the strong exertion of control and try to rectify this perceived imbalance as soon as I can. This is even if the person in question told me "It's absolutely fine, you need to be hard on me about X thing".Yup, I failed at both too!

Edit: ENTP SO passes intuition (70%), failed people watching. His mom (INFJ) passed people watching (60%), failed intuition.Virginia Woolf's writing strikes me as very INFP, but I don't know about her *protagonists*.

Isabel Archer in Portrait of a Lady (Henry James) is one of the best fictional portrayals of an ENFP I can think of. I'm curious - what do you mean by interfering with destiny or the natural course at that large a scale? (Like for example, if you could ensure with the click of a button that everyone on the world had sufficient food and water to last their lifetimes with no negative repercussions, I assume you would do that, but couldn't it also be argued that that decision would be interfering with destiny/the natural course?) Same percentage. I do know an INFP who is very PC, sort of from the angle of "don't invalidate a unique or marginalized perspective." But I'm not sure how common such a view would be among Fi-doms.P.S. yup, after further exploration, INFP does make more sense. Good call."Bad manners, habits, and breeding" - sounds like a quotation from Downton Abbey, lol. 

A whining rotter it is (1.83).(Tangentially: what do you mean too self-aware for an ISFJ? The ISFJ I know best is fairly self-aware as to her strengths and weaknesses (though that being said, she's occasionally wildly off the mark), but this might not be the type of self-awareness you're referring to).I have heard Katniss from the Hunger Games is often typed as ISTP.

Also, Tom Cruise's character in Collateral.Your answer in and of itself (especially the first paragraph) is very Ni (incidentally/unsurprisingly...)

I think I see what you mean (as regarding ISFJ compared to INFJ - don't know if I would generalize to N vs S, or if that were your intention either). An INFJ I know is always talking about being honest with herself as almost a first principle and I can't see the ISFJ I mentioned framing self-awareness in the same terms. It would be more (as you said) tied to something external such as how she's feeling about school, relationships, etc. I'm especially curious about your last sentence before commenting on the rest - what makes you think that?

(I do know an ESFJ who thinks she's an INFJ, but the other two INFJs I know seem to "actually" be INFJs, from what I can see).Agreed. Also, people with anxiety or depression get typed as INFPs, I think. 

Regarding your second paragraph, I think Fi-Ne (and Ne-Fi) makes it easy to mistype due to sort of imagining alternate identities or confusing values of various traits with the traits themselves (like respect for social harmony as a Fi value is mistaken for Fe or respect for logic as a Fi value is mistaken for Ti). 

I'm a fan of the Socionics descriptions for this reason since they make it a lot harder to mistype, IMO. For example, I was quite certain I was an ENFP until I read the ENFP description in Socionics and compared it to their INFP description. It just gets at those smaller indicators of type (like Se PoLR vs Ti PoLR) beyond "so parties or nah?" or even the top four functions.I think you are indeed an INFJ! Your post shows a lot of Ni, Fe, and Ti. I am happy to expand on this further if you like![Socionics Model A] (http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/model_a/) provides (IMO) a good answer to this question, which confused me as well. According to their model, everyone has all eight functions, but some are more valued than others. In their model, functions 1, 2, 5, and 6 are more valued (so for you Ti, Ne, Te, and Ni), while functions 3, 4, 7, and 8 are less valued. (To take the example you gave, in Socionics Fe for the INFP is suggestive or dual-seeking, meaning that use of it can be energizing, soothing, and activating. In contrast, Fe for the INTP is the vulnerable function, meaning that usage causes extreme irritation and it is avoided as much as possible. This would correspond to your experiences). i'm simplifying - check out the link.

Socionics in general is an interesting rabbit hole, I think.Hm, can you provide a bit more context? That will help (and I would like to help!) It's less that Fi users (at least in my experience) have a solid grasp on what's going on inside and more that it can be quite muddled and difficult to express and the outcome of sharing is uncertain, among other reasons. 

If I'm very upset about something, unless it's someone I'm really close to, I'd prefer not to share because a) I don't want to bring the mood down or burden someone else, b) sometimes talking about feelings helps, sometimes it doesn't and I can't predict which way it will be when, and if it doesn't help then the mood was brought down for no reason, which makes me feel selfish (this may not be rational, I'm just saying), c) sometimes the darn things are difficult to express. Saying "I'm really sad about X" is reducing something that was clear and it almost sounds wrong without qualification.

That being said, I think it *is* worth it for you. I know two INFJs well. This is very anecdotal, but I feel most comfortable with them (in terms of sharing my own feelings) when there is either some humor/sarcasm involved (dark side of Ni-Ti? then I lighten up as well) and/or they are opening up too. Then we exchange views together, back-and-forth - this is the most fruitful (from my perspective, I think also from theirs). 

Sometimes, because INFJs are also very private (in a different way from Fi users, but nonetheless), if an INFJ asks "What's wrong? Are you OK? Did you resolve (X thing that was worrying you)?", I worry I am just added to the long list of cares I know they carry. Then it kind of feels like they are going into counselor mode rather than being open to a mutual heart-to-heart (I don't think this is the intent, but this is how it comes across at times). I don't want to burden them and I also want to help them a bit too if I can. 

I don't know if this helps.

Edit: Also, if they *do* open up, don't call too much attention to it (if that makes sense)? I remember crying in front of an ISFJ friend once and she kept saying stuff like, "I'm so happy you opened up! It's good to see you cry! We're so happy you shared this!" (now I'm older, I understand that I misunderstood her intent, but at the time when I heard that, I really regretted opening up since it made me feel like my sadness was a prize she had been hoping to unlock or something). Ah, OK, clarification much appreciated!Ah, ok. So here are some of the things that pointed to Ni in your post:

&gt; I usually trust my hunches or gut feelings. I get hunches or gut feelings about people and sometimes places. I also get hunches or gut feelings about solutions to problems. Often when I cannot solve a particular technical problem I will take like 20 minutes or so doing something else and then suddenly I will have a break through which might look like a solution or another way to approach the problem.

Ni users tend to report "flashes" of insight or intuition (in an INFJ, often regarding people, as you mention), the source of which is sometimes mysterious even to them. 

&gt; I also tend to be always thinking about the future I'll take the information that I know about the current state of the world and extrapolate to what I think might happen in say 5, 10, or even 50 years down the line and then factor that information into my current plans. I am always planning my next move. I don't like to make big or medium sized decisions without thinking them through and running through all the possible outcomes in my head. I also like to have a plan for my life. 

Ni as a function is very future-oriented and Ni users tend to be adept at (and interested in) making future predictions.

The best explanation I have heard of Ni (indirectly) relates to the idea of synthesis or convergence. My mother-in-law is an INFJ and described how when she sees an ant on the ground, it makes her think about the whole context in which the ant resides - just as the ant has no idea of this larger whole, but still the whole exists, and it fits into it, and just as the threads of a carpet are woven together, yet each piece stands on its own, so do humans not perceive the wider pattern of the universe. This seemed to me to be a good example of how Ni (in contrast to Ne, which INFPs have) searches for a unifying perspective, rather than heading off on divergent random tracks. (I'm paraphrasing her point, but I hope it is clear). 

I also don't think you're an INFP because you display a lot of Fe. For example, you will only engage in friendly argumentation if a subject is non-controversial - an INFP would also avoid argumentation, but the sticking point over whether to argue or not would be if it concerned a core value of the INFP's.

It would also be difficult for me to see a Fi user saying this: 

&gt; I think I've always had these beliefs I just didn't really put them into words or think to much about them until recently. I don't really see these core beliefs changing, but I think the form they take may could shift as I learn and grow over my lifetime.

The tone here suggests that you know what your values are, but exploring them isn't very necessary (Fi-dom) or interesting (Fi-aux) to you. That makes a lot of sense and is useful to hear! I am often worrying that the INFJs I know don't take good enough care of themselves so I'm glad to know giving advice is usually a energy-restoring rather than energy-depleting activity for you guys.

(Also, I hope my post didn't come across more negatively than was my intent - in the interests of answering OP's question, I didn't emphasize how important the support of INFJs in my life has been and is for me, but it has and is!)

That makes sense! 

Am I remembering correctly that you are an Enneagram 6? (I am as well). What is the Enneagram of your INFP friend and do you think it relates to her approach to these types of conversations? If so, how?

(I'm thinking about the desire to understand and desire to validate and wondering if or how Enneagram plays a role. 

I can relate on first read to both your need to be understood/understand others and your friend's need to be validated/(and presumably also to validate others). I think I want to balance these goals as far as possible - like validate someone only insofar as validation appears "true"/useful and I would be asking questions along the way to understand better whether the response is worth validating (IMO). But I suppose then greater understanding is still in service of the goal of validating the other person's perspective or not, rather than understanding in and of itself. And when someone else is giving me advice, I prefer the truth to validation since as a 6 a momentary validation often doesn't feel that comforting anyway.

I have to think about this more, though - I only figured out I was a Fi dominant rather than a Ne dominant a couple days ago, so these reflections aren't fully fleshed out). Latin (in middle/high school). 

I don't know why. That makes sense, thanks! I'm an INFP and am pretty sure I'm a 6w7, which I think is relatively uncommon.Yeah, I also thought he was an ENTP. (His whole persona seems like it could be the result of an ENTP in a Ne-Fe super-memeing loop). I could also see ESTP, though - but would rule out any Te-Fi or Fi-Te type. Same to all three. 

(+I have a half-sister who's INFJ and a half-brother who's ENFP, both from my dad's side).My mom and I don't speak at the moment, though this is less to do with type and more to do with some diagnosed but untreated mental health problems (borderline and bipolar i or ii, both of which she does not believe she has). It's a bit of a long story, though. When she and I were close, we had fun together when re-hashing shared memories or when I was encouraging her to pursue a new opportunity. What was more difficult was Fe/Fi disagreements, especially when I was younger (her getting frustrated that I would read when relatives came over, for example). Also, tertiary/secondary Ne, where sometimes I'd want to discuss a new topic and she would prefer not to or to do a familiar thing. 

My father and I get along very well. When I was younger, we were a bit more distant than we are now, partially owing to my being more emotional and his confusion sometimes at my feelings, and also due to my mother trying to distance me from him. Now he and I click well, what with having a similar workaholic streak for projects we care about, similar disinterest in a range of "popular" (for lack of a better word) activities (sports, etc), similar independence/dislike of asking for help, plus nostalgia for past times together.

My parents are divorced - I think they were quite drawn to the manifestations of their inferior function as the other's dominant, but ultimately different emotional needs (in addition to other factors) proved their undoing.

How's your relationship with your parents?I'm curious about this - do you notice a difference between your ability to detect omitted information versus detecting if a given statement is true or false? Or are you able to do both equally well?I see some evidence of Ni in your post - do you relate at all to descriptions of dominant Ni? I see. For me, your answers to the questions above clinched Ni &gt; Si (specifically your answer to 4 would point to Ni and your answer to 3 would point away from Si). You talk quite a lot about the future, you mention being able to detect if someone is lying, you mention vibes you pick up relating to people or companies. Your Ni seems central to the way you describe yourself, whereas for ISFPs I've seen it pop up less consistently, as would make sense for tertiary (like enjoying the thought of futures living in various towns, but then moving on to another topic).

In my experience, ISFJs tend to look more toward the future in a more sporadic way that tends toward pessimism. For example, I have an ISFJ friend who is doing well professionally, but if she is stressed she will tend to only envision a negative future for herself ("I'm going to end up homeless", etc). While she does have some future dreams, they also seem more tied to current or past experiences than yours (at least from your description). Like she will see a picture of a house on Pinterest and then research that style of house as a potential future house. Whereas when you describe your thought process about the future, it seems less tied to something tangible.

Also, quite anecdotally, the way you describe your memories seems similar to INFJs I know, two of whom see themselves as not having particularly good memories, but experience strong "flashbacks," sometimes with a sensory tie to particular time periods. "Whenever I smell cigarettes, it reminds me of my father" (literally) is one example I've heard.INFP.

Concerned by his narcissism (as others said), as manifested by lack of empathy, difficulty taking criticism, and trouble paying attention if he's not the center of attention. I can't really see him poring over policy briefings, listening to his advisors' arguments, weighing a difficult decision for many days, etc. 

The sheer energy/vitality of Se-doms, even unhealthy ones like Trump, is interesting to watch from my passive Se PoLR seat.

My aux Ne is curious what it would be like if he were president and thinks the novelty would be kind of interesting (Kind of reminds me of [this post] (https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5ajehy/ixnps_love_to_confuse_people/), just contemplating all the shit that could go down). Then I'll feel sort of guilty for the detached curiosity.

I strongly considered not voting after Sanders lost, but will be voting for Clinton after reading some of her Goldman Sachs speeches, where she displayed more nuance and self-awareness than I expected. I think she is competent overall, though obviously the email thing showed poor judgment. She's poor at presenting herself, but I'd prefer a candidate who is looking forward to getting done with campaigning so as to get shit done to a candidate who seems to just see it all as a big show.Agreed. 

The concept of PoLR seems one of the most (at least anecdotally) accurate parts and very useful in typing. 

Also, the Socionics descriptions tend to be more detailed, I've found, such that it has the potential to be harder to mistype. I thought I was an ENFP until reading the ENFP/INFP (IEE/EII) Socionics descriptions, which suddenly made plain all the inconsistencies in my self-typing which had previously confused me. 

The descriptions also seem to delve deeper into strengths/weaknesses whereas sometimes MBTI type descriptions can lack specificity + gloss over negatives.
I have the prioritizing facts issue, also. Is it due to tert Si-inf Te?That makes sense. Yeah, I can relate to all of what you posted. I prefer having time to mull something over before having to make a decision, though I sometimes appreciate in retrospect constraints that forced me to be decisive.

(Only other addendum is that if I'm in a Te grip I'll jump to a conclusion and want to just plow through, but seeing how poorly things go when I do this usually shakes me out of it for the time being).My father-in-law is an ESTJ which seems like a pretty optimal INFP-ESTJ interaction to my mind. 

We get along well and have straightforward conversations. I present him with ethical dilemmas or news that I've seen he finds interesting and he asks random questions to have fun with Ne, tells stories, and gives advice about practical matters. That's an interesting caveat, especially regarding not being overly influenced by demeanor - thank you!Britta from Community and George Bailey from  the older movie It's A Wonderful Life INxPs seem to need a relatively isolated work environment. 

I remember working with an INTP and ENTP and discussing the concept of open-plan offices.

ENTP: "this is a terrific medium for exchanging ideas/monitoring individual performance/encouraging competitiveness/etc" 

INTP and I: "yeah nope"

ENTP: "But why? Don't you see the benefits...etc"

INTP and I: "People can *see/monitor your work* + it's loud + yeah just no...."

I think it was the concept of being sort of watched that seemed especially oppressive to me and maybe also to the INTP. INxPs guarding their individual projects until fully formed and suspicious of Te or Fe influence or organization?

And INFJs seem to need an even more isolated environment (probably because inferior Se can make distractions harder to deal with like others said?) Haven't discussed working preferences with INTJs, but I imagine it would be relatively similar.
Anecdotally, this definitely resonates (and the quoted statement seems very Fe, for sure). (But that being said, the percentage of dom/aux Fe women is actually not that much higher than dom/aux Fi women (41.2 compared to 34.3) and neither is a majority).Food for thought (though the source seems biased looking at other videos). Less surprised by his consistency in diagnosing the causes of problems in the US (since I had heard it mentioned earlier), more surprised by the reference to getting along better with taxi drivers than other wealthy people and uncertainty about being the best person for the job.Fe-Si and Se-Fi could both make sense. 

With dom or aux Ne I've also found there is always the risk of coming across as either random or unconcerned with various everyday things which can alienate people (girls or guys, I've noticed it more with girls, maybe due to the phenomena you're mentioning). Then Fi (especially in the dominant position) comes across as too serious sometimes, plus it's focused on the individual rather than the group, so once a group gets past a certain size, I am mostly just sitting back or one-on-one-ing. 

(Also, I remember seeing you posting about being uncertain between INFP and ENFP. If you're still wondering, I was in the same place and found the Socionics type descriptions really helpful (so for EII and IEE, respectively). The descriptions are more thorough and less overwhemingly positive. Also, extending the field of view to eight functions helped in terms of narrowing down type).I feel most relaxed around other NPs and xSTJs, but have met people I liked from all types. I agree with /u/Twenty-Pikachus regarding the interesting-ness of people in general :)Is it fun even going to the grocery store with them? Not romantically, too similar. I like the NF-NT contrast (SO is ENTP) and personally see greater chance for growth there.

I feel like two INFPs could be a recipe for either too much validation of each other or things getting bottled up or frequently worrying if you're hurting the other person's feelings/treating them the best you can, like "sorry!" "no, *I'm* sorry!" (I mean, I already worry about this last one, and it's refreshing that my SO can snap me out of it by just wholeheartedly not taking anything personally). (I'm pretty sure Romeo and Juliet have both been typed as INFPs...)Your point about service staff is an especially great one. (My SO and I actually had this criteria for each other on our first date at a restaurant and only found out afterwards)So I'm actually wondering at first glance if you're an INTJ? (An INTJ in a state of stress can mistype as an ENTP due to shadow functions).

I can't exactly pinpoint it, but something about your description of Ne is off to me (this focus on patterns, especially repeated ones. It feels as though you want to synthesize something or draw your insights together, it seems convergent rather than divergent =&gt; pointing toward Ni). You also sort of reference back to accomplishments in a way I associate more with Te than Ti. 

I can't see an ENTP ever testing that high on Fi (but I could see an INTJ testing with high Ne and Ti, especially if in a stressed state). ENTPs may like or dislike Fi, but quite clearly do not identify with it. 

If not that, then ENFP (would also explain the high Fi) - similar to my earlier point, I just can't see a high Ti user saying "The INTP type explained who I was, and acted as an anchor." ENTPs are not searching for an answer - they take uncertainty as a matter of course/sort of an assumed fact of the universe. They are not interested in identity in and of itself - that's Fi's domain. The fact that you are so concerned with who you are points toward high Fi.

TL/DR: I waffled on INTJ but I'm going to say ENFP in the end, happy to clarify further.ENFP?All unordered within their categories. 

Most important: 

Freedom, Creativity, Knowledge, Compassion, Honesty, Humor

Somewhat important:

Happiness, Power, Justice, Adventure

In-between somewhat and not: 

Solitude, Wealth

Not important: 

Popularity, FaithThat makes sense to me - yeah, upon second thought, Ne dominance seems much more indicated. I still think you're an ENFP, though. "I can argue any point, but it seems unethical or dishonest to do so" points to ENFP, for sure. (ENTPs will pretend to be racist or sexist or whatever to argue the opposite side - they don't care if what they're saying is what they actually believe. They don't really *believe* anything). ENFPs kind of have that need to be grounded in some sort of ethical system to be happy that I see in your post. 

Also, ENFPs have a strong desire to connect and be liked that can be mistaken for Fe. With Fi and Te so close in the stack, ENFPs mistyping as ENTPs is very common. (But ENTPs mistyping as ENFPs is not).Along similar lines, mental health issues do not mean someone is an INFP as they do not point in and of themselves to any specific type. In fact, they can make accurate typing more difficult. 

I think or hope that this advice would take care of both some mistypings and some tendencies among INFPs online to attribute any life or emotional problem to being an INFP. Agree with these for INFPs too except I'd change over-analyzing to over-thinkingIf I don't know the person well or care about them, it won't really get under my skin. 

If I know the person well, I really like being teased or joked around with and don't usually take those things personally (to the point where people watching will think I'll get offended maybe because my expression is neutral, but I actually don't care). 

But if it's a genuine criticism from someone I care about, it will hurt my feelings, even if it's justified, and even though I usually end up liking the result of the criticism because it provides an opportunity for self-improvement. I wish I could just immediately fast-forward past the punch-in-the-gut feeling to the constructive part.Not sure, I didn't downvote you :/ ENTP to experience Ti aux and better understand my SO :)Wait, Jung wasn't an INFJ?I think more the latter (though I'm biased).Same result.Both TV shows, but:

Rachel in Orphan Black and Alice in Luther (both antagonists)What do you think would be the motive for Se types?The focus on people's motivations and being interested in trying to discern them does strike me as very Ni-Fe. Your answer to F. above almost seems like textbook INFJ to me for this reason.1. INFP

2. 6w7 or 4w5

3. Re-discover it every few years through online tests and try to learn more about it each time. 

4. Mom ESFJ, dad INTP

5. ENTP, ISFJ, ISTJ

6. ENTP

7. I don't usually procrastinate. If I know I have to do something, I tend to prefer to do it right away or have a plan as when I will do it - and I still may get impatient waiting. (Maybe this is not atypical?)Back and forth between subvocalizing and visualizing. I subvocalize more when stressed, I think. Yup, this is sound criticism. Before I did shrooms, I was totally oblivious to this inconsistency (it was one of the things that kind of hit me like a ton of bricks in the middle of my trip).(Pretty sure Snowden is an INFP (happy to expand on this). CelebrityTypes has typed him as one, at least, and it makes sense given what I've read and seen).I think Sanders is ENTJ. Same.Family - ENTP (SO), INTP (dad), ISTJ (stepmom), ESTJ (father-in-law), INFJ (mother-in-law), ISFJ (grandmother-in-law), ISTJ (sister), ENFP (brother), ENFJ (brother-in-law)

Friends - ISFJ, INTP, ISTJYeah, having no doubt in particular is a bit mutually exclusive with an xNTP typingLol, makes sense. (Also, my SO is an ENTP as well and has questioned his type many times, for example).Hey, sorry for the delayed reply! 

The thing that really stands out to me about Snowden type-wise is his frequent references to conscience, morality, etc. "I have no intention of hiding who I am because I have done nothing wrong." "Citizens with a conscience are not going to ignore wrong-doing simply because they'll be destroyed for it: the conscience forbids it." "If we sacrifice our values because we are afraid, we don't care very much for those values." "The immoral cannot be made moral by the use of secret law." "I am still working for the NSA right now. They are the only ones who don't realize it." These and similar statements seem more personally invested than those an INTP would make. It also seems like he does nothing unless it is consistent with his values. I think he gets typed as INTP and INTJ because of stereotypes about NTs in programming and NFs in arts (which my biased programming-loving INFP self dislikes, but over and above that). 

I'd be happy to hear your reasoning, too! 

INFP female. Strongly I and A and the third is either S or E depending (S is closer to the truth, but E comes up because I've enjoyed some work in business). This is literally a description of my almost 80-year-old INTP father. Haha, was considering posting something like this...yeah.Challenge accepted? 

INFP: 

-moral self-justification as a hypocritical art form in order to make the equation "me = good" balance properly 

I definitely agree that Arya uses Fi, but would be curious to hear your rationale for Jaime? My SO who's an ENTP does this. Yup, this is a very noticeable trend in my mother-in-law (an INFJ as well, although one in her 40s). I attribute it to Ti development. It seems to go along with a realism about the motives of others which also helps fortify the decision ("most people look out for themselves first, so I'm not going to give and give for those who don't do the same").FWIW "I just say things to see how the other person responds" seems very ENTP/tert-Fe to me (with an ENTP SO and INTP father). I feel like that sort of approach would make my father uncomfortable. He dislikes debating, though he's good at it, because it can get too heated. My SO, in contrast, sometimes dislikes debating for reasons similar to ones in your post history - people fail to provide a counter-argument that's at all valid, challenging or surprising. Kind of "I wish we could always talk at the same level of precision and then no debating would be needed, only discussion/refinement of some central judgments" vs "I want sparring partners who are precise, but not committed to one side. Coming to a conclusion is less important than the other person's willingness to see all angles and question his/her preconceptions". 

This is anecdotal, admittedly, though. That also seems pretty typical. Finally, Socionics talks about Ti and Ne subtypes of ENTP, which could also be clarifying (my SO found out he was a strong Ti subtype when he took the test). Ti subtype would be closer to an INTP than the Ne one. Did your sociotype.com result mention a subtype? 

Also np!The descriptions of type relations can be a bit too deterministic IME. My mother-in-law is an INFJ married to an ESTJ and close to her ESTJ sister. They certainly have significant differences in approach/information processing that can require more effort in communication at times, but they also seem to appreciate the other's strength in their PoLR. It's not as though any interaction with conflictors is doomed to failure. So in my experience, some ENFPs can make statements which seem very unqualified, while internally​ having more doubt/being aware that their statements are only true for a particular context. If you or someone else can dig down into the internals of your friend's considerations, more nuance may be found if your friend can be pushed to make his/her context or qualifications explicit. 

Example: debate yesterday between my ENTP SO and ENFP brother talking about a hypothetical scenario. 

ENFP: "I'm completely sure that X will happen in this scenario"

ENTP: "What do you mean you're sure?" (Given that it's a discussion of a hypothetical)

ENFP: "Well given (long list of conditions not previously named) X will happen" (still sure)

ENTP: "But remember last year you were certain about another X and Y happened instead?"

ENFP concedes this with a good grace. 

So I'm imagining if someone discusses this ENFP's plan with him in a similar way some similar fleshing out would occur something like:

ENFP: "I really want to pursue this no matter what"

Other person: "No matter what? So there are no conditions under which you would not pursue this plan?"

ENFP: "Oh well if (names list of possible plan-stopping activities previously undisclosed) happened then I'd definitely not pursue it"

Like "I don't care what anyone else says" is probably more like "I'm not going to back down easily but there are things people could say that would affect me, I just assume those things are obvious"

This is just a guess though. What do you think? Actualized type: INFP

Preferred type: ENTJ

Attraction type: ENTP 


Well, I am an INFP, my SO is an ENTP, and I do wish I were more decisive/forthright/effective, so seems pretty accurate :) I've considered ESFP for him, but rejected it because upon talking more to him, he says the context of overall uncertainty is pretty much implicit in his thinking (his presentation just doesn't always reflect it). Also, he is very comfortable in the sort of stereotypical Ne brainstorming flow and can become totally unaware of his surroundings when in a brainstorming conversation. 

I kind of associate the certainty with the "Te-edge" I've heard used when discussing ENFPs. (Also, for clarification, it's a certainty about something in the moment, not just about the future). Sort of a straightforward presentation that will minimize or assume as implicit Ne's qualifications. (In contrast to INFPs where lower Te can make them unnecessarily long-winded...Like this post :))This is a great comment. Just want to add that it can also be through fictional media (my ESTJ father-in-law likes watching movies about fathers and sons and thinking about the decision-making process he would use in a similar situation). Bonus points of a sort for being further from your actual situation (like a father whose son is accused of murder rather than one whose experience is parallel to yours).&gt; I have been searching for some definite distinctions between INFPs and ISFJs for ages, but I haven't found anything yet.

Jumping in here as an INFP with a good ISFJ friend to lay out some distinctions I've noticed. (I'm pretty confident in both my self-typing and my typing of my friend). Necessary caveat that this is all from my experience and subject to change and may not be as definite as you would like.

ISFJs are more organized, more careful (both socially/internally/in daily matters of life), and more overall conscientious than INFPs. ISFJs I know will work hard *in general*, over all areas consistently, whether they like the thing itself or not, whether it's interesting or not, etc. In contrast, I and other INFPs I know will work hard on things that are connected to what I/they care about, but for a wide variety of things, I just can't bring myself to really give a fuck (and this has increased as I've gotten older, kind of narrowing of the matrix of "what really matters" where things within the matrix are maximum conscientiousness/worry I can bring to bear and other stuff is eh).

ISFJs are very delicate with people - sort of gentle or sassy depending on whether the situation calls for it. They don't offer too much of their own opinions unless they are comfortable with the audience and they are good at putting people at ease. ISFJs will smooth out a group. I do a deep-dive one-on-one thing with people where I try to get into their "mode" or zone and it's enjoyable/effective, but in a group I'm not adept at all. INFPs will filter out the most steadfast version of their opinion so as not to offend but their full opinion kind of breaks through the cracks nonetheless.

ISFJs are more worried about things that could go wrong and more likely to stick to a decision even if things about it aren't always rubbing them the right way. Uncertainty is almost always negative. INFPs are more likely to almost be comforted by uncertainty because it reconnects them with their Ne (like an INFP in a Fi-Si loop will be scared of what could happen, but once they reactivate their Ne, they realize there are so many options that their current issue isn't worth worrying about). 

ISFJs are a bit hesitant discussing random topics and less interested in esoteric shit. It's not that they don't understand theoretical things and in fact most ISFJs I know are more adept than they give themselves credit for at math/philosophy/insert-abstract-subject-here, but they are reluctant to dive deep into those subjects (in my observations) for whatever reason. 

ISFJs are externally warm but internally more adept at detaching/being cynical about people. INFPs are more externally standoffish/tense but internally idealistic/want something to hold onto.

Both types are non-confrontational, but INFPs will lay down the law if an ethical line gets crossed (to the point of snapping at someone). ISFJs will snap on behalf of people they care about, but are less likely to stand up for themselves.

I hope this helps and sorry if it's kind of scattered.
&gt; What's with all the self-hatred?

IIRC he's an INTP with INFP flair.This seems as much like evidence for ISTJs as beneficiaries of INTPs as evidence for Si-doms thinking "boring" thoughts, though.

(Like I have the same benefactor-beneficiary dynamic with ISFJs and my SO's ISFJ grandmother thinks I'm kooky/funny for mixing up pie cutters with pizza cutters)FWIW, I posted a comment the other day about observed differences between ISFJs and INFPs in case it's helpful: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5lieqw/slug/dbx6otcI don't know if this will work for you, but when I embrace the uncertainty of situations and re-remember how the uncertainty of possibilities can be exciting, that helps me get out of most Fi-Si loops (basically find a way to stimulate your Ne regarding that situation). But I'm not sure if that strategy will work for your particular situation? I don't know if the point about others' emotions having an effect rules out Fi. As an INFP, the emotions of those I care about and their moods have a strong effect on me. That being said, I don't have trouble differentiating my emotions from theirs and even if they have an effect, they don't much of an influence. FWIW though, you may not be either of those two types. I agree there's not enough to judge from your post alone and I see good cases being made for ESFJ, too. I would take a cognitive function test and see what your results are.-finishing or working on a creative endeavor to personal satisfaction (writing, programming)/generally being in the flow of that experience where it feels like it's "creating itself"

-connecting one-on-one with someone in a flow of listening/mutual understanding (the closer the person the stronger the effect)

-imbibing some very fulfilling thing (a novel, a theory, psychedelics)Thing is though, your experiences kind of disprove your determinism about intertype relations, since Socionics would predict you and the INFJ would get along well one-on-one, but not in a group, and your experience was the opposite of that. I think I was a pretty typical INFP kid.

Fi-wise example: when I was about 7, I was asked to judge a contest for something I didn't know how to do. Because I didn't want to hurt anyone's feelings and also didn't feel qualified to judge because I didn't know how to do the task, I gave everyone 7s (not so high as to be deceitful or so low as to be insulting). I remember how it felt like the most correct choice given the factors and the satisfaction of that even though it didn't really solve the problem (in retrospect).

Ne-wise, I would daydream a lot (my INTP dad would say "if there's one piece of advice I want to give you, it's pay attention and don't be too indecisive", I think since he saw those were weaknesses we shared?)

In general i was a calm kid and not easily fazed by things. 

Low Je/high Ji probably also made me more stubborn as a kid in that I disliked asking for help/wanted to figure it out myself. (I'm still like that, but in childhood it was exaggerated)Your under-five-year-old theory would definitely make sense of why my INTP dad went around biting people as a toddler (story that surprises everyone who knew him after childhood)
I definitely see the appeal of the intertype stuff but it's not a one-to-one (in my experience), though I see how many of your interactions could fit into that frameworkUnhealthy ESFP makes sense to me (with the caveat that some behaviors you mentioned aren't related to type or useful in typing (like misogynistic tendencies)).That's fair. 

Also, to clarify since others were saying Ti-Fe axis, I saw Fi in his pushing of his own opinion regardless of social context or appropriateness. And Se/Ni from his environmental awareness/noticing body language. ESFP over ISFP since I haven't noticed ISFPs being pushy or liking to argue (but I have seen ESFPs kind of invading space in the way you're describing - a more well-intentioned version being an ESFP I knew who, after knowing of an ISFJ friend's depression, would always say "Are you OK?? You look upset" upon seeing the ISFJ).I agree this is connected to Fi and it can occur in low Fi users as well, interestingly enough.

"Don't tell me who I am" kind of thing and hating being misunderstoodThis reads like a troll post/for the lulzI think a Te grip could cause a Fi user to dislike their own emotions. In that state of tension between Fi and Te, you bypass Ne and Si entirely. This can create a feeling of futility where you want to be objective and effective, but feel thwarted in so doing or in your efforts in general. In my Te grips, I don't know where I am going or what I want. I just feel something is off about my perceptions and I must fix it or I'll always be incompetent. 

I disagree with the overall meme of Fi-doms being comfortable with their emotions, also. Sometimes Fe users around me know I'm upset before I do. They may even know why before I do. But what is clearer to me is where I stand ethically on particular issues and this is more difficult to resist, even if logically it doesn't make sense. I am comfortable with myself when I've made a judgment I think is ethically sound. (That being said, if asked to write down unequivocal values on a set of paper, it would take me a long time because no moral rule is without exceptions).

I don't know if this helps, but it doesn't seem that unusual, what you're describing, is I guess my point. &gt; I've thought of the grip situation before, but I've been like this for 8+ years.

I see. I was reading your "guess my type" post from a few days ago and it made me curious as to why you think you are an INFP (as opposed to an INTP)?

"Perhaps that I can't work through things if I don't understand them. Take memorisation as an example, I've never understood how people memories problems instead of understanding them first" seemed almost textbook Ti to me from that post which is why I ask.

&gt; Fi users are generally indulging themselves in their emotions

It depends. Especially if it's a negative emotion, I don't like to give into the full feeling unless it seems authentic/necessary (and will rarely express it except to those I'm close to). This is due to privacy, not wanting to bring others down unnecessarily, and shame. So sometimes I will repress stress for a significant period of time and then my emotions will emerge later and I'll surprise myself with what comes out. That process of expelling emotion though I will usually find to be very cathartic and afterwards I'll feel more "balanced".

Similarly, I talked with an INFP I know about our dislike of media we perceived as "sentimental" since the open expression of their own or others' emotions can rub Fi users the wrong way.

&gt; are uncomfortable with decisions based on pure logic (or not considering other people's emotions), in clearer picture, they'd hesitate to argue if that'd result in hurting someone's feelings.

This one is more true for me and other INFPs I've observed (if no humans are involved, logic will win out, but once human considerations come into play, a bias toward human feelings/concerns creeps in).

An example of the ethical considerations: Right now, my SO went upstairs to look for something and took longer than expected. Though he said he didn't need help, I can tell that after a certain point, I will feel compelled to go see if he does need help after all. I would feel unsettled if I did not do this and would feel more unsettled the longer the time went on (and would feel the need to compensate for this "wrong" by making sure upon his return that he was, in fact, fine without any help if I didn't go to look). Similarly, this is a true story and even though you are a stranger on the Internet, something would feel jarring to me about presenting a false version of this story, even though it's purely for illustrative purposes and no one is being harmed. Fi's concern with "authenticity" even when it doesn't really matter.

That sort of push-pull between the (sometimes almost physical) sensation of an ethical obligation and whether/how it can be fulfilled is what I associate most with Fi.So I would make a distinction here between using Fi for decision-making in a creative versus non-creative context. I don't know if this applies to others, but in a creative context, the paper or code or whatever "writes itself" and I'm not aware of my own role in the process or of the steps of conscious analysis, though later on I could try to reconstruct why something worked or how it ended up fitting together. But my explanation might be unsatisfying and in the process I might start to feel like I lost whatever "it" was.

In a non-creative context, it would be more like testing and refining an initial ethical judgment about something (and often the judgment would get altered). (Maybe the creative process is also involving ethical judgments - it must be - but I'm just less conscious of what those judgments are).

For example, seeing parallels between Edward Snowden and Thomas More. The first judgment - "There appears to be an ethical similarity between these two figures" - and then refining it or subjecting it to other angles, sometimes presenting it to others in the process, revisiting it later upon gathering of new data. Examples in that case - "Why do I perceive a similarity?" "Am I just linking them together because I think they are both INFPs?/is that bias at play here? If MBTI were no longer valid, would I still perceive a similarity?" (Yes -&gt; Can progress forward) "Both figures made sacrifices for the sake of a principle and both failed in their objectives, yet something is stopping me from drawing a one-to-one parallel here. What is it? More was willing to leave his wife and daughter and Snowden was willing to leave his family and girlfriend, both for the sake of a principle - but in Snowden's case, he wasn't certain he would die. Does that make Snowden's decision more altruistic than More's? Or perhaps not, since Snowden was equally *willing* to be killed? Do I know enough about either of these figures to actually draw a nuanced conclusion? Where did I leave this issue when I thought about it last?" 

I was kind of revisiting the Snowden/More thing "out loud" as I was typing this, so I hope this helps in seeing the process in "real-time" and apologies for kind of an irrelevant or odd example.I find it very hard to live in the moment. Any time I do for a second I'll think something like "I guess this is living in the moment?" and lose it. I attribute it to Se PoLR.This sounds like it could be due to Se PoLR.What do you count as procrastination or lack of organization?

The ISFJ I know best considers herself a disorganized procrastinator, but by xNxP standards is neither of these things, is why I'm asking. Have you read The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle?Interesting. Also, this may be helpful: 

"ISFJs become perfectionists because of an underlying fear of the future. They want to psychologically prepare themselves for unexpected events or problems. Since Ne makes them imagine all the different ways things could possibly go wrong, they use Si to rehearse and practice and master minute details in order to calm themselves.

INFPs become perfectionists because Fi-Ne gives them a sense of what is possible and they want to actualize the possibility that makes the most meaningful sense to themselves. But lower Si means that they do not have a good grasp of details. They can become obsessive over tiny details because they never seem quite right in terms of matching their vision, especially because Ne visions are constantly shifting, like moving goal posts."

This is from an [excellent site] (http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/) which contains more useful resources for you in your search.

Oddly enough, I'd say ESFJ is also worth looking into. Why xSFJ in general? 

Well, first, I do tend to think you use Si over Ne from these quotations:

&gt; I'm reflective and cling on to things from the past. I find change very difficult, yet I also crave new experiences. 

(Secondary Ne-Tertiary Si would be the opposite formulation - "I get excited by new things, but sometimes feel I should just settle down and focus" or something like that). 

&gt; Anxiety is a big issue for me and I'm always predicting future events and worrying about them before they've happened. 

Any type could be anxious, but the worrying about future events tends to be linked to lower Ne.

&gt; When making decision I take a lot of time evaluating different method of doing things, so that I can choose the best way...I'm constantly taking in knowledge, because I feel like the more I know, the more prepared I am.

Again, higher Si than Ne. INFP would be more like taking in knowledge because it's interesting and then justifying to yourself that it also helps you be prepared.

ESFJ over ISFJ is possible because:

Focus on "creativity". The tertiary is typically a function people focus on and use as a means of self-definition - ISFJs I know don't see themselves as creative (even though they can be/are), whereas ESFJs I know tend to sort of put more emphasis on or pride in their ability to come up with new ideas. 

Fe over Fi from:

&gt; I like having my own sense of individuality, but I have a hard time understanding what my identity actually is. I tend to try out different styles and take different pieces of inspiration from people I admire form some kind of image for myself. 

High Fi is going to be more certain about its identity. If the question "who am I and what values am I putting into the world" is uncertain, that will cause more anxiety for the Fi user than what you're describing.

&gt;  I'm very aware when someone is screwing me over

seems to point to more social savviness (high Fi is going to tend more toward idealism about others and missing those cues) 

But your statement about not liking to associate with people with different values struck me as very Fi-Se. Have you looked into ISFP at all?

But I'm still not sure, so take this with a grain of salt. I'm leaning ISFx, but I'd be curious what you think after seeing mbti-notes.

I'm kind of getting an ISTP vibe from all this. I could expand more on why if you likeHey, I will try to go through these one by one. 

1. Doesn't really indicate anything (INTP and INTJ subs are both notorious for the amount of mistypes). 

2. Why do you get annoyed by such discussions? Is it because they are not interesting to you? Or seem irrelevant? Or something else entirely?

3. This sounds more like high Te or at least lower or non-main-stack Ne. 

4. What are your "values"?

5. This one is sort of difficult because the information you provided is somewhat contradictory.

6. This points away from *dominant* Te (but you weren't considering that anyway). 

7. Neither of the points you mentioned refer to Ni-Fi or Ti-Si loops. The first is behavior indicative of an Se grip (so could be evidence for INTJ) and the second isn't really related to type. 

8. Can't really link to a particular type.

9. Very very Ni. Probably the most indicative point thus far.

10. Could be indicative of multiple types for multiple reasons. 

11. Same as #10, except for your reasoning ("because MBTI can really help me improve myself and therefore it is of great use to me") which seems more Te-Fi. 

12. 

&gt; However, it does take me time to understand how I feel such as whether I am truly happy or depressed about something.

points to lower Fi.

13. Points away from ExTP but doesn't indicate INTP or INTJ. (sorry, should say 13)

I'm leaning INTJ from this, though some traits could be done by multiple types for varying reasons.Your evidence for his being an introverted perceiver made sense, so narrowed down to IxxP. No evidence for INFP, so that's ruled out.

&gt; Often times he'll get bored and be like, for example, "hmm..that building looks climbable" and then climbs it, or make contraptions like a slingshot or a bendable stick catapult or something.

sounds almost stereotypically ISTP (taking action in the environment in a time of boredom, understanding how something fits together through application of mental model in the environment). I couldn't see a bored INTP necessarily wanting to climb a building.

So ISxP over INTP from that.

&gt; "Don't worry about it. I tend to not think to much about anything people say, so just say what you want to say and I'll answer it."

made me lean toward ISTP (straightforward communicators) over ISFP (similarly direct, but more likely to analyze the meaning behind someone's words due to Fi combined with Ni). I would lean ISTP over ESTP for you since you said a bunch of things that point toward inferior Fe:

&gt;  then they want to share something something from their childhood that really fucked them up and I just freeze. I want to help so badly, I just don't know what to say or do

and 

&gt; organized groups of people make me uncomfortable. I can see the hive mind working and I can't tell what they will do. A person is fine, great actually, but a group is it's own entity and I don't like it. 

Also:

&gt;  I love new situations, but I never know how to react right away. If possible I like to sit back and observe what everyone else is doing until I'm fairly confident that I can do whatever it is we're doing.

seems to point to dom Ti over dom Se to me&gt; I've searched about Ti, and it didn't click with me. I don't think that it explains my thought process. Admittedly, Fi is a bit off as well, but by eliminating Ti, the former is the only choice.

So what about Ti seemed off to you and what about Fi seemed off?

Have you considered types besides the INxPs? (I assume yes?) 

You did mention something about depression in your other post which would make self-typing more difficult. Proving your point further, I think the current iteration of Sherlock is very INTJ, whereas the original one (portrayed well in the Jeremy Brett adaptation) was probably ENTP (ESTP as second choice).I think you are probably an INFP and I would be happy to expand on my reasoning if you like. Have you ever looked into the type?Well, there were a lot of comments you made that made me pretty certain you use Fi as your dominant function:

-you got into MBTI "to understand yourself" 

-you start out with a probably unintentionally self-deprecating self-assessment in the interests of being genuine 

-Things that matter to you often are associated with genuineness (you started watching more movies after Heath Ledger's performance "felt real" to you, you remember the sense of "genuineness" with your INTP friend, your high school interactions bothered you as they felt like a "facade")

&gt; I have always felt a disconnect with most people (even many intuitives) sometimes I wonder if all I seek is a circle jerk because a congregation of people often ends up being one and a set of principle is often held more sacred than another set based on mere preferences and then a group superiority is feigned (based on how no other grpup follows those principles or has a flaw which this group doesn't) in order to stroke the collective's ego. However I still think that it would be nice to be able to open up with someone without having to justify my being.

This shows preference for Fi over Fe. You are suspicious of uniformity of group values. You would rather keep your individual values, but still want to be seen for who you are/open up and have a connection on that basis. 

&gt; Both; it depends. I think all ideas are justifiable and understandable depending upon the circumstances and perception of either the people who are being ruled by them or the people who are conceiving and sharing them. So judging and accepting any idea is really a subjective choice. Specially when an idea may evolve and develop into something which may even be the anti thesis of its original intention (eg Will to power, Christianity, Communism or even science to a certain extent)

Again, very Fi, both in your focus on the intention behind an idea and in your focus on how and why individuals give value/meaning to specific ideas. You are unwilling to rule out any specific perspective since there may be a contextual reason for an individual to have that perspective.

So, having narrowed it down to the two Fi-dom types (INFP and ISFP), I see more evidence for aux Ne than aux Se:

-Paying the least attention to your surroundings (classic INxP Se Point of Least Resistance) 

&gt; I remember as a child I had very vivid imagination and had lots of imaginary friends. I used to "play out" stories in my head most of the stories were created by me subsequently the look of the characters was also decided by me. I could see them clearly in my head. 

I did this a lot as a child as well. This sounds like a version of lateral thinking to me?

Also, since you mention not thinking you're good at anything, but being encouraged to write poetry you found you were decent at it, I'm thinking maybe you are better at lateral thinking than you think you are?



Yeah, it does sound like you're on the Te-Fi axis and INTJ is more likely than ISTJ give your use of Ni and Se. Probably not then - the better parts IMO are in the first half. That makes a lot of sense! Which of the procrastination descriptions (INFP vs ISFJ) did you relate to more? Hm. What about ISFP didn't resonate with you?What's your type? That's interesting and makes a lot of sense!

Have you tried shrooms as well? The most shorthand I can think of is Doc Brown/Rick on Rick and Morty vs an absent-minded professor or Jeremy Clarkson vs James May on Top Gear/Grand Tour if you've seen it. 

(ENTPs being the first example and INTPs the second in both cases) I think it contains a lot of mistypes (common issue with many of the subs)To me post sounds like Se dominance, but I'm having trouble determining between ESTP and ESFP. How not? My curiosity is re-piqued for trying out LSD and MDMA, in that case! I found the one time I did shrooms to be life-changing (even function-wise in terms of helping Ne and realizing how much Fi dominance had narrowed my perspective without even realizing it). In that case I'm going to still agree with the other conclusion above that you're INFP. Interesting quiz, got Ravenclaw. I got Gryffindor from the official version which never really made sense to me (although to be fair I never particularly related to any of the houses)It's possible that that's coming across to your listeners? Especially if they've seen you being genuinely interested in something else and can notice the differenceAlso, important distinction between self-centeredness and selfishness. Selfish = acting in one's own interests vs self-centered/egocentric = unable to see the validity of other perspectives.

IME people who are self-centered are generally less self-aware about the fact than people who are selfish. Both have dangers, but self-centeredness arguably more IMO due to that lack of self-awareness.The answer to #8 sounds a bit like higher Se, lower Ni to me. I also read Kafka on the Shore and found it to be intriguing, but not dazzling. Kafka himself was too archetypal to really grab me and some concepts that I initially found engaging such as the concept of the older man being able to speak to cats came to feel like randomness for randomness' sake. (This same critique I could also level at Wind-Up Bird, to be fair, which took more and wilder shots than Kafka. But the ones that I thought were successful - like the historical section in Manchuria - I found to be more well-executed. That being said, the ones that failed failed more dramatically, as well).

Have you read anything else by him? Referencing the thrill/adrenaline/enjoying time pressure in the moment. As an INFP imagining sort of winging it based on a hunch like OP describes seems very stressful, to the point where I'd actively avoid such a situation, but I could imagine an ISFP enjoying that sort of flow? 

I could be biased though due to earlier answers of OP that leaned Se over Ne to me (like imagining the environmental details of the picture in #1 instead of jumping off to something else). That's true about the lack of development. I read A Wild Sheep Chase a long time ago and don't remember it too well. The only other one I have read is South of the Border, West of the Sun which was a bit elegiac for my taste (something like The End of the Affair by Graham Greene did a similar thing more effectively, I thought). I haven't read any of the others you mentioned, but am especially curious about Norwegian Wood now. And I haven't read any Chuck Palahniuk! 


Also, I do watch Pretty Little Liars too and would be curious to hear your thoughts. I feel like it became so bad it circlejerked around to being good again. There's something about it that keeps me watching - perhaps the hope that the final unveiling will be a master plan that will cause a great hat-tip to the writers and tie everything together? Same but in reverse.An ESFP in a Se-Te loop?If I read Norwegian Wood, I'll let you know!

Ah, gotcha. I'm up to where it currently is (Season 7 I think?) Probably Spencer or Aria (though I'm not much of a fan of the Aria/Ezra thing). What about you? 

Also, Pretty Little Liars feels like a very Se-Ni show to me, does that make any sense to you? It's hard to type you from this given the project context (so it's not going to be diving deep into your motivations/internal processing etc). Also because you have a prepared speech, rather than speaking off the cuff.Aw, one of my best friends is an ISFJ, you guys both have this sophisticated elegance, it's impressiveI've noticed this with ISFPs I know IRL, as well. Also a very soft way of speaking(Reading that, what made you eventually rule out INFJ? I was noticing the comments below your post).So that sounds like it would correspond with [RCUEI] (http://similarminds.com/global5/rcuei.html). Do you relate to the traits/careers listed at all?[Apparently you'd be a good assassin] (http://similarminds.com/global5/scuei.html). 

You're close to the border with [SCOEI] (http://similarminds.com/global5/sloei.html) though.Aww, no need to be sorry!

I agree that Aria sometimes overreacts. I kind of get the sense in interviews that the actors are very much over the dynamic between the characters but can't outright say so because fans like it and younger fans may not be aware of the problematic aspects of dating a teacher.

Haha, as a Ne user I'm always like "why didn't they debate the possibilities for like 100x longer before taking action? If they just whiteboarded it and pulled an all-nighter they could figure this A thing out", but if even two of the girls were high Ne user, it would probably ruin the show, since there would be too much discussion and rambling.

I enjoyed discussing all this with you, too! My mother-in-law and sister are both INFJs and the appreciation is mutual. :) 

Hobbies? Reading, programming, taking part in SO (ENTP)'s fun projects (which are usually something technical or engineering-related like movie server setup, home humidifier, etc), enjoy creative writing but don't do it formally, listening to music, watching documentaries, other things I probably forgot

What about you?

What are your hobbies?Haha, apparently assassin is a favored career plan for me as well, so I'm all set. Career counselors always recommend a backup plan, right? (I'm kidding too obviously)

My SO is ENTP and got the same result as you. He was pretty excited that dictator and international spy were also in the range of options. 

And yeah, the description for SCOEI is pretty intense. First career = CEO, makes sense lol. That makes sense to me! Interesting. What type did you think you were? That's really interesting - yeah, I also found the descriptions to be very fitting and nicely precise.

The methodology behind SLOAN+ is really interesting as well if you look at some of the other information about it on the similarminds site. That all makes sense to me!

I'm still not sure how legit Socionics is but it does suggest that INFJs use Fi a good amount subconsciously, they just have preference for Ni. (Same deal for INFPs with Ni and Fi). So something I've noticed and heard from others that I think is a reflection of this is that INFJs have a focus on authenticity in their interactions which can look like Fi. They understand the reasons for revealing and concealing motivations in social contexts (unlike a high Fi user who may pull a stereotypical Holden Caulfield "it's all so phony and I don't get why". Lack of perspective in immature Fi about how being the most "real" about one's views is not always noble or kind). But INFJs seem to desire to perceive the inner core of the person behind the social face. They are guarded themselves, but dislike masks and can usually see through them. I don't know if this makes any sense or is true or helpful. But I think a lot of Fi/Fe discussions are too simplistic thus leading to confusions like the ones you mentioned. Thanks for this!Yeah, also I'm sure it's possible for them/for a teacher-student to have a healthy relationship, but it didn't get off to the most healthy start lol. 

Craftsmanship, that's interesting. Who are some of your favorite musicians?

Your theory regarding being hands-on is interesting. It's possible. Ne is very broad in potential interests and Te gives practicality or a need for application. Aux Ne and tert Si in combination are often interested in bridging theory and practice. 

That being said, the two INFJs I know are kind of on opposite ends of the spectrum on this. One is very hands-off, while the other works in a technical field and is good at quickly troubleshooting technical or mechanical problems (like "no need to read the manual, we can figure this out") while I'm still reading the manual because I probably need it :) It could just be differences in interests, though. I used to be less interested in technical things, but being with an Ne dominant person has expanded my interests, for sure. 

Sorry I kind of circlejerked around there :)This is very helpful. I was curious about this as well. Hey, so N/I is non-curious/inquisitive. 

"Intellect - Non-curious and Inquisitive type
--Non-curious types are less intellectually driven
--Inquisitive types are insatiable in their quest to know more"

(As clarification, intellect != Intelligence).You're welcome!Yup, can confirm the first part from experience as well. 

Father-in-law (ESTJ) often wants everyone to do something together and get along but doesn't know the best means to bring it about. So for example:

Father-in-law to ENTP son: 
"We should all watch this movie together as a family!"
ENTP: "No, I don't want to watch that movie. Why do you guys always pick these kind of movies to watch? You know you're not going to remember it later. What's the point of watching something if it isn't even high-quality?"
ESTJ: "Come on! Well, what type of movie do you want to watch?"
ENTP: "You should really see *names documentary*"
ESTJ: "No, that's too serious. I want to watch something exciting"
ESTJ: sad retreat but can't express it b/c inferior Fi

ESFJ brother-in-law to ENTP brother: "So I'm going to put on this movie in the background. You can keep doing what you're doing, I just want to see this movie and your TV is better" 
ENTP: fein

Fifty minutes later ENTP is watching movie and likes it

Age 10:

books about dog breeds, made-up fantasy worlds, retreat from parents fighting, OCD

Age 13:

writing &gt; speaking, passive, remote crushes, bad hair

Age 16:

community service, learning languages, too studious for weird kids and too weird for studious kids

current self (26): 

happily engaged, startup, post-shrooms existentialism = let's just learn and do interesting shitWhich is more obvious to you: the most direct/efficient way to do something or the most direct/effective way to ingratiate yourself with someone?You could frame it in terms of the discrepancy between either the person he wants to be and the person he is or the person he thinks he is and the person he is. This will/could prompt a Fi re-assessment. The first is the less aggressive approach, the second is more. Either could work.

So first would be something like (paraphrasing) "Do you really want to be the kind of person who everyone has to pick up after? Do you really want other people to have to clean up your mess? I know you can do better than that" (even if the last part is a lie right now, say it anyway since it could sort of shake him out of feeling like his approach is pre-determined)

Second is something like "I know you think you're the kind of person who cares a lot about other people, but what you're doing is very uncaring. I know you, and I know you actually do care, but from your actions there's no difference right now between someone who hates me and you as a friend since you're not doing any of the basic things I would expect anyone who claims to be a friend to do. I don't care how much you care about me in your head, if your actions don't reflect it it's the same as if you didn't care at all." 

Down to the detail of the dog breeds?This was my reaction too (26)The ISFJs I know do appear to spend more time thinking about the future than the past which is a data point for thought (even though Ni != Future and Si != Past, still they spend more time in that realm than I'd expect)That's so funny! Do you find it's stuck with you even though you haven't looked at it in the meantime? I ask because the app Quizup has a dog breed section and I was surprised how many came back when prompted by the photo. 

Also, favorite breeds? (I have a quick question springing off this. When I talk to INFJs I know, they articulate a similarity between my over-empathizing and theirs - why is this? Like an INFJ will say something like "You and I couldn't be psychiatrists because we'd both be too affected by the patients' negative emotions/we're too empathetic." What would a "too empathetic" Fe user look like compared to a "too empathetic" Fi user?)That all makes sense to me. I can see the threads of the analysis you gave of my INFJ mother-in-law in other statements she has made, so I think you have correctly pinpointed the distinction. 

My mom (ESFJ) is also in a helping profession as a chaplain. From a young age, she took me to nursing homes to talk to the patients and encouraged me to go into a helping profession as she thought I would be good at it (and I was pretty good at one-on-one connections). Due to some unhealthy dynamics between us, I very much wanted to please her, so after I graduated from college I worked for several years at a non-profit where I had previously volunteered with very ill patients. I sort of tricked myself into thinking I could handle it because there was no day-to-day effect that I could perceive, even though at the end of each day I was worn out enough to only watch dumb TV. I also identified with the patients to the point that they were able to deceive me by asking for special favors or treats, which I felt guilty refusing. 

Now I have my own startup and spend most of my time with my SO programming or troubleshooting technical problems. I have much more energy and am happier. 

TL/DR: good point well madeIt's also possible that your Ne is more developed compared to your friend? Maybe downvoted because of tone? 

I don't think most respondents believe in those things either but your tone came across as "no way you'd have to be an idiot to believe that" and the subtext is "(and obvs I'm not)"

I'm very much convinced that wasn't your actual intent though That all makes sense to me, thanks for your analysis. That's great, I'm glad your Finnish Spitz wasn't too vocal! What a cool choice. Pharaoh Hound makes sense given your username, lol. 

I picked a Flat-Coated Retriever, who I had many happy years with before he died of bone cancer, although he had an unfortunate penchant for running away! I also have a soft spot for Samoyeds and other spitz, as well as giant livestock guardians like Kuvasz. But now I've read more about the negatives of pure breeding as I've gotten a bit older I'm conflicted over whether to own a purebred dog in future. :/ Have a farm cat at the moment.

Have you ever read A Celebration of Rare Breeds by Cathy Flamholtz? That was one of my favorite books as a kid.That makes a lot of sense, thanks for the clarificationsFWIW I liked your feedback tooAlternatively, it might not be more developed but just developed in a different direction. Like what's stimulating you is things outside of your mind in either case, but in your case, some have to do with people some not, whereas she's more stimulated by things primarily relating to peopleWhat do you think is a common misunderstanding about ESTPs?Haha, I should have had the caveat of saying "the question what's your favorite X is ultimately a very limited one, but I can't think of a better way to start to find out more about someone's taste in X". 

I like your starter list and the diversity of the genres as well. I like some of those artists too (Beach House, The xx, Tame Impala, Arcade Fire, Fleet Foxes) and am unfamiliar with a lot of the rest, but have noted them down for reference/exploration. Bloom by Beach House is actually one of my favorite albums - what do you think of that one?

My shortlist would also include The Kinks, The Who, Lucius, The Beach Boys, John Maus, Nicolas Jaar, Grimes, Broken Bells, Godspeed You Black Emperor!, Philip Glass. In the case of many artists I'll only know one or two of their songs so I'm a bit unsystematic about music in general, now I think about it, and I'm not sure if I can then include those as "favorite artists."
And actually if you mention guilty pleasures Lucy Hale's CD Road Between is mine at the moment to circle on back to PLL :) 

Your theorising makes good sense to me :) you definitely didn't come across as making assumptions. And hey, if you want more hope about INFJs' power of creation, take a look at Tolstoy or Dostoevsky, two of arguably the greatest writers of all time in terms of psychological insight/depthYour replies make sense to me, thanks!

Also, [comedian Lee Mack] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EI9iqhdAPy8&amp;t=191s) seems ESTP to me in his on-the-spot wit/reasoning - what do you guys think?

&gt; infps tend to be a little surer in their opinions

This seems true to me, with the addition that ENFPs sometimes *seem* more sure of their opinions in the moment than INFPs (maybe due to the higher Te so they present their opinions more directly), but INFPs seem internally more certain about their opinions once they've come to them.If you are an ENFP (and your type me post would seem to lean that way too), then your comment makes more sense of the possible internal processes behind a behavior I've observed with other ENFPs, too - thanks for that! This could sort of go either way. I always hear that INFPs are certain of their introversion, but that wasn't the case for me (and I'm fairly certain I am INFP).

I recommend looking toward inferior Te vs Si instead of social markers. When you're stressed, do you feel more like you're incompetent and can't accomplish anything (inferior Te) or do you feel empty as though nothing exciting will ever happen again (inferior Si)?I'd agree with this as wellAgreed that INFP is still very possible. (Differences between INFPs regarding attitude interactions with others can often be traced to Big 5 or Global 5 differences - lower or higher on Agreeableness/Accommodation, for example)Maybe because INTJs often dislike Fe, so in questions asking about feeling preferences, you slant both strongly toward Fi values and away from Fe values. 

I don't mind if the characters are likable or not as long as they're interesting and/or self-consistent. 

For example: well-done first-person narrative of a sociopath: sign me up. Twilight: no bueno. 

Edit: one of the marks of a good author to my mind is making a character relatable even when he/she is not "likeable". So you understand why the character made the choices he/she made in that context *regardless of whether you would have made the same decision yourself in that context* (that to me is "relatability"). In that sense, a biography that explains Hitler's psyche/motivations will make him relatable, and that's enough - Hitler is not/doesn't have to be a likeable figure to be interesting. Caffeine! Makes life more interesting :) plus easier to stay up late...Aw, thanks so much for the kind words! I'm so sorry to hear about your spitz too :( 

There's just something about the first dog, I feel like, also - especially if you do so much research beforehand and become so invested in the decision :/

And yeah, check it out, it may be a nice trip down memory lane :) Hey, so I think I remember us discussing your typing a while ago (I thought I was an ENFP at the time, but realized fairly recently I'm actually INFP as well). A few thoughts spring to mind:

1) I certainly empathize - I've definitely had these thoughts as well, so solidarity for starters.

2) What you're describing, interestingly enough, may be mostly to do with inferior Te. It is the inferior Te which causes the feelings of incompetence. It is the inferior Te which serves as a nagging voice in your head that you won't live up to the principles you've set for yourself (in your case, being a voice of reason etc).  It is the inferior Te which reduces the equation to logic = good and emotion = bad if you are feeling stressed. 

INFPs have "2-dimensional Ti" meaning that you can use Ti according to your own experience and according to generally accepted norms. But the Te is "1-dimensional" meaning that INFPs use Te only based on experience. So in Socionics terms, your Ti is actually better than your Te, but the pull you feel towards wanting to actualize your respect for logic in the world is actually the pull toward Te, not Ti.

3) Would real-life examples help? I'm fairly certain George Orwell would have been described as a "voice of reason in a world of instinct, emotion, and fallacy", for example. And I seem to remember your wanting to be an actor or enjoying acting? Shakespeare supposedly was an INFP. I'm not presenting these figures as empty encouragement, but simply to telescope out to the way that famous INFPs have been viewed by others to loosen some of the connections that could become fixed in one's mind in an inferior Te state such as INFP != reasonable.

4) More useful to both you and those around you? This is questionable. The people who think you are intelligent or praise your analysis are doing so regardless of your type - it's not as though they are thinking "hey that was perceptive" and then find out you're INFP and are thinking "oh wait actually that made no sense". So there is no need for you to feel less competent and valuable unless your thinking you are an INFP actually changed your behavior, which it sounds like it didn't.

5) Sort of the price of high TI as I've been told by my SO (ENTP) can be a certain type of general apathy or passivity which he's often reminded me of when I've told him I wished I were an INTP or an ENTP. His point is that I am underestimating how disturbing it would be to me if I were overnight to weigh situations completely divorced from the human angle or any ethical considerations whatsoever. That would more often than not lead to inaction due to the immense number of variables and the lack of an objective or subjective scale in which to make a decision. Hence, fewer decisions.

6) If you look into [SLOAN] (http://similarminds.com/sloan.html), you are probably calm rather than limbic. The difference is fairly significant and may lead to your feeling alienated from INFP memes.This link may be of interest:

http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html#/topics/25205?_k=oeli5vHistory makes this seem like a troll poster1. When I took the test, I remember receiving True Neutral.

2. Probably Neutral Good from what others have told me.

3. Chaotic Neutral sounds fun. She sounds more like an ESFP to me - what do you think?

(A lot of the behavior you describe seems like unhealthy Se-Fi and inf Ni - no direction but suddenly panicking about the future would point to the latter, for example).You went too easy on INFPs, disappointedPutting off doing corporate taxes for two years then getting unreasonably stressed every day that they weren't finished (and was trying to do them without an accountant BC no money) such that it prevented me from doing most things apart from working on them obsessively and very inefficiently

I had visions of irs audits dancing through my head every dayJust wanted to add to the ESTP consensus that if you start looking for inferior Ni in Trump it's just as noticeable as his dom Se in a disconcerting way. All this perception about the direction of things or attempts to undercover meanings that are either drastically simplified or non-existentSee, the issue I have with this is too many assumptions:

1) Trump is not what he appears to be to most observers familiar with functions (ESTP)

2) Trump has Fi in his stack but doesn't use it because he's in a loop (thus conveniently waving away Trump's apparent lack of Fi)

3) Trump isn't a narcissist but rather has OCPD

4) Trump's ability for social maneuvering comes from something other than Fe 

So while I agree it's a possibility, Occam's Razor would make a narcissistic ESTP more likelyAgreed. As a throwaway example, 96-year-old ISTJ grandfather is figuring out how to use his smartphone atm. Same. I wasn't there when he got it, so if that question came up I didn't see it - latest i heard was "I just figured out how to call people back so I'm calling you back"Same.This is interesting! I agree with you on Community Channel and the TYT people I remember, not familiar with the others.

If you want to do more, what are your thoughts on Tom Scott, Don'tTrustTheRabbit, Casually Explained, Steve Mould, Mathologer, John Cadogan, Milene Larsson (Vice), Sexplanations, and Engineering Explained? You're welcome and no rush! 

Haha, imagining an impassioned INTP doing that impression is funny. 

My SO (ENTP) and I were leaning ENFP for her. I agree it's more likely she uses Fi than Ti. I could also see INFP (and now I'm wondering about possibly-INFP teachers I've known...)What didn't you relate to about ISFP?I wasn't necessarily (it just seems like Fi and Se are probably somewhere in your stack and I was asking to start to narrow it down)I agree with the other replies 100%. 

Definitely consider non-type-related explanations or solutions first if you are feeling stressed/experiencing anxiety that is interfering with your quality of life. Infp sub can have a bias towards validating any posters experiencing any sort of emotional or mental distress as an "infp thing" which can sometimes obscure solutions or discourage posters from seeking out resources that may help them (since they post asking for help and basically receive the response "yeah that's normal").

Good luck and take care :)All I could think of when I read this was ENTP Jeremy Clarkson "I'm allergic to manual labor"

You're probably onto something here ^ this(I'd say so - I was actually thinking this today in regards to some Trump supporters who are very anti-SJW. They seem to get "triggered" by SJWs' language or references - it appears both "sides" or approaches are constantly triggering each other and neither (in my analysis) really seems to want free speech/open discussion. Then again, my enshrining the latter could be my own form of unneeded moralism...)Because I felt slightly guilty for answering a question directed at /u/LaughterisPower

Which sounds very nonsensical now I've typed it out lol Haha, my SO is an ENTP and is often amazed/bemused/amused by the things I feel guilty about 

It's like "how could this story I just made up about something you didn't do actually make you feel guilty? How? "ESTJ?

It's not the most nuanced in its analysis but I like the two videos where he roasts all the types Small point - I'm not sure if gaining energy is the best way to distinguish E/I (I'm an INFP and sometimes gain energy from solitude, sometimes from people/environment). Oh, I will have to check out Teen Dream - I don't think I'm familiar with that one! I like all the Beach House songs you mentioned, apart from Master of None which I have never heard. 

I do like The Shins! And you're welcome :) CelebrityTypes says ESFP, I think

Edit: I know people don't like CT on here, but I've found their typings to be largely accurateShe seems like an ESFJ but maybe a slightly unhealthy one? Yeah I think level of emotionality has much more to do with Global 5 calm vs limbic than a specific function or type 

And any type can be calm or limbic, it's just what constitutes limbic-ness will look different for different types 

Most logical would be easier to determine since there isn't the complication of the emotional stability vs emotional questionI like this description: 

"Introverted ethics is an introverted, rational, and static information element. It is also called Fi, R, relational ethics, or white ethics. Fi is generally associated with the ability to gain an implicit sense of the subjective 'distance' between two people, and make judgments based off of said thing. Types with valued Fi strive to make and maintain close, personal relationships with their friends and family. They value sensitivity to others' feelings, and occasionally will make their innermost feelings and sentiments known in order to test the possibility of creating closeness with others.

Also, these types convey emotions in terms of how they were affected by something (such as "I did not like that"), rather than an extroverted ethics (Fe) approach that would describe the object itself without clear reference to the subject involved (such as "That sucked"). Much of their decisions are based on how they themselves, or others in relation to them personally, feel in contrast to considering how "the big picture" is affected (such as groups of people).

Fi as Leading Function

The individual sees reality primarily through static personal ethics and stable interpersonal bonds between individuals, including himself, where the status of such interpersonal bonds is determined by his personal ethics. The individual is very confident in evaluating the ethical or moral qualities, and their consistency, of other people. This makes the individual seem "judgemental" or "self-righteous" to people less so inclined. If he has difficulty in deciding the status of a personal relationship, he will take action to try to reach a conclusion but if that continues to elude him, he will regard the relationship as not worth it. His own sense of constancy in personal ethics and in his relationships with others is a very strong factor in his sense of self-worth. Fi in this position implies the ability to almost instantly recognize whether someone is a friend or an enemy, whether they are demonstrating good will or ill will, and whether they are drawn to or repelled by the individual."

People I know well who are vegetarian:

ISFJ (always loved animals and can't stand cruelty to them)

ENTP (environmental lawyer + environmental reasons)

ISTJ (grew up in a semi-cult which promoted vegetarianism + ethical concerns)

ENFP (ethical concerns relating to both treatment of animals and the environment)

These all seem fairly consistent with their typings to me.Why do you think you're definitely an ENTP? I agree with this, OP's claim about Fe and vegetarianism in the first paragraph doesn't really make sense with what I've witnessed What do you think of [emotivism] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emotivism)?Hm, the person I know who found most help in journaling was an INTJ who is extremely private. 

People gave me diaries for years but I never really used them. I found the concept a bit boring.

My ISTJ grandfather keeps a very sparse diary with all tasks completed and purchases made. "Fixed bathroom sink." &gt; What do you think makes the difference between INFPs who overestimate their knowledge and those who don't?

Not /u/elementary_vision, but this is a question I've been wondering about lately, so I'll take a stab at it. I think it may be related to development of Ne which can then serve as a constant "check" on Fi decisions? There was an interesting post I remember reading on mbti-notes about how Fi-doms can just bypass perceiving functions if stressed and go straight from Fi to Te, thus producing a more rigid set of judgments. This is certainly something I've observed in myself.

There was a thread on r/infp lately where posters were asked to describe their core values. I was at first surprised at how certain respondents were about their values and how clearly they could identify them, but then remembered I had felt that way before a variety of life events (being in a relationship with a Ne dom (ENTP) whose Ti aux, as well as general openness, has really broadened my mental horizons; doing shrooms; various significant life experiences that caused me to question ethical judgments I'd been fairly certain about, etc). Anyway, this was the majority of my answer in the thread:

"[My values] are very context-dependent so there's not much categorical I can say. Or I may just need to think about it more.
There's no value I have that is "always right" (maybe that is a value in and of itself, now I think about it, incidentally) because there are always exceptions. The older I get the more exceptions I realize there are. "It's almost always wrong to lie" becomes "There are more cases where it seems right to me to tell the truth than to lie, but give me a case and I'll tell you what I think is right in that situation, but that doesn't mean you should do it, because I'm not going to prescribe to someone what to do or not to do, except even that last statement has exceptions because there HAVE been times I thought it was right to prescribe to someone what to do or not to do..." 

Do you think it's possible the INFP you know is maybe not applying qualifications or contexts to certain values? Maybe there are multiple statements which she considers as "always right"? Or do you think the qualifications may exist in her head, but she is not expressing them (so "Everyone has their subjective truth" is a simplified version, and perhaps internally she is aware of the exceptions)?

(Edit: Something that might disprove this theory about Ne, though, is that I've also known ENFPs who don't believe in objective reality. I will think about this further).[Sociotype] (http://www.sociotype.com/)Not irrelevant/a tangent - thanks for your expansion. 

From your further description, it seems that her disbelief in objective reality is probably deeply connected to her valuing her own perspective above others. There's almost a hint of solipsism there or a risk of it? I can see how this could be disconcerting for you (especially if there have been times when you may have felt for her own good she needed to be open to outside input). Have there been some times she has taken your advice or changed her opinion regarding something she feels as right?

That being said, 

&gt; It may be less about her trusting her own knowledge and more about her choosing to rely on her own knowledge and perception over that of anyone else. So even if it turns out she's wrong, she would rather rely on her own self and her own judgement of what's going on than take in perspectives or judgements that contradict her own.

also seems valid as an interpretation.

Additionally, I'm becoming more convinced that [SLOAN/SLOAN+] (http://similarminds.com/sloan.html) may account for some differences in personality patterns between people of the same type and wonder if you would also find it interesting.

Also, I appreciate your thought-out comments about INFJ information processing in general - my mother-in-law and sister are both INFJs and like you (if I understand correctly from your past posts), I mainly use MBTI for better understanding of various ways of processing/prioritizing information in people I know well.Agreed on your last point (I'm not so sure about intertype relations, for example, but like their description of the "Ethical Intuitive Introvert" and find it fairly accurate)&gt; As a sidenote, I tend to really dislike the "for your/their own good" approach to people. I feel it as, I don't know, patronizing and just viscerally unpleasant as a way to interact, in either direction. /sidenote

I could see that. I've also seen that type of language deployed in a patronizing way at times, now I think about it, and your comment gives more food for thought as to the utility of this particular phrase or concept in general.

&gt; I did make the mistake, early on, of trying to interact with her as if we were a a collective "we." It was awful. She doesn't have a collective bone in her body.

That's interesting. As I think of it, I actually remember having conversations with my SO related to the concept of a collective "we" early on in our relationship. I had some uncertainty about whether to embrace that collectivism owing both to Fi-based concerns about "losing myself" and to concerns about navigating boundaries springing from an enmeshed upbringing with a BPD mom where my sense of self was one of the few areas where I could separate myself from her and have some type of sovereignty. (The sovereignty word does seem helpful to me in describing Fi). 

But I ultimately did embrace becoming/being a "we" and have been glad of it. I find it brings a sort of security/coziness - a safe base, if you will - which I find very grounding. It has also been important to me given my upbringing to see that interdependence != codependence.

However, I could imagine an alternate path where I pushed back against the collective "we" and probably then hindsight bias would have caused me to think that that was the correct choice instead. 

Is your friend/ex fairly confident/assertive? That's almost the image I'm getting. "The buck stops here." 

&gt;It will also not be because someone expresses a perspective or shares an experience that she has not previously considered. 

This is the part that sort of makes me think this must be related to Ne. Trying to take away my own bias toward using Ne heavily in relation to Fi, I could see how this sort of very strong Fi you are describing could be beneficial for assertiveness/confidence (hence why I mentioned those words earlier). But I could see how it would not be a good fit with the INFJ processing you describe. 

You're welcome re: SLOAN.The Brothers Karamazov, Pride and Prejudice, Ballet Shoes, A Song of Ice and Fire, somehow the last/5th one is hard to pick. Too many options. So instead I'll just say the most recent thing I read which I really enjoyed was Gratitude by Oliver Sacks.Thank you for sharing this moving storyAre you religious?I feel like it could also be because people who are against political correctness have become a "minority" in certain contexts so they could be the underdog an INFP is standing up for/sensitive to.

At least this would partially explain the phenomenon of INFPs supporting Trump I've seen on the INFP sub, which had also confused me at first for similar reasons to the ones you gave.That makes sense to me. 

Similarly, no "evil" INFPs on CelebrityTypes only because of weak Te, not because INFP function stack somehow predisposes one to be immune from developing dangerous beliefs (I'm not saying you think this, but I've seen implications to this effect elsewhere) + positive connotation of the term idealism in some places.FYI, I asked because your dislike of atheists and Islamists seemed like it could be consistent with certain types of strong Christian religious beliefs, &gt; INFPs with a strong Te would be a disaster.

Yup, I imagine it would look like this quotation from ENFP [Ulrike Meinhof] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ulrike_Meinhof): 

"Protest is when I say, 'I don't like this.' Resistance is when I put an end to what I don't like. Protest is when I say, 'I refuse to go along with this anymore.' Resistance is when I make sure everybody else stops going along too." 

&gt; This idealist (and therefore by definition unrealistic) side of theirs makes them important to pin point issues/suffering and shedding some light on them, but it also makes them extremely biased, unreasonable and dangerous when it comes to considering a good compromise solution to fix them practically.

Very true and probably why you find few INFPs in positions of political influence/power because it would be harder to develop a good track record of compromise practical solutions.

If I am trying to examine an issue in a less moralistic way I tend to avoid reading (or especially viewing) anecdotes of individual suffering about that issue because I find these almost always bias me and then I have to work to remove the bias. &gt; You seem really level-headed though, which surely has to do with being aware or your own personality's weak points.

Thank you, I hope to be. My SO is ENTP as I think I mentioned and my father is an INTP so I have admiration/exposure to Ti which I think is helpful. Thank you, that's really nice to hear. &gt; How and why did you come to the decision to embrace it - would you be willing to share more about that decision process?

Definitely willing. I think some of it had to do with the fact that this is my first serious relationship, but wasn't my SO's first and I came to the relationship with little evidence of what a constructive relationship or good communication would look like. My parents' was very unsuccessful to the point that all meals were spent in front of the TV to avoid arguments. My mother's relationship advice was tied to her own desire to be the main person in my life - I had an 11 pm curfew while dating as a 23-year-old, for example, and had to vigorously defend proposals to see my SO more than 3x/week for more than a few hours. 

This meant that I was relatively open to the idea that whatever models I had of "good relationships" were either rudimentary or idealistic (19th-century-novels) and that my SO's past experience would be useful in learning more about relationships. 

So when my SO, for example, emphasized the importance of affectionate language/tone over businesslike formality in terms of developing rapport/intimacy in the early days, at first I was hurt in a very Fi way. But I then listened to/trusted his experience of how having such language in his past relationship had been important in terms of making him feel cared for. Now we have our own "language" and this has been very beneficial to me as well in terms of providing a channel to express feelings (especially as a Fi dom where it can be hard to know how best to express internal affection externally). The more examples like that there were, the more I saw the value of the compromise/negotiation that help form a "we".

In addition, my SO was very helpful in terms of reassuring me that my growing desire to prioritize our relationship/us as things got more serious was nothing to be ashamed of. I had/have various single friends whose view was "I would never compromise anything for a career/would never change anything about my life for another person." (A bit similar to your ex, it sounds like? but with a more career focus, maybe). These friends were also sometimes watching me to see how my being in a relationship would affect time spent with them and my personality as a whole, in a way that made me somewhat uncomfortable. Having a counterbalance to this was important. 

&gt; She recently told me that all along (before and after our experiences) she has been someone who needs to make her own decisions and go her own way and that anything that would not allow that would be in the way of her freedom. (Unfortunately, she did not tell me this when we were getting involved - if she had, I would not have consented to us getting serious as a couple.)

That is a fundamental difference, I agree, and seems like it wouldn't be reconcilable. I'm happy you are in a relationship that is currently a better fit!

Got it re: SLOAN, too.
I love White Nights! 

In what order would you recommend reading the Foundation series? (I've only read Foundation, but really enjoyed it).Hey, so what made you relate more to INFP and what to INFJ?

Some of your points are not type-related or sort of inconclusive and some seem like they could point to INFJ or INFP (like the point about privacy/trust or the point about authenticity/honesty but not wanting to hurt people). 

Referring to poetry as an "integral part of yourself" seems very Fi, though.[This website] (https://www.16personalities.com/country-profiles/global/world) provides some statistics regarding possible prevalence of type preferences in different countries. I'm not sure of how data was gathered or the technicalities, but you may find it interesting!SameThanks :)You're welcome!

&gt; How did he respond when you were hurt in a very Fi way?

How he responded/responds (this example was a few years ago, but I can draw on more recent examples, as well) is generally using three approaches. First, he may reframe the set of options ("You're looking at it as a choice between X or Y - what about Z or A or B?") This activates Ne in a helpful way. Second, he may point out an ethical inconsistency, which I've noticed his Ti is adept at spotting (for example, "you say you're upholding X principle, but in Y case you actually violate X principle, so how do you explain that?") This kind of forces a Fi re-appraisal. Third, he may reframe something I perceived as characterological so I see that it's behavioral - for example, "I don't have a problem with you inherently/as a person, I have a problem with this behavior for this reason in this context." (I think the reason Fi users tend to be sensitive is comments about behavior are interpreted as character judgments, even though we may know rationally those comments are not actually about character. So then a sort of moral defense mode is activated which is usually useless in constructive discussion).

&gt; (As a point of contrast, I feel like my instinct in such a situation would be to back off of wherever I was coming from and give space for whatever you felt you wanted or needed. Similar to being placed in contrast with your friends - I feel like my instinct would be to give credence to their perspective as possibly a good one for you, rather than provide a solid counterbalance).

This is in accordance with what I've observed with the INFJs I know best. This is one of the most noticeable tangible indicators (to my mind) of INFJ perceiving dominance. 

How do you get along with ENFPs/do you know any well? (I ask because I've heard these sort of magical stories about ENFP-INFJ friendships/connections, maybe owing to both being intuitive perceiving dominants?) 

&gt;  It would have been far easier for me had she had an explicitly stated non-contradictory approach like your friends had, since I could have asked myself if it would work for me to be in a relationship with someone who felt that way.

I could see that.&gt; In regards to Fi vs. Fe, I started to think of how I respond to people in real life situations. It occurred to me that, more often than not, I would rather be honest because I value honesty a lot. Not being honest, for the sake of making someone else feel better, often feels like lying. I realized that I can still be kind while being honest. As in, usually if I don't agree with something I will just say it, but in a way that is gentle because I don't want to be brash. I might say, "I understand where you're coming from, but I don't agree." Or, "I don't like what you said, but I still love you." I like to think that I am gentle, but will always be true to myself.

The focus on being true to yourself does strike me as more Fi, for sure. 

I think Fe gets sort of a bad rap re: honesty though - INFJs in particular seem to value authenticity in others and seem to be honest but gentle in their opinions, especially those they know well. So your second paragraph (pointing toward Ne rather than Ni) seems to me like the stronger evidence for INFP here.I don't see anything to contradict INFJ here, necessarily.

I see:

-High Ni &gt; Ne (your "good future/bad future" description, interested in possibilities/new things but less of an area of focus)

-Fe &gt; Fi (gentle counterpoints if you disagree - Fi can be a bit harsher b/c of Te, inclination is to diffuse arguments but you desisted due to the result, social responses seem more calibrated to degree of knowing those you are with - for example, not expressing your opinion as openly with strangers) 

-Fe &gt; Ti (rather determine right/wrong about politics than understand the whole system)

-Te not particularly relevant (from your first answer) 

-inf Se (overloaded by stimuli, suddenly getting tired of your current environment) 

What do others think?Zero interest, confusion in college as to why it was a thing, now I guess I get it, but still no regrets for not being part of it. Female if it's relevant.FWIW, this seems a lot more INFJ than ISFJ to me (I'm thinking specifically of your answers to 2a, 2b, 8, and 17, which seem to me to show evidence of Ni. I don't see any Si here, really). INFJ?ISTJ?ESTJ?INTJ?Agreed about Elizabeth as ISTJ. Margaret strikes me as an ESFP.

Not sure about Philip - maybe ENTJ?

Edit: potential issues seem to arise for xSFPs in royal settings - look at ISFP Princess Diana as well as Margaret. Too much pressure to suppress one's own wishes and whims and be subsumed in something larger. Restrictions on personal freedom are perceived as chafing. 

Also, Elizabeth's father strikes me as another ISTJ.Seconded. Observations regarding Ni-doms in my life: yes, funnily enough today I was talking with the Ni-dom I know best, my mother-in-law, about a related subject!

She is also in her 40s. She described how as she gets older she appreciates much more of the beauties and joys of life, partially in a sensory way. We were on a hike and stopped several times to sit and look at the snow and trees. She drew meaning from the bud at the end of a leaf and the knowledge that winter is beautiful, but spring is coming. 

It seems when Se develops, a Ni-dom can see and articulate meaning in sensory experiences in a way that is uplifting to an outside observer.Arya Stark is a great one. What type do you think she is?

I always see ISTP but I've thought ISFP or ESFP in the past. ENTP?ENTJ?ISFJ?Dad: INTP 

Mom: ESFJ

I am happy to have had exposure to high Ti and high Fe given that they're not in my stack.

My half-brother and half-sister are an ENFP and an INFJ, respectively. I don't know their mom's type. 

Most of my mom's side are sensors and most of my dad's side are intuitives. inf Te so IxFPsOh, sorry, I didn't mean it couldn't happen to other types as well. 

Just that the most common link is going to be IxFP because under stress = some inferior function stuff is probably going on and the inferior function which would most commonly manifest as micromanaging is Te 

Higher Te is going to be less micromanaging and more actually decent management

I don't know if that is clarifying or not&gt; I am never late, nor am I early, I arrive precisely when I mean to.

Upvote for referencing GandalfHm, if I were you I'd explain a bit more, so to speak. Explain what you did and why, explain you weren't trying to vent about her but were trying to find out her type, say you saw her tweets and assume it has to do with this and want a chance to explain what happened. The more straightforward you are, the more likely it is she'll question her assumption that you were gossiping about her or what have you. 

Her response is very "drama queen" especially bringing people into on it on social media but I can see you want to mend this and I'm hoping directness will help. 
Upvoted!That's really tough to know. Maybe wait a few days like you said?Seems more INFJ than ENTP given your evidence for strong use of Fe. Damn, I relate to this a lot. Probably the FiESTJ: That person giving (useful says the inf Te user) advice from their experience that most people ignore

ISTJ: Dotting i's and crossing t's, my grandfather who volunteered to fight in Vietnam

ESFJ: Always on the popular side of cool

ISFJ: So much baking and wanting people to be safe

ENFP: Boundless energy, Golden Retriever crossed with Border Collie

INFP: Something something creative expression something

ENFJ: Always on the cool side of quirky

INFJ: Mysticism, symbols, owls 

ENTP: Doc from Back to the Future, slightly smirking, about to counter the point you just made

INTP: Absent-minded professor

ENTJ: Gavin Belson from Silicon Valley

INTJ: Plans, models, deliberate/careful

ESTP: Wisecracking, always on the funny side of cool

ISTP: High school superlative - "Talks least says most"

ESFP: Glitter and dancing

ISFP: Soft-voiced but steelyFWIW I found your AMA one of the most interesting/informative onesLeaning Si-Ne from the pattern thinker + learning style comments, as well as not liking to change habits, so ISFJ makes sense. I think you could be ENFP.

The way you reasoned all this out seems very consistent with Ne-Fi, at least to me. Almost textbook. 

That doesn't answer your main question, though, so lemme see. Se-Ni makes ISFPs more modest but also potentially more forceful if needed compared to INFPs. Fi-Ne appears as super indecisive, by contrast, also more cynical potentially - INFPs can consider morbid hypotheticals which I think would disturb ISFPs more. ISFPs are more concise verbally, INFPs ramble more (like you said, exceptions, but still). ISFPs more sensitive to tone of voice and expression, INFPs don't notice these things as much or if notice don't give as much valence. ISFPs more open to experiences, INFPs more conservative in that regard.

I mean these are all generalizations so take with heaping of salt - just some possible patterns I've noticed and/or heard about. "if you will just let me give you a piece of advice. In my experience..."

Meaning no disrespect, also, ESTJs who may be reading this, like I said I've learned from some of those talks lol FWIW, you come across as open-minded, though - you are trying to figure out your type from all perspectives being open to what you find, for example. Sometimes with Fi I think there's an association a Fi user has with a particular word and if you don't fit that association you think you're not that word, but actually the association is arbitrary, and if you just look at the dictionary definition, you fit. So you're thinking because your interests aren't as broad, then you're not open-minded, but you're defining interests not as broad as not being into K-pop, for example, which like you said more likely has to do with Fi (you find it hard to pretend to like something) than with lack of Ne. 

That does seem like inferior Si to me - "sweating the small stuff." 

And yeah, the contrast with your INFP friend shows the difference pretty clearly, like you said. 

Bubbliness could be a bit more of an Enneagram thing if you're a 5 like you said compared to 7 of many ENFPs. Tbh I don't know much about Enneagram, I have seen people say "you can't be an xNFP and a 5" but I'm not sure how true that is? (I have the same issue of relating to the 5 fear and to 5w4 somewhat, but also unsure about the coldness part...) The Enneagram sub seems like a good resource to look into it more.

Your reaction to math seems like it could be high Ne, low Si also. 

And all your interactions would make sense given ENFP, too, even the example with ISTJs which surprised you at first. 

Ti PoLR is less about not liking to analyze and more about seeing logic as another subjective way of viewing the world (there are better explanations if you search than the way I phrased it). I don't know if you relate to that at all?

Lol also your and your INFP friend's reactions to Romeo and Juliet are funny and typical. I remember liking the idea of star-crossed lovers but thinking their plan was too impulsive :)

Edit: also, don't go by type subs necessarily, some more representative of type than others, INFP and ENFP are less so IMO, some of the most representative are maybe ENTP, ISTJ, and ENFJLol, I also first heard cray cray from an ESFPI'm not really sure. INFP sub seems to draw people of any type (but more likely F type) who are socially anxious or sad or what have you. ENFP sub seems to draw lots of outgoing people who like the idea of being bubbly and "random". Both have become circlejerks, one an "excited!!!" circlejerk the other an "if I didn't feel so much life wouldn't suck" circlejerk. But both communities seem happy in and of themselves in terms of having found a community so I may just be being an assholeI don't think people are trying to insult just trying to help you find your type 

(I'm not sure what your type is fwiw, I have no stake here, just saying)That is a very representative quotation!(I kind of get your point, the strongest sense I got was high Ne and lower Si. (I could relate to much of what OP said fwiw, including the emotional parts relating to comforting people, expressing emotion, and hating people's pity). Ti-Fe still seems more likely from a few points in there but yeah)I think she's an ENFP (but the actress may be an INFP).Yeah, as an example my grandfather (ISTJ) once said, "there are two types of people in the world, doers and thinkers, and we could do without the thinkers [this is assuming you have to pick one to do without]"

My point is even in quoting this I worry I'm showing intuitive bias but his preference was clearly for the concrete, as you stated, as being more demonstrably useful from his perspective.

Similarly my close ISFJ friend is open about being less interested in theoretical subjects and quite quickly recognized herself in the ISFJ description. At least in people I've seen take tests in person most people were quick to figure out if they were sensors or intuitives and had more trouble figuring out other aspects of type. Gryffindor, Horned Serpent What's that like? So for starters, what made you think not ENFJ (since she got that on the test?)/why do you think she doesn't use Ni/Se?INTPs: "Well, not quite/not exactly..."

INFJs: "The way I see it..."So I get why you're saying Si-Ne axis and the solutions-oriented thing almost sounds Te, then the losing yourself advice does sound Fi (but I've also heard Fe users give that advice - and if she uses Fe she may be unconsciously giving you advice with a "Fi" flavor due to her social observations of you and what sort of advice you listen to). ESTJ then seems possible, but an ESTJ getting ENFJ on a test seems odd - all the ESTJs I've known very quickly figured out they were ESTJ, it's hard for me to imagine one of them typing as Fe-dom and N and some of the things your mom believes in don't gel with the groundedness of Te-Si, like astrology for example. And "I'm going to get stressed when your mood gets to me" is also not very ESTJ, seems a bit more Fe as she's upset because your mood is affecting the atmosphere.

So my tentative thought is an ESFJ (and ESFJ for ENFJ mistype is fairly common), what do you think of that?

More of what you said is Si-related than Fe-related now I look again (but your mom doesn't seem ISFJ - she seems like a judging not a perceiving dominant), but it also makes sense you would notice those kinds of things about your mom since it's your inferior and she's poking at it without meaning to. 

If your mom is interested maybe you could ask her the peppermint-kiss questions from the sidebar?Have you considered ENTJ? You seem to show strong use of Te and Se. Haha, after I posted I was thinking of ENTJ and INFJ as exceptions to the doer/thinker as S/N point

But yeah, I agree with the rest of what you said, and the distinction between anti-intellectualism and seeing the value of practicality is important to note, as well. 

ESFJs mistyping as ENFJs is the most common sensor as intuitive mistype I've seen and even that was only a couple timesSo in retrospect, having read the other comments from posters, ESTJ makes more sense because I don't see the Ni.  (I don't see Ne either but you're relatively young). I think your enneagram 3 is what I was mistaking for Se - you have a hard competitive edge and the ESTJs I know are slightly less assertive in presentation, but they are also much older people (50s/60s/70s) and I don't think any of them are 3s. 

What do you least relate to about the ESTJ description?In regards to being assertive: for example, saying you love being intimidating in an argument and seeking revenge, the ESTJs I know though they are confident like you don't really have this tendency (enneagram-wise one is probably a 1w9, I think, for contrast). (Who knows when they were younger, though). They are all very...moderate/balanced if it makes sense: don't sleep too much or too little, do work but make time for family and relaxation, treat others as you want to be treated, follow rules if they make sense, do what makes sense and is right, is the vibe they give off.

The offensiveness thing is probably due to differences in male/female socialization, females who are Fi users have to understand a bit more Fe to fit in given predominance of women with Fe and social expectations. So this may make it easier for you to know if you said something offensive.

Leadership may come in time as you specialize in a career or whatnot where you feel qualified to lead. What types have you considered? 

I think you're on the Ti-Fe axis and am leaning INTP, but I will think about this more. You're welcome! 
You're welcome! So how would you define honor, exactly? 

(I am also considering ENTP and considered INFJ, too, but your liking of argument seems to point away from higher Fe). Now that seems very ENTJ, I see what they were getting at. At the same time, the thing you "seem to miss" sounds like Se, which would point away from ENTJThat sounds like not just a Te-Fi thing, but a Te-Fi thing combined with a Ni-Se thing. 

I think INTJ is also possible and that could fit your weaker Se.I don't think you're an ENTP given strong preference for listening over talking. 

I read the other poster's comment and could see the case for INFP. I'd also look into INTJ. But mostly if I were you I'd read up on Ni and Ne to see if you can narrow down your perceiving axis. 

I'm sure the depression could throw off accurate typing, too, as you said. I like /u/ShyDude1986's comment about this in another post:

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5vp7tu/slug/de3z8et

Relates very well to /u/owlsymbolism's point, too. I second thisSo I see your general point regarding potential for clash when judging axes are different (especially between introverted Ji doms with different judging axes, which I think was your specific point).

But I think the need for the same judging axes gets overstated in general. I realize this is anecdotal and your argument acknowledged variability, but just throwing out a point of contrast - I'm an INFP who's in a solid almost 4-year relationship with an ENTP. I like having my Fi ego defenses challenged even though there's more room for miscommunication at times. I could see how being with someone with strong Te and Si could provide balance and/or help me strengthen those functions as per the duals argument, but I also could see it being too...comfortable and familiar and my Ne wants something different, even slightly alien, which Ti is to me, I guess. (It may be relevant that I grew up with a Ti dom and a Fe dom, though, which may have increased my comfort with interacting with people using those functions, even though my use of them is still poor). So I think it also depends what someone is looking for and what his/her priorities are. Also, this is a good comment comparing the two types (INFP and INTJ):

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5wcc4e/slug/de9au3tDad's side:

Dad: INTP

Stepmom: ESTJ

Half-brother (from Dad): ENFP

His wife: ISTJ

Their kids: one ESFJ, not sure of the other one as both are young

Half-sister (from Dad): INFJ

Her husband: INTP

Their kids: INFP 17m and ISFP 20f

Mom's side: 

Mom: ESFJ

Grandfather: ISTJ

Aunt: ISFP

Uncle: ESFP

In-laws:

SO: ENTP 

Mother-in-law: INFJ

Father-in-law: ESTJ

Brother-in-law: ESFJ

SO's grandmother: ISFJ



So this is really different from the other responders but ESFP?

Idk maybe it's too anecdotal but the ISFJs I know are very cautious what they say especially online partially due to politeness and partially privacy concerns. They would not state a controversial opinion so openly, only in private. And the INFJs are even more private with their invisible Facebook accounts where they write dark one-liners to their friends but only post one picture.Yeah and even the case for Fe wasn't really there (to me). ESTJ has role Fe so you want it to seem like you give a shit about Fe but actually you don't and maybe that's what people were picking up (the role Fe)Almost thinking ISTP - what do you think? 
Agree with INTP. 

"Nostalgic about his own memories but doesn't have an appreciation for the past in general" is very tert SiThe most I can tell from this is "F" - could you provide more info as to what you see as motivations behind her behaviors you described (if you know the motivations)?

Also tell me more about this impulsivity?INFJ especially from part F. Ni-Fe is very adept at discerning motivations and intentions in others. 


Also dislike of confrontation is less INTJ, to me. The way you said you dislike it, but then are straightforward if necessary, reminded me of what INFJs have told me. And if it's really necessary, you want to make sure you're as balanced as possible so as to get your point across. Is that an accurate interpretation of what you said? https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/2oek2u/exploring_and_discussing_the_infj_cognitive/ has links to good descriptions of INFJ processing/functions. I believe one link relates to INTJs as well. 

Fi vs Fe in INxJs...Hmm. Fi in INTJs is sort of like the fire under their Te, so to speak. The inner motivation or principles which drive their goals. So Elon Musk (INTJ) almost cried in one clip when describing how his hero Neil Armstrong was critical of SpaceX. You could see under his projects the initial "spark" of looking up to astronauts and how that motivated him to pursue his own dream of starting a space company such that such criticism affected him personally. Ni-Fe in INFJs is a sensitivity to what lies behind what someone is saying and attempts to discern that meaning. It looks for patterns in human behavior. Inwardly Ti is more detached than Fi and allows the INFJ to sift through information to determine a truth about a person. Fi users are more apt to take criticism personally if the criticism relates to a core value. I've seen INFJs be sensitive but it appears less to be taking it personally and more that it bothers them "why would someone say that? It hurts me when this person does X but why do they do X? Do they know it hurts? Or perhaps they are doing it because of Y..." that's the Ti, whereas once Fi is hurt it becomes less concerned why did someone say that, it just knows the criticism hurt. Fi closely guards its dreams and values. 


INTJs are socially more blunt. I've seen an INTJ jump in right after someone was talking about their OCD to laughingly describe a game they played related to OCD. Hard to imagine an INFJ doing this.Yeah like your pencil example is very Te the more I think about it lol, if an ISFJ were pissed off about that I think it would be more like "I don't know, it bothers me if someone just asks for a pencil and then I have to wait 30 minutes for them to give it back. I mean, I'm happy to give them a pencil if they need it, but it's also a little disrespectful to make someone wait, you know?" in a muted version or if talking to a close friend "it pissed me off today, I gave this person my pencil and then had to wait 30 minutes for them to finish the damn exam! Why do people do things like that?" (I just made up the 30 minutes part)

But Te-Si makes the decisive judgment about the person's fitness within society based on their lack of preparedness to an exam AND gives advice to others to avoid their mistake :)You're welcome! Good luck :) &gt; denying her of security. Having a job and reciprocating in that department is just as important.

Especially for ESFJs - Si is second after all&gt; but I think the "this is what I know to be true, and this is why it is - provide me a new landing point and facts to support it if you want my consideration" pretty much blows through Si-Te-Ne in that order.

Yup - your analysis of OP makes sense to me. 

I had a disagreement with an ISTJ a few weeks ago and his argument basically boiled down to "If you have X, then you are going to do Y. If you don't do Y, then you must not have X. You must have Z instead and Z is BAD. I'm not a Z, so why do you want to be a Z??" and I kept trying to tell him it wasn't so locked down:
a) having X didn't imply doing Y 
b) not doing Y didn't imply not having X
c) not doing Y didn't imply having Z 
d) I'm not a "bad Z" (there's my Fi kicking in) 
and he basically said "There's no way anything you say could convince me" so that stopped the conversation. 

I feel like the disingenuous thing is that OP is acting open to the info when maybe saying "I can't be convinced I'm an xSTJ" would be more honest? 

Also, ISTJs IME are dope: loyal and productive af, I wish OP could see the benefits^ this 

Logic != Intelligence

There are efforts going into developing an "RQ" or rationality quotient because it's been noticed that there isn't as much of a correlation between IQ and logical skills as would be expected. 

I see why someone would say INFPs are less rational/logical, it's not ironic.

If someone were to say INFPs were dumber though, that would bother me. (I don't see people saying that though). 
Like if RQ were standardized, I'd expect Ti users to do better on it than Fi users, same with strong Te users compared to Fe users. But I wouldn't expect differences in IQ across types. 

(Edit: then again, my theory about RQ could be wrong since I would have expected Fe users to have the highest EQ and it's ENTJs. Nonetheless original point still stands).Paging /u/CamillaisnotmynameTi PoLR vs Fi PoLRLol tbf it confuses me too on some level

Like "why do I feel guilty about this thing, it makes no sense, guilt serves no purpose, in the grand scheme of things this decision literally doesn't matter, but yeah I still feel guilty"

It feels kind of instinctual somehow or partially unconsciousLol what are Mormon ESTJs likeYeah it's still hard for me to wrap my mind around that level of presence and engagement with one's environment, like noticing without effort, it is really impressiveDo you find alcohol helps (if you drink)?

I ask because my dad as an INTP seems more comfortable expressing affection when drunk. Like he will look around at everyone and say "I love you all very much, you're all great people" and it seems smoother for him. 

(I think in general he uses alcohol to make Fe things easier)

Edit: or, if you don't drink, could you imagine alcohol making this easier and would you look forward to using it in that way?Thank you, this is really interesting Definitely don't want you to feel antagonized. I think people are just trying to help. FWIW this effort you made (re: debating whether or not you are an ISTJ) showed a lot of productivity (to me) (even if not what would be traditionally associated as "productive"). Like you really took the time to respond to everyone in detail (I'm not being sarcastic here), which indicates dedication. 

I see you're deleted now but in case you reactivate, good luck (and hooray for Sherlock Holmes!)Was it the same study that showed ESTJs having the second-highest EQ? And INFJs and INFPs were lowest?

Are you good at determining emotions from faces and such? 

Also [this was the article about RQ vs IQ] (https://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/18/opinion/sunday/the-difference-between-rationality-and-intelligence.html?_r=0) in case you're interested. What is it?This is really interesting. On reflection, I could see it. 

ENTPs

I like the Ne + rationality + smirks

Also the fact that they're confident but not overconfident [This] (https://www.reddit.com/r/TheRedPill/) [Here's more about the study] (http://www.personalitypathways.com/article/emotional-intelligence2.html) 

I was wrong, ISFJs and INFPs were lowest

Highest were ENTJ, ESTJ, ENFJ, ESFP, ENFP 

I'm not sure what type of tests they did, though. I was trying to find the study itself, but just found it quoted.

Being very good at reading people's expressions does sound like it would correlate with good EQ. I imagine function-wise it could be related to Se. But I could also see how the Se would distract you from the point you're making/your Te. (in contrast, I am poor at reading faces, such that the low EQ result for INFPs doesn't really surprise me. I rely very heavily on words and context and also the history or what I know of the person. The face alone is somewhat mysterious to me. And I also have the issue you describe where it's much easier for me to interpret an interaction between others than someone's emotion toward me. That part probably relates to Fe vs Fi). [A Se-dom (ESTP) describing how he memorized the names of the four Teletubbies] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJUOYGKayaY) 

/u/Kbnation, does this guy's memorization process seem specifically Se-Ti to you or am I off base here? 

*prepares noose* 

goodbye cruel world...

(I'm 100% joking by the way)/u/TK4442, am I recalling correctly that you are also an INFJ 6w5? Wanted to tag you as I figured you may have some insights for OP.sup 

(sidenote: not sure exactly where I fall on the kinsey scale, think it was mostly hetero last time I checked. what about you?) Yeah, I also think it's dumb, just didn't say so you could form your own conclusion.So you've said you like STJ girls and INTP guys, but what about STJ guys and INTP girls? INTPs do well, my dad has never actively pursued anyone as far as I know - his dating strategy seems to have been, get found by ESxJs+1 for ENTP/INFP pairs I feel like Se is involved here[Relevant] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-d-b68p_sQ) 

(Go to 0:46)&gt; seems more like you're seeking non-INFJ-6w5 perspectives here...

Thanks for this - I should have expanded my comment. 

I was concerned OP wouldn't receive many answers. The probability of respondents knowing an INFJ 6w5 seemed low given:

-statistical rarity of INFJs

-lower likelihood of posters on the MBTI sub knowing others' Enneagram types (it being r/mbti rather than r/Enneagram)

-following off that, lower likelihood of r/mbti posters knowing not just someone's Enneagram, but also their wing

-6 being a slightly less common Enneagram type for INFJs (?), probability is then even further decreased

So I thought hearing from another INFJ 6w5 would at least be superior to silence, even if not directly answering OP's question.

OP, maybe cross-post this to r/Enneagram as well?So I think looking at ENTP vs ENFP scientists is helpful here. Fortunately there are good examples of both.

So Richard Feynman (ENTP) vs Brian Cox (ENFP). 

Both are deeply interested in the universe and the chance of learning more about it - there's the shared Ne.  

But Feynman as an ENTP was always striving to have more detachment from whatever phenomena he was observing, the goal was to keep breaking something down further and further into more fundamental blocks and be as removed from the process as possible. Whereas for Cox his love of theoretical physics is deeply *personal* - that search is part of who he is and he wants to be united with his research or subsumed in it. But you can't be subsumed in or attached to something and detached from it at the same time. That's the Fi vs Ti distinction /u/ssnaky laid out well earlier.

Relevant statements:

Feynman: "In the search for new laws, you always have the ... excitement of feeling that possibly nobody has yet thought of the crazy possibility you are looking at right now." 

vs Cox: 

"What [I'm] attached to are journeys into the unknown and discovering things that are completely unexpected and baffling and surprising."

See how Cox is speaking in first person and Feynman in second person. Feynman is describing an experience anyone could have (he is unconsciously detaching), Cox is describing his personal experience.

I think you will find ultimately you relate more to Cox due to your statement:

&gt;  building logical/abstract frames for phenomena resonates with me

Resonates with me, there's the Fi. Ultimately the reason you (and I) can see we prefer Fi to Ti is that the idea of detaching from those closely held things is painful. The closest things could be anything from your loved ones to the search for truth in the universe, but if it resonates with you, you want to become part of it, or for it to become part of you. And xNTPs aren't concerned about that since their selves are not part of the calculus.The authors speculated extroversion is correlated to higher EQ, in general, which makes sense. 

&gt; I "place" thoughts on items in my surroundings, so when I inevitably get distracted by the person's face or the conversation wonders a bit, I can look at that item and get my thought back.

Haha, such Te and Se that your thoughts conquer the surroundings (at least mentally). 

I don't have very good eye contact either when I'm speaking. When I'm listening though I could enter a sort of flow state sometimes and will be more likely to make eye contact. For fun now the show's ended with no book in sight (realize it's been done before):

Arya Stark: ESFP (acting in her environment based on what's in line with her ethics. Can't be silent if she sees what she perceives as injustice)

Sansa Stark: ESFJ (very attuned to what you can and should say, enforces social norms)

Bran Stark: probably an ISFP turned INFP by his accident (loving climbing -&amp;amp;amp;gt; inner world of possibilities)

Jon Snow: ISFP (Jon and Arya understand each other well, Arya is less introspective + more impulsive than Jon. Pretty sure Harry Potter is also an ISFP, maybe this is a thing).
Edit: ISTJ, see multiple discussion below

Catelyn Stark: ISFJ (tertiary Ti is well-developed, at least in books. Makes models of future situations and fights for a future that will safeguard kept traditions)

Ned Stark: ISFP (like Jon! Unpopular - I always see ISTJ for him, but Ned's life is driven by his principles and he obsesses over perceived violations of them)

Jaime Lannister: ESTP (explained well by others elsewhere)

Cersei Lannister: ENTJ (I've seen her typed as ESFJ but her Fe is poor even though she thinks it's top-notch. It's all about her objectives and the path to her goal. Ni is broken in her because craze, but you can still see it)
EDIT: ESFJ after all, see below

Tywin Lannister: ENTJ, not INTJ. (Pragmatism comes first and the plan fits within it)

Tyrion Lannister: ENTP (not ENFP as I've seen. Only idealistic in very specific circumstances and against his better judgement)

Stannis Baratheon: ISTJ (upholding tradition, annoyed by his tertiary Fi)
Edit: INTJ, see discussion below

Davos Seaworth: ESTJ (more pragmatic and less idealistic than Ned or Jon)
EDIT: ISTJ, see below

Melisandre: INFJ (uses Fe to convince others but very private)

Littlefinger: ENTP gone anarchic

Varys: ? Too enigmatic to really tell. 

Olenna Tyrell: ESTJ (level-headed, gets to the point)

Margaery Tyrell: ENFJ (Fe all the time. Cersei who can't Fe well mistrusts her)

Brianne of Tarth: ESFP (very attuned to her environment, compelled to follow her values, Te gives purpose to quest. I've seen ISTP but where's the Ti?)

Sam Tarly: ENFP going in and out of depression (very invigorated by possibilities when he's up and wants to learn all the things, in downcast mode he turns inward with inferior Si. Not INFP because he doesn't seem to enjoy introspecting or being by himself)

Daenerys Targaryen: INFP (decisions must be in line with her ethics. Tertiary Si = sometimes gets caught up in the past and ruminates)
Edit: INFJ in show, possibly in books

Asha Greyjoy: ESTP (Se dom is clear and she's strategic)

Will add more as I think on it. Theon is harder to type because of PTSD, etc, Joffrey and Ramsay because psychopaths.I came across [this questionnaire] (https://richmond.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_dgSm3zr3XgSGRZX) and was curious how others scored and if there were any type correlations. 

There are four categories (not mentioned in the results, but [described further elsewhere] (https://donforsyth.wordpress.com/ethics/the-epq/)). (I think one can extrapolate from numbers to category with some confidence - for example, my Idealism score was around 2.7, my relativism score was around 3.3, so I would take that to be high idealism/high relativism. If someone has a more precise way of determining the result, please let me know).

High Idealism, Low Relativism correlates to Absolutism: 

"Principled idealists who believe people should act in ways that are consistent with moral rules, for doing so will in most cases yield the best outcomes for all concerned."

Low Idealism, Low Relativism correlates to Exceptionism: 

"Principled pragmatists who endorse moral rules as guides for action, but admit that following rules will not necessarily generate the best consequences for all concerned."

High Idealism, High Relativism correlates to Situationism:

"Idealistic contextualists who favor securing the best possible consequences for all concerned even if doing so will violate traditional rules that define what is right and what is wrong."

High Relativism, Low Idealism correlates to Subjectivism:

"Pragmatic realists who base their ethical choices on personal considerations, such as individualized values, moral emotions, or an idiosyncratic moral philosophy."

To get the ball rolling, I got Situationist.

EDIT: As /u/DoctorMolotov pointed out, the scores should actually be compared to the median, which was 3.67 for idealism and was 3.03 for relativism. So in fact I got Subjectivist.I'm interested in Global 5 (sort of cross-cultural version of Big 5) correlations to MBTI type (some typical type correlations are sketched out more [here] (http://similarminds.com/global5/g5-jung.html)). You can also take the test from there. I'd be curious to see others' results.

My test results were RCUAI, primary type reserved (16% extroversion, 34% orderliness, 66% emotional stability, 68% accommodation, 76% inquisitiveness). I found this quite accurate - I relate a lot to the RCUAI traits given and many of the careers mentioned are ones I have considered or find interesting, as well. 
So I've been considering an idea about the PoLR and wanted to get feedback. 

It seems to me that types have societal criticisms centered around their PoLR that are (in broad terms) useful at showcasing the limitations or dark side of that function, even though their understanding of the PoLR function is usually also unsubtle. But that lack of subtlety can also enable it to pinpoint a weakness of the function quite directly. So sort of something like (this is very rough and ready, plz correct/add/revise):

ExTPs (Fi PoLR): "What's the point of people getting offended or feeling guilty? All moral rules are arbitrary"

INxPs (Se PoLR): "What's the point of material things or status? We'll all be dead anyway"

ESxJs (Ni PoLR): "What's the point of seeing meaning in everything? Some things just are what they are"

ISxPs (Ne PoLR): "What's the point of hypotheticals? Go live your life instead"

IxTJs (Fe PoLR): "What's the point of social niceties? Be wary of group manipulation"

IxFJs (Te PoLR): "What's the point of doing things by the book? It's better to do it properly"

ExFPs (Ti PoLR): "What's the point of breaking something apart? Understanding is an arbitrary concept in and of itself"

ENxJs (Si PoLR): "What's the point of ruminating on how things were? What's done is done"

Thoughts/corrections?
Wouldn't trade ENFP for the worldOn the contrary, as a guy with another female type I found the "type descriptions" and my community's "air" to fit quite well. I am indeed sensitive, gentle and (in my eyes, at least) a nice person.

Our differing anecdotes go to show that typing shouldn't be done soley through descriptors and communities.Amen to that. I'm still in school but I'm coming off of a co-op term right now (and I'm dreading having to go back).What about the guys though? This post seems most applicable to the gals, but does the same hold true for those of the opposite sex??! That's the first I've heard of CE being called 'boring'. At the very least, I'd think it's the most interesting out of the computer/software engineering and computer science trinity.

What about CE specifically do you find boring?
-(First year CE student)
Rogue, and all subtypes of that class. Bard, Assassin, Nightblade, Ranger, etc.

For what reason, i would have to say out of all of the different RPG type classes. it's the most likely one for an average person to be. Not everyone can be a warrior, and we sure as hell can't be a mage. but we can all stand back, look at our surroundings, decide on the best course of action, then execute a plan.

Plus, rogues are the type of class where it's one shot one kill. you get in, you get out. simple. it's not basic fighting, but you can either sneak in, or talk your way out of situations.

They're also one of the most utility heavy classes. as stealth, stealing, crafting, etc. is  usually given to the rogue.

Plus, from even just a character standpoint. rouges end up being some of the most interesting characters. are they a poor orphan who has a good heart? are they soulless and don't care about others? is all they care about money? are they rich, poor, etc? there are so many ways to go. 
How can I check out what my family's personality types are?Is it possible that you can change your mbti personality throughout your life? I mean, people change and they almost never stay the same they used to be.

And how about a lifechanging event that may change your personality rapidly (like  a family member dies or moving to a new city)?
Why do I almost always feel so transparent/naked in front of INFJs?I can never understand why people think Extravertsion &gt; Introversion, it makes me a bit sick. Perhaps it's mundane and not particularly meaningful or useful? I don't think it has to do with N or not, I think it has to do with how readily are you to use conversations as part of the tools to get to know each other. I feel like people often see small talk as conversations without actual meaning, because they're so uncomfortable in silence, and not really enjoying the awkwardness. I don't really think everyone thinks that, however I do have a few people express that concern. Small talks are awkward, and often times uncomfortable because it requires you to speak about yourself in a way you as if both cared. 

I personally find small talk as a way to extrapolate things or weave into potential chances to find out things that I otherwise wouldn't find out, because if there aren't any data to begin with, I may as well play with some by randomly throwing shit at them and see what sticks. When I ask how are you, I really mean it. I wanna know it. When I express interests about that last thing you did last time, I am finding connections to us so that we can both perhaps learn something from each other, whether it's about what happened or what lessons we've learned to share. Nah, I would actually like a world where this could work. I've thought about that idea too! I think the reason why I shot it down in my head is because introversion/extraversion is such a huge thing now, but people still have minimal understanding of it (lumping generalisation that has nothing to do with them, or randomly associate anything with what they like or don't like), because of how many layers of knowledge and research you have to do in order to even just understand the bare basics. So including all that, I just didn't think the downsides are worth the upsides. (Even though it wouldn't be too bad if we DO get to that point.)As an ENFP, that doesn't apply to me, I'm usually more likely to burn out if anything. Though I don't think what you've said is necessary untrue. From what I've seen, I think you're just really pissed that he called you whining and you couldn't see past that. Correct me if I'm wrong on that. However, I don't think the things he's said is wrong, even though it could be said with more tact, tbh. I've kinda sorta done this kind of thing. For me, the situation was just that I've been overloaded by sensory (or more, but most likely sensory). Feelings, drama, stress... I just need to stop and think and be alone for a while, and enjoy my world with just me in it, without all the judgement/interference, so I can think clear. So I can just indulge myself a little bit. To stop worrying if others will find my silliness endearing or not. Your friend probably just needs a down time, and from my experience, it's not something you did wrong, and I'm just so glad for your friend because they have a friend like you. Finally someone who agrees with me that Hermione is INFJ. &gt;_&gt; Literally had days of debate on the server I'm on about her type and no one can agree, haha. (It was fun tho, regardless)Oh. ^My. ^^God.Sarcasm is hard to read online lolCall him, ask them to hang out for coffee or dinner or something? I've always thought that's the case, I just felt like that's a matter of experiences and experiences helps growth. That's just a general way of seeing it I guess. You're pretty much spot on on how I think about it. To counter this... I've been confident about my type ever since my first test. I think the difference is more about how a person know themselves. I've been typed as ENFP ever since I'm 17 and no matter how many times I try to go against it (recently I tried again), I still am one. In JCF, we know that thinkers can feel and feelers can think, it's just to what degree of control we have. The less dominant function stack it is, the less we take control. So for a Te-dom, your inferior will be Fi. It means when you ARE outwardly emotional, you are going to be more intense or careless about it. (Like trying to write with your non-dominant hand.)

Not to mention, INTJ's perspective is relative to you. Do you see him outside dates/lovey dovey situation? Circumstances and perspective matters. If all you do is lovey dovey to him, of course he's going to think you're a feely person.

It's also possible that you're misstyped. I personally know an ENFP friend who have been through a Ne-Te loop for a long time and didn't realise that she's actually not ESTJ. But that's a smaller possibility.Glad to help! You did say necessity and choice... So it does mean you have a preference, isn't it?your preference is key, i like other food too, but not as much as i automatically reach for rice.ENFJ = Assassination Classroom

INFJ = Darker Than Black

ENFP = Sailor Moon

INFP = Revolutionary Girl Utena

ENTP = Bakemonogatari

INTP = Serial Experiments Lain

ENTJ = Code Geass

INTJ = Death Note

ESFJ = Having a hard time on this one, Fushigi Yuki, perhaps? Unvolunteerily jump into a world but have to rise against the mass? 

ISFJ = Mirai Nikki

ESFP = Gokinjo Monogatari

ISFP = Nana

ESTP = One Outs

ISTP = Kara no Kyoukai series 

ESTJ = Fate Stay Night (fate)

ISTJ = Gosick

I did somewhat go by stereotypes, but please feel free to debate!
 I haven't seen it yet though, sorry XD

Do you have any other thoughts on the list?Coolio!yassssss :DWouldn't it strongly depend on that person's individual awareness and environment? If a person realises what it is, and sees the benefit of it, wouldn't they impose on themselves to start? And those that hadn't had a chance to realise what it means to develope Fe, wouldn't? That highly depends on what kind of experiences you come across, isn't it?how does that convey the trilogy as ENTP though? They're Marvel blockbusters, not exposition through debates or quirky other weird Ne-dom stuff.It's actually the other way, functions come from Jung, then MBTI/kiersey etc gave them a name.

If you were specifically asking 'How is INTP's function Ti Ne Si Fe' I would say, Letter 1 is the first function's attitude (E or I), then, Letter 2 is always their first Perceiving Function (N or S). Letter 3 and 4 is their first Judging function (Fi=FP Fe=FJ etc). 

As Te is the objective, Fi is the subjective. Fi comes from the self. The main thing about Fi is the person with Fi decides what values it holds, through the data that the Fi-user receives, even if it aligns with what Fe believes. 

Both might behave the same, or appear similar, but they come from strictly different places. 

(You pretty much nailed Fe)My opinion, that lady is BS. Of course it's not. But let's think of this from another another perspective: What are the strong points of ExTJ personalities? They're known for being driven, most of the time objectively logical, values hard work and facts, good at organising, have natural leadership qualities, social, and extraverted. But what are their down sides? Lack of emotional understanding, difficulty in communicating clearly, aggressive (both good and bad ways). Every type has their strength and weaknesses, in general. Just like everyone.

Yet another perspective: It could just be 'for your sake' kind of thing. She thinks to be successful in the modern society, emulating positive traits of those types gives you large benefits, which is quite true. But whether to take that is also up to you. 

Don't get me wrong, I'm largely generalising and assuming, and I never said exceptions or developed types don't exist, but based on the MBTI Practicioner, it seems like the ONLY values the society holds should be the ONLY values you hold. And do you think this way? If yes, by all means. If no, then you have your answer.Uh, isn't INTJ's stack Ni Te Fi Se? They don't have Ti. Because people might read it as you trying to tell other people that this is an objective truth, and that you tried to impose on other people, rather than just simply stating what you believed in. People might have a different opinion on what is a human thing to do etc. Cockroach legs!!Dude I hate jungle I feel so lost all the time and can't predict the other dude. 

ADC doe that's so funI am an social introvert.I just thought Biscuit sounds like your token ENFJI interpreted the commentor saying Fi = expressive, which would mean they want to tell people what they feel (in an 'I can't stand my feelings anymore and I want everyone to know about it' manner), therefore that would mean they are more extraverted. I can see that being a criteria of what fits the 'introverted extravert' thing. However, I disagree. I think the degree of Ne-withdrawn-ness exhibit in ENFPs and ENTPs are the same, just in different angles. I guess I didn't explain quite eloquently. I think Fi will explode when the emotions are all inside too long, I think the need of validity and acceptance comes along with Fi-Te, and it's just it's more apparent with higher Fi users. But yea, you explained it better than me. 

Ti and Ne.

A defence for Ni is that it's less of a socially unacceptable, it's more of a 'my mind can't comprehend' kind of unacceptable. In healthy dosage with the help of Se it's actually very appreciated in the corporate world. Just a theory.Fi-Te types yeah, a bit more so than Fe-Ti types, less about the perceiving axis. Constant projection -- You're doing this because you must be like me in this situation. Oh oh I wanna do it too:

ENTJ - One of my bosses. He sometimes tries to manipulate me to do the things he wants me to do, like sweet talk me. But I see it from 20 miles away and I just tell him to tell me what he wants me to do. He doesn't respect me beyond me as a person, but that's fine because he's still an asshole.

INTJ - I dated 3 of them. First one we made each other better, second one unconsciously think I'm a puzzle that fits his life that he planned out, third one is a tsundere who doesn't like to tell me what he feels because we keep hurting each other but he gives up too fast. Very smart, their intelligence attracts me because they never stop to amaze me. Always lonely so I always feel compelled to make them feel like they're not alone. Can get aggressive and not realise it, so you gotta tell them. Where can I find more of you??? (I still can't decide if that's a good or bad idea)

ESTJ - My cousin. She kinda broke me because she wanted to help me? But she baited me into doing what she wants instead of telling me as it is. But she genuinely cared, and have her shit together, taking care of everything she wanted to care about. She's religious, pure (if you compare her to most people), and loving. Also not afraid to be herself. I will forever admire and love her, but keep her at arm's length for now. 

ISTJ - Guy I know for years. Sometimes the funny guy, but also the cold stingy guy. Very cringy jokes. But reliable, and consistent. I think he's comfortable with me. If I crack him a little maybe we could be better friends but my attention always gets stolen by everyone else.

ESFJ - An ex-friend. Outgoing, social butterfly, lots of connections. Dedicated, driven, ambitious. Why is she an ex-friend? She is also very manipulative, doesn't care that the individual can have their own feelings, toxic, back-stabbing, and wants to take control of everyone's status. She constantly projects her own feelings on others, and treats everyone with passive aggressiveness. I can only take so much.

ISFJ - My aunt. Kind lady with a lot of fucked up history in her years. Very hard working mum. All her life she worked for her family even after she retired. She takes care of her grandchildren personally, and they all have more than 10 years with her, growing up. She makes me feel like home and feel loved. But she's kinda stuck 50 years backwards. She used to manipulate me to get my life going, but she had since changed. She's open to talk about those things and understanding it. 

ENFJ - Person I know online. Have so many weird careers and achievements, self made person. Very broken but wants to make a change to the world so badly. Makes me feel at ease so fast. Love talking to them and being with them. Nice 1 on 1 conversation. But he fucked me in my head, it was... So bad. (But ENFJs I love you guys he's an exception I don't think you're all like that)

INFJ - A person who kinda changed my perspective about myself. Complicated. Wants so much to contribute to humanity. Kind, but analytical. So much in them but I can't even begin to scratch the surface. Almost all the INFJs I met are beautiful inside and out. But it's so hard to understand. I often feel so naked in front of them. They know everything about me, but I know nothing. It's so guilty. I wish I can do more for them. D: I love all INFJs I've met and had personal relationships with. 

ESTP - Uhm probably a lot in my life that are my acquaintances but I don't have much practical experience with them since I'm unable to 100% spot one.

ISTP - Dated one. Cool stories. Fun and funny. Made me feel like a princess. But nothing in common and not very compatible. Broke up shortly because I wanted someone else. 

ENTP - ughh. I met a mature. They have a lot to agree with me, and I learned a lot from him. But sometimes uhm I should just shut my ears on them cuz they didn't realise how some things he said made me feel bad about myself (it's all in my head it's not their fault, they're just being themselves)

INTP - A healthy one is one of the coolest person I've met. She's funny, brilliant, badass. So much fun to be with. I can talk to her about anything. We bounced off each other so well! Then she ended up dating my ex. IDK man, IDK. *shrugs*

ESFP - Best friend. Fun, very sociable, cool, easy-going, goofy, generous, popular. Likes people, likes to talk. Likes to go out and brave to stick up for herself. Her darkness lies in sadness not so much cynicism. Lives in the present. She likes to abuse substance and prone to self-destruction. Her self-awareness is low. Hates introspection. Sometimes she has a very bad sense of misguided Ni (and I don't even know how to explain to her). She's an immature version and I'm trying to help her. I don't think it's doing anything though. :(

ISFP - Not enough data :( Don't have too much personal relationship with them. The closest one wasn't sure she's ISFP herself. She thinks she needs to be objective. But lady, who is going to know you better than yourself? 

ENFP - I know a lot of yall and I love all of you. But most of yall need to start developing that logical Te yo and remember to be yourself. Also grow a backbone, you gotta sit up straight! :P

INFP - Oh man. I know soooo many of them. So much depth. Creative, caring, very easy going. Loves people who they feel comfortable with. Wide range of interest. Can be shy, very prone to depression. A lot of understanding about the self. So easy to talk to them. But please don't be so hard on yourselves. 

Compliment - my family complimented me on my fashion choices! I'm quite happy. :)

Complaint - I hurt their feelings by speaking the truth. Bitch you need help now and I ain't gonna baby you anymoreJust to add on: 

The shoes-off metaphor is very close to what I do. I always refer to my own self as a child when I take these tests. Less developed but very sure what I would do as it is the natural, untouched stage of myself.
As I grow up I needed more time for myself by being alone. I also feel so much strongly and not so aggressive/active. Sometimes I think I'm INFP but I always have to go back and check with myself -- yes I'm indeed ENFP.

INFJ prolly. Could be INTJ. Hmmmm, I guess I can concur that I've never met an INFJ who doesn't give me that "idealist" feel. At the same time, I have met some INTJs with the "big ideal" vibe. *hugs* I'm glad you feel this way. Most of my closest friends are INFPs and I'm so happy everyday they stood by me. Loyal AF! Ayy yin you lit AFOHH DEAR, here goes. Anyone who stalks me will reach this post and find out all my deepest secrets... *sigh*

* 1) I am 26 Female. I'm Chinese Malaysian. I am a gamer. I like psychology. I identify as a Liberal. I am an Atheist. I am currently in treatment for Dysthymia (A type of Depression). I like to deal with people. I talk about education a lot lately with my family. I advocate for equality in most ways I can. I love anime and manga, I love consuming the medium and discussing about it. I am passionate about that. I can play several instruments as I have played for more than 10 years. I speak 6 languages and have some basics in Linguistics. I know a lot of random topics, therefore when I talk to others I have multitudes of interest, from religion, literature, sex, mental health, pop-culture, latest news, political  thoughts/opinions, Philosophy, Science (specially Astronomy), Technology, and especially Culture. I like performance arts, and I used to do them frequently. I like cosmetics and self-expression -- I sometimes want to be a goth. I like educational channels on YouTube! I *LOVE* rock music and J-pop. I think that's most of it, demographically.

* 2) ENFP. I am generally idealistic. I am easy going but I try not to be a sheep, because my automation is what makes exactly me. Everything can make me think and learn. I can sit at a bus stop and start looking at trees and wonder how long they had to grow. Then I think about the people who sweeps the dry leaves and how much their wages are. I wonder where they come from and how did they land up in their jobs. I wonder how many people they need to do that jobs. I wonder if it's enough for them to feed themselves and whether they have families. It goes on. Why? Because I want to know them and it's fun for me to have a basis to go on and I don't mind realigning them to reality when I have the chance to.

 I generally can interpret word's actual meaning, but I can still hit and miss. I believe I do it better than most people when it comes to 'reading between the lines', however that is completely lost when it comes to analysing literature. 

 I make very far connections when it comes to conversations. It would jump from one thing to another quite quickly.

 I am not very creative when I need to be super creative, but I believe that's because I haven't been really creating, other than writing short stories and talking random shenannegans with friends on voice chat. I could be however very creative at finding ways to do a routine -- brush teeth, clean things up, whatever.

 I associate these with Ne-Si.  

 I prefer if I can express myself. I say that but I do not tell people my pain. Sometimes I don't dare to tell people what I really think, because in order to have a solid opinion I needed to construct it objectively (in words or text). They need to be complete and indestructable and I can stand against it. When I can't stand against it I will accept I need to learn something. But this all crumbles if I know I will not 100% have acceptance. I do not respond well to disagreement but I am trying to improve on that by gaining more self-confidence. When I am not understood the way I want I give up (I give up easier when I was younger) and leave the conversation. I will have decided this person is not worth convincing because I am not heard. I want to be heard but I'm also bad at diplomacy. I have so much more to do if I want to be able to express myself and accept I won't be accepted all the time. 

 I am mostly curious but more about people and what they do and think. It's easier for me to ask "why" to strangers because when I ask "why" to someone I know, it feels intrusive.
 
 I associate these with Fi-Te. 

 I am generally out-going and not shy from strangers, but when it is a large group setting I have found value of sitting back and let others speak first and talk. However, in my more natural state (as a child) I wouldn't hesitate to volunteer anything as long as I can -- my thoughts, my action, my work. I like to be with people and I feel sad when they're gone. I don't like to return home early because I can't bear choosing to leave a crowd. I associate these with Extraversion. Therefore with Ne-Si and Fi-Te, I am ENFP. 

 Reason why I posted here was because I keep thinking I'm INFP but I know my Te is more developed than Si. So your help is appreciated. 
 
* 3) It means my self-assessment is correct, therefore I can work on improving my weakness and achieve my goals. I want to be a well-rounded, self-actualised individual that brings influence to people in a large scale. 

* 4) Make a song about me? And sing it? I would probably make an Anime OP with fancy graphic (pfft as if) or a WWE theme song for myself cuz it's funny heuehuheu.

* 5) At child stage (to 18) I am often unable to express myself in a constructive way, therefore I do not express it at all. I also didn't know how to make friends, and that with not being thin gave me a lot of hurdles when it comes to that. Teachers often think I am not disciplined and lazy, when it comes to Maths. The fact is I didn't really understand and it was hard for me. The reaction for it being hard was deflection and avoidance, and therefore I get punished. Once I started to not gain confidence I want less to do with it. All I wanted was the adults to teach me the way I can understand and help me with putting work into it. I disliked Maths until adulthood, until I dated a Mathematician.

 I also do not respond well to rules. The more I am asked of something, the less likely I want to do it. It was the loss of freedom/automation. I was very rebellious ever since I start school. Punishments might help but comes with resentment.

 As an adult, I am often misunderstood as someone cold, because of my more developed-Te. I speak with less warmth and diplomacy, and often straightforward (it's a double-edged sword). I do like to point out inconsistencies and I do try to sound smart but that's because I see a better option. However, I try to make that a suggestion and ask them questions instead, it's a learning process. People also think I give off an air of intimidation, but all I want to do is uhm talk to you and have a conversation with you... &gt;_&gt;

* 6) There's a few events in my life that significantly changed who I am. My mother passed away, which brings me grief and cynicism. Joining an online comuunity that I learned a lot from, and having a lot of deep meaningful conversation with them, changed fundelmentally how I view the world until today. My relationship with an INTJ ex-bf in general made me realise my potential and how to nurture it. However the breakup brought me into an episode of Major Depression.

* 7) [I drew ass NSFW]
(https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/148153033082142720/297921651687817217/butt.png) Nope, I just randomly destroy other people's work, 1 pixel at a time. 

I laughed. Thanks!Ah well, I need to doubt myself less. Thanks for doing this! :)Yea well there's only few descriptions of her, we can barely know her let alone through lenses of OP. It's possible she still could be ENTJ while still being those descriptions. Idealistic + nostalgia boner.lmaooooo I feel so bad laughing

But yeah, I also don't get the nostalgia too, but that's because I didn't like Beauty and the Beast. My internal world at its natural probably looks like a void with lots of laser neon lights shooting all over the place.

 Then it can change into night time at a small, secluded lake in a cave with an opening to the sky, where the moonlight shine onto the small island in the midlde of it. The island has a willow tree. The atmosphere is serene. There's thousands of stars in the skies and tiny fireflies. I sit in the middle contemplate all this. The land/shore is close by, but I still need a boat to get there. I never explored the cave. I'm too scared. 

Sometimes, there's a door in a void, and it opens to a big grass field on top of a hill, windy and not sunny. There's a few flowers here and there. And there's a rainbow, but I don't like to look at it. Then something catches my eye, perhaps it's a small child. I talk to it and I wonder what I could do wrong had I not be the best of me. Sometimes it's an old witch, where she tells me no one will ever cared about me ever again if I keep getting stuck in here not wanting to do anything. Sometimes, I see an oval mirror, as tall a grown person is, with its elaborate, old metal-y frame, with me staring back at it, but dead and gothic, and tell me that's who I am. 

I'm sometimes at the bottom of a well, I was prisoned. There's nothing I can do. The ground and the wall are made of bricks, and there's no water. I lie there, unable to do anything even if I wanted to. I don't want to. I don't need to. And that's ok.

Sometimes I'm on a seaside town, with tall cliffs and more wind. I wear those picnic hats, and I walk the small path someone constructed along the cliffs looking into the sea. It's also night time. 

EDIT: ADDED MORE D:!NoENFP

Active: 11

Intuitive: 5

Visual: 3

Global: 3

Damn I learn about myself today. Would it be bias of me to say that's why I hate school? :(I'm sometimes sceptical about that. But I also think there's simply more INFJs who wants to connect because how hard it is to connect outside the scopes of interwebz. I have definitely met more INFJs online than offline, but that's not because there's more INFJs, it's just INFJs are more likely to want to be in a community online full of INFJs. 

~~also something something multiple accounts~~The Ti-Fe pair is the biggest hurdle for me to personally deal with, when it comes to different axis. I just don't get it. Even if you explain it. I can try to get it. I think I'm slowly getting better but there's so much more to learn. &gt; ENFP: Experiencing the world's most awesome festival. But over and over again.

I hate you. In a good way. But I hate you. :&lt;! 

(i dont rlly i just omg i can't stand that i rather die)I like think how I think is how I live? IDK. It's all very confusing to me as well. Most of the time it's the void with lights, but some of the places becomes how it is depends on how I feel. I guess my inner world becomes how I feel. I also thoroughly love this thread!! I usually explain to them the letters are just a name for that person's natural preference towards their cognitive functions... Then it gets a bit astrology-y, cultish-y, pseudo-scienc-y... I'm also bad at explaining things. :|I think it's your (and everyone's) willingness to participate and have conversations that makes me like it the most!!I think my point was that I was trying to say that Ti-Fe and Fi-Te (any type with those axis) fundamentally finds it very hard to align, since it is judging axis, it's like 2 very sharp swords trying to cut each other.

But if you have to... If you want my answer about Fi-Te, Fi-Te is not inherently selfish, it's just the self is more important than anything else (my eloquence, where are you?). It also have to face the cold hard world -- that we need to be objective and ruthless to get things done, because otherwise we couldn't. Immature Fi looks and relates everything to themselves because that's the only way they can learn how to care for others. The goal of Fi is to have self-actualisation and from there teach others how to achieve that. The reason being, ultimately no one is going to help yourself more than you. Now, the catch is, Fi-Te can also decide they WANT to care about everyone else because it's important to them, and they can genuinely do that as well. 

I don't understand why Ti-Fe needs to care so much appearing kind. If you don't feel it and don't know how it feels, it's fine. Some people might think you're creepy and cold, I get it. But trying to do my work for me is just crossing my boundaries -- it helps nobody. 

Also, I don't understand why Fe-doms get angry at things that shouldn't. Me saying I need my alone time doesn't mean I reject your being, I just need my alone time. I cannot and I don't want anything else interfere with the conversations (or the lack of conversations) I have with myself. It cannot reach its potential.

This isn't most Ti-Fe, but some people with Ti-Fe find a certain amount of hardship will shape you as a better person/gives you character, but I can only guess it's also because the so called blue-orange morality that people throw in when they go in comparison with the Fi-Te Black-white morality. Hardships are bound to happen no matter what, learning that they're not black and white is inevitable, but to me, sometimes some things really shouldn't happen. I understand it, I just don't agree with it, on a basis level. 

I'm sorry if it's a bit incoherent =( I cannot find other ways to explain it. I'm somehow madly satisfied the unicorn is pissedThe longest I've dated was 4 years, and I never had a chance to end any relationship due to boredom. It was always something else. I did, however, choose not to engage in a relationship due to boredom with another ENFP. Writing and being creative are not indicative of INFP. 

I would argue verbosity comes from stronger Ti or Te functions. INFJ's tert Ti is sometimes verbose to a fault. Ne-Si Fi-Te form of verbosity comes from going off tangent in a stream, but goes back to where it was eventually. Where do you get the Ne-dom from OP? All I can conclude is that OP is at least Fi-dom. Ne seems stronger than Se, but that's to be determined. Also, I'm type 4 ENFP, would like to know what you think. I'm pretty sure you're Fi-dom, but I can't say you're INFP because this are just your thoughts, I don't know what you do. I can slightly agree the indication of Ne is stronger than Se, but that's all I could muster. 

You kinda have low self-esteem though, for someone so full of thoughts. *shrugs*Oh I see. Perhaps I can change your mind a little.

I am a depressed ENFP. So with that being said, as an E4 ENFP I can relate to a lot of what OP have said, but there's a few parts that I could really see what an Aux-Fi have an easier time with. One of them is where their attachment with other people's identity/action, yet at the same time don't want to change them (OP specifically said she doesn't want to be controlled by the same margin). That is something an ENFP would agree with but will likely to attempt to ask "Why?". This varies to all the xNFP, but this is the trend from my observations so far.

Another is OP's need for absolute (at least very consistent) authenticity. OP cannot stand a lot of superficial dealings with society and culture norms. Now ENFPs are the same but they're *less sure* about it. They're a bit more willing to be challenged and changed, where a Fi-Dom would be absolutely sure this is what they believe in (just like Ti-doms they collect all the lessons and experiences in their life to form a framework), unless there's something more important, then they have to accept that change and realign their Fi-values to it. (This is less about stubbornness but more about giving ways to Ne) ENFPs are more likely to doubt themselves and have lesser backbone (inf-Si, think of their inner structure as a structure that they've built, but can't quite see due to very heavy fog), than a Fi-dom because they live in a constant need to assume that everything is a possibility. 

We need to remember, NFPs might share the same function stack and relate very much to each other, but one is a Judging-dom, the other is a Perceiving-dom. 

I wish I could more coherently translate my thoughts and why they arrived to it. Hope you see a bit what I'm trying to say! 

In the end, I'd like to at least say that this all have a lot of other indication and variables (culture/age/environment) because we're mostly simply going through behaviourism. We must ask, specifically, why do OP want to believe the things they do, or see the way they were. Thanks for your time!All my life I've only met type 7 ENFPs and I felt like that wasn't the only variation of ENFP there can ever be. I relate to them and I know them very well but it was a specific jadedness and need to make sense that's missing compared to type 4 (I'm 4w5). But I also lack the super-spontaneity, 'just do it', 'go-getter' from type 7. Yea, and they don't challenge me the same way others do. It felt slightly like a circlejerk. Yes, if I can help it I plan very early so that I don't get late. I don't like to waste people's time. I am enforcing a self-care routine for myself everyday to make sure I get what I need as a 'normal' person. 

Yes, I always want to go deep if I can. But I don't think that's 5 wing exclusive. I've known a few type 7 who likes to go deep, if not just wide.

Yes I kept thinking I'm type 2 sometimes. I care about wanting to show people they deserve to be loved and sometimes I forgot to take care of my own needs (sacrificing my needs in order to make others more comfortable/happy).

No worries, ask awayyyy

Jokes on you I get tea at a coffee place cuz rebelllllll. ESFP: Years of *having fun* and not giving a fuck about any fucking consequences and now see where you are. 

ISTP: Your perception of the world is a reflection of you. 

ENTP: Shut the fuck up 

ExTJ: No

INTJ: Get out of your fucking head the world is shit but you didn't try either

ENFJ: I don't need whatever you want me to do. I can take care of myself thanks.

ESFJ: I don't care about anything that you have to say, it's literally garbage. Like, you think you're so understanding yet when you look at me you know nothing of me. Everyone in your life left you the moment they could. And you still don't know what's wrong with you. I have no sympathies whatsoever

ENFP: Grow the fuck up please and learn how to fucking be your own best friend

As long as I have known you, this is my favourite post of yours.I'm not implying that you don't understand, but hypothetically or personally, would a Fe-user have asked 'What's wrong with M?' to the Fi-user? Because it really matters to Fi-user that you understood that, it implies everything that's relevant to 'reason M' gets respected. I think it's safe to say, in return a Fi-user would gladly do that for most people. 

If not, how can a Fi-user communicate to them? Or how do a Fe-user see the situation at all? I'm ENFP because I'm me. Not I'm me because I'm ENFP.

I'm ENFP because me includes me being a housewife. Not I'm a housewife because I'm ENFP. If I'm a housewife type I'm still me. If I'm boring it just means I don't meet enough people. 'Interesting' is subjective. It literally doesn't matter what type I am because I will still be interested in it. Even if people hate it and think I'm a boring type. What they think doesn't change who I am.

PS: I'm not housewife I'm ~~princess moon~~ just a normal grillThere's no questions too stupid to ask. The thing is I don't really like to assume and I have no idea if other people could be thinking the same as I do. If I don't understand I ask, I'm sorry if it is too anecdotal to you. Assuming of you would be arrogant of me. *roll eyes*

What might be obvious to you isn't obvious to me, vice versa. Yeah, I get it, and yeah that's good enough for me. I have a problem understanding Fe in general I just really wanna learn. I don't have much xNFJ friends either so I really don't have much things to base off of... JK Rowling said she's INFJ on Twitter. 

Mum is probably IxxJ? 

They're my heroes &lt;3 &lt;3 Thank you!! Love you guys too... *tweedle thumbs*What's your favourite cereal?? Thanks fam T.TPopping CandyOw man, high 5! Hello fellow 4. But yeah I've done so many self-assessments by reading various books and tests. I think I doubt my type more so than other ENFPs I've encountered as well lolAgnostic Atheist ENFPSame!Been following her for a long time. They're super amusing.**The Empress**

*The Arcana is the means by which all is revealed. Celebrate life's grandeur...its brilliance...its magnificence..."*

*The Empress represents motherly, prosperity, creativity, sexuality, abundance, fertility and comfort which most often observed in maintaining peace.*

*Often belongs to people of authority or wise and motherly figures.*

Well, yeah, I think it's somewhere along there. But I think this is more of how others see me though.
ENFP friend of mine got this too :)What does an Empress entail? I got 70 on it. How do I focus on my personal growth? How does it relate to an ENFP's growth? Thanks for this if you're taking the time! :)I do like to work with children, and teenagers. 

Uhm... Adds up to 31, and then 3+1=4.

Thanks so much :OI drew 2 things in my mind, first was a person sitting in a cannon, happily, ready to be blasted off. Another one was a venus trap-ish plant flower with a pot. 

The plant probably fit half of what the first analysis states (It kinda have a pac man face). But I think I fit more to the 3rd analysis of the video. I'm always interested in psycho-analysis based on drawings, especially TV shows I grew up watching had those segments for their guests. Cute birb 10/10 ENFP, but I wish there was a real sorting hat so I would know my house. :(I agree with you essentially on the methods of consoling (I use a similar approach), but I noticed a small trend where the more well-rounded the person it is, the methods they are more willing to accept are the ones of their weaker judging function. But at the same time, it's also very different with an INFJ compared to an ISFJ (example). My ENFP friend is super interested in learning how to recognise pattern in other people in order to understand them and eliminate negative assumptions. He thinks it's pretty cool too! I feel a lot of guilt personally, around my INFJ friends, because I find it very hard to understand INFJs and sometimes I think a community like that is something they absolutely need in life. People always think the internet communities are the indication of how not-rare INFJs are, but always kinda discount a lot of specific types needed a safe place to give doubt and bounce around ideas, especially about themselves and others. It's very rare someone points that out.I'm seeing Fi-Te Si-Ne here. Probably STJ but I would urge you to perhaps look at the [Delta group](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/Delta).

I think NTJ is possible too, look at the [Gamma group](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/Gamma).

Have fun learning I hope you find something useful xDThat's really nice to hear! 

But to be frank , chances are, out of 10 people I tell of MBTI probably only 1 is fully interested in it (some dabble on their own type and move on, most said it feels like astrology). So grab on that chance of discovery with your INFP friend! TypoC and PerC have a high percentages of fb-like massive engaging thread. The people of NF forums annoys me quite a lot. There could be diamonds and golds but to wait for a post like that is kind of rare, especially for the rarer types (I mean the sensors). Reddit enables to me, a platform where the user is slightly less important than the content -- I pay attention to the words not who posts it.

EDIT: Oops didn't mean to type that as a reply...Can I ask why do you think Michael Scofield is INFJ? xDI had times I had to tune it out because I'm paying too much focus on the theories and forgot that I need to stop constantly putting people on a scale. But when I needed it, it has proved to be useful as a self-help tool and also understanding others. It definitely can be a long-term thing. Knowledge don't just go away! It almost seems like they didn't try to improve upon themselves what they understand about themselves. Like, 'what are you learning all these for? We can't just circlejerk all day let's do something about our weakness!' kind of way.With stray pubesNTJ - ball of mystical magic

NFJ - ball of neutron star

NFP - ball of neon lights 

NTP - ball of... balls made of meme-tastic energy

STJ - ball of diamond and steel

SFJ - ball of magical fire

SFP - ball of shooting stars

STP - ball of.. ~~balls and dicks~~ magma meteorsI'm ENFP...

First kiddy crush was a kid across the street when I was 5. I slapped him when he held hands with another girl and I got so upset I sat in the swing in kindergarten even classes had started. Then I started to really hate him. It didn't bother me so badly though cuz we're all kids and stupid. 

First real crush was when I was about 10 or 11, guy who sat next to me. He's probably a quiet type of guy and he's nice enough to answer me about everything I asked. But we have nothing in common and our life styles were really different. I don't think he sees me anywhere remotely close to his inner circle. I asked him a lot of questions though, in the ENFP-I-want-to-solve-this-person-like-a-puzzle kinda way. I have no idea what he thinks about me to be honest, lol. 

First love is so hard to define, but I would count my first *actual* boyfriend was the one I had when I was 18. It was, again, puppy love and it amounted to nothing cuz we have nothing absolutely in common and we're both just horny bastards. 

Now I have crushes in between.. And they last *long*. Like YEARS. It's agony. Oh boy I wish I was grown up enough to just be like HEY I LIKE YOU when I do have a crush...I'm fond of mature NTJs. I have a lot of friends as INFP, and some ENFPs. INFJs I tread carefully but I still feel comfortable trying to bond and connect and be authentic. I like the NFs and SFPs most of the time. I'm scared of/distance myself from STPs and SFJs. NTPs are a hit or miss but I get along better with INTPs. STJs are at the sort of same zone with INFJs. I think I usually gain their trust though, through consistency.

I'm insanely attracted to INTJs and it's kinda breaking my soul and I'm trying to get away from this trend. ^Please ^^send ^^^helpI feel like I always accidentally hurt them without intending to &gt;_&gt;Gotta chime in on the harp, I love harps so much. People need to stop associating behaviour with cognitive functions. 2 types can do the same thing, functions discusses *why* they do the same thing. We discuss why and how they arrive at those decisions and behaviour. 

Side note I'm also kind of tired with these "which type does x" posts lately. Use these knowledge IRL and understand other peepurl so I can do the things I want. Underdeveloped TJ types looks like they're fronting all the time. They probably look super invulnerable and tough but inside its all cotton candy and glass and you have to navigate carefully because they feelsbadman.This dude is an asshole. They are projecting and doesn't seem to realise half of the shit they say applies to N types too. It's biased and distasteful backed up with irrational hate and disatisfaction. Don't let them get to you. We got chu fam.Si is puzzle pieces you keep to form a reliable, habit based systematic reality. Inf-Si would see it and use it but it's up a very steep mountain and extremely foggy. &gt;  I'd never say "ugh I could never be friends with a [insert type here]," and honestly that would be my failure, not theirs! Some combinations are probably easier or harder, but to me that's a challenge to be taken on, not written off.

I love your attitude on this. I wish more people would adapt to it! Ya mane. I have noticed the TJ types are 'shower and doer' not 'talker'. Once I realised that I was able to appreciate them so much more. &lt;3All the time, dude. Damn you Fi.I would like to point out, INTJ's Ni Te Fi Se makes them perceiving doms, where as INTP's Ti Ne Si Fe makes them judging doms. Thank you for taking the time to say that. It makes all the difference. I really admire Si-dom users because they have better handle on themselves, precisely based on the flexibility they have for their past experiences. As an inf-Si I'm trying to get there and it's difficult. Thank you for your kind reminder. I'm quite confused (and sometimes annoyed) that people compliment on "you're so straightforward GrayySea, I like it". I mean, what, do you like me when I hurt your feelings too?? 

Sincerely, 
an ENFP (aka a type that has similar ways of perception of the world, but different on how they go about it)It means it gives them subtle reassurance about themselves or at least, the reality they perceive. Kek inb4 you forgot you misplaced the dicemy bad, i literally didn't know thatThey both have inferior Ti.Yep this sounds more like the relationships I have with ESTPs in general, compared to other experiences above. Yeah, I think I agree with you on the numbers and data (dates, reminders, etc), and ENFJs tend to be a bit better at giving you the Ni+Fe world view on how everything might make things happier in a very big picture way (which sticks out like a sore thumb when it happens).I'm not sure I completely agree with you that Ann Coulter might not have considered single mothers as 'single women who didn't choose to marry'. When I watched the video it's pretty evident that she is referring to children who grew up in an environment without the father or any father figure to their family -- the host explicitly talks about 'where are the dads' and they both talked about mother trying to provide both materialistically and emotionally as a 'mother and father'. They're both explicitly talking about marriage of 1 man and 1 woman, which is a majority.

Could you elaborate what do you think about N being considering before conclusion? Because I kinda disagree where N (Ne or Ni) are the ones that is 'considering'. They're both perceiving function, and in a nutshell, it means they see what's not apparent. IMO, this sounds more like an F function - Fe naturally wants to consider for others, Fi decides whether or not the people they consider includes others (they almost always considers self first). 

*Too* radical perhaps. I don't think she has high Se in her stack though. 
I can definitely see where you come from. I also think if I want to know exactly what she means I'd read her book. I do however think your argument stands if she really thinks what you've described. 

I wonder, as an Ni Dom yourself, do you see her having any tert or inf Ni?? My observations of weaker Ni (when it comes to rationality) a lot of times manifests as paranoia based conclusions and sometimes dumb as hell 'jump to conclusions' kind of chat. Where as I definitely see her using some sort of Si where she uses her set of data in a way that doesn't actually reflect a lot of other dimensions of what those data could mean (such as why those single mothers are single mothers, and success cases of single mothers), not only that, she is quite jaded (ok that might be me just being biased). I'm not entirely sure about this assessment though, I think leaning ExTP is my answer, because the tert Fe would make more sense (inf-Fe have that air of embarrassment). 
To what extend does sympathy and empathy have little place in your life? Or at least for an ESTP? Example: Do you care about charity and their causes? Or giving back for your family? What do you do if your friends are upset and came to you? 

Sorry if it seems weird, just trying to understand.I see. Thanks for your answer! If it's a younger version of my type then it would be very easy for me to predict what they feel and what they'll do. In theory, N-doms = ENFP ENTP INTJ and lesser degree INFJ (they probably take care of themselves best out of the types. I would actually think INTJ is the worst because they probably don't go out of their way to impress other people on purpose, most of the time. To be frank it doesn't sound like you understand those functions yet. The side bar actually is one of the greatest resources you can collect on this sub. So since you suspect you're in the NFJ/STP areas you might as well start with those 4 types and learn about these 4 functions in various positions. If nothing sounds right, pick another type and start from there. 

Don't be afraid to ask questions, we won't make fun of you.... Well I won't at least. Good luck. As an ENFP I do not find any INFJ I known to be superficial or inauthentic. Going along the flow, wanting to fit in, expressing different demeanour on different people and different situation.. These are all things this 2 types can relate to. 

What Fe rubs us the wrong way is when they shine on us your blindspots that we're not so ready to accept yet, and it wasn't introduced properly, or not understood the need to be introduced properly. To understand NFJs in general we need to always remember their views of others are not based on the self, so when Fi gets annoyed about Fe, sometimes it's from the lack of understanding the difference between individuality/conformity. It's another orientation of projection. Fair enough. Can I introduce you to Michael Pierce? [Start here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7XUBpIHEq0&amp;list=PL6rzdODmcL67yYuPIQI1nY_ct1P2TDUyv)Ugh words, uhmmmm

"GrayySea you might have not done yourself a favour by refusing to xxx. It might hurt Mary's feelings."

"But I don't really care..."

"You need to care, they will be one of your best play mate if you're on their right side."

Ya know something like that? It's very hard for me to find an example as I can't really recall one..eeekk I wish I have better words for the situation I want to try to convey. Sorry :PI had watch them videos, I think they serve as good introduction, not too much, not too little. 

I'm not really good at typing, unless it's a specific few types, and it takes me a lot of personal relationship and understanding for me to do so, and I'm also easily subjected to biases... But what I do know is that you can start from temperaments. The temperaments are such ways because it was based on the greek 4 temperaments. 

So to clear some misconceptions, both thinking and feeling types can do the both, it's just which one we prefers. When we take the tests or start self-assessing, we should have an attitude they refer to as 'shoes off', but in my own interpretation I would say what's closest to you when you're a child - your most natural state. People change and develop, and we often identify ourselves with our growth, not that MBTI didn't account growth, it's just that with growth comes complexity, and those subtle differences make a lot of difference when it comes to learning about functions, and self-assessing. 

I rationalise things happen to me too, but that doesn't mean I'm a T type, it just means I think. Well, when we are interacting with the world we use our persona, so while it might be similar I would say that's not the rule of thumb to go by it. 

The way I figure out my most natural state is I try to relate to 'what would I do if I were 8'. "If you give grayysea a room when she's 8, how would it look like a week later?" "Messy AF." I would tend to agree that would be my most natural state. 

[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/62tv90/where_are_you_when_you_take_the_mbti_test/dfp5zvg/) is the actual 'shoes-off' description I found:

&gt;Some people have trouble finding the correct frame of mind for answering the MBTI. When reporting the results to some people, they say they reported their "work self," "school self," "ideal self," or some other self they now consider atypical. The frame of reference desired in respondents is what has been termed the "shoes-off self." The "shoes-off self" fosters an attitude in which one functions naturally, smoothly, and effortlessly, and in which one is not going "against one's grain." The function of the MBTI is to provide the first step toward understanding one's natural preferences.
You are born the way you are just like a bulbasaur then you become ivysaur then you become venusaur a bulbasaur doesnt become charmander or squirtle but they become friends instead a bulbasaur would have to be fucked up by some professor's pokemon experiment somewhere to become charmander or better, pikachuThe example was to demonstrate my thought process, it has nothing to do with the actual types. INO I think being organised have low to moderate correlation with types.

Do you need to remember your childhood to remember how you were as a person? I think it's just that when a blindspot Fi encounters is difficult to accept because - 1) it means we're not good enough morally, 2) it didn't matter to Fi but it should matter, and Fe reminds or feels that Fi should acknowledge it automatically (especially actively), then it just feels bad and in my case I just feel super guilty. 

I'm having a hard time explaining it exactly please forgive me if it sounds bad, I swear I don't think it's bad.Yes, this!! Thank you so much... I do think most of the time they're are worth listening to though. Depends I guess. IMO* it was a typo. 

So you don't think your current self is an extension to your child-self? There's no connection between them...?Hey OP, you are not your functions, your functions are *you*! I feel so bad that N-bias is making Sensors feel bad about themselves, when it is not that case at all.. I even feel strangely inadequate commenting but I believe here's something you should hear. 

My imagination is also based on my past experiences, they hardly come from nothing... People mistake Ne as this creative imaginative function, but when Ne is more about random connections and possibilities.. Focus on *THAT*. Ne's random connection is a reflect image of... You guessed it, Si. 

On Si -- Si is not *just* past experiences. Si builds a system of structure based on the consistency of your perceptions and compounds them into a huge, intricate blueprint of the world. If you recognise something because of your past, it's because the structure you've build is consistent and secure and people are going to be able to feel comfortable going back to that. What's wrong with that? If you don't like to go back to your past and cling to it, it just means you have gain awareness to make sure that's not the only way you *can* do things. Congratulations, you're crossed the step into becoming a more developed person! Are we going to start calling people who have memories Si-users? No...!

Another thing, I think struggling to translate thoughts into words is not really a perception thing, I find most Feeler type have trouble putting thoughts into words, especially if they're more deliberate. It's something a lot of us still have to learn. 

So really OP, I don't think all your shortcomings necessarily has to be specifically be about your type! You just realised that you have things you can work on, let's focus on that!

If you really wanna gain some Ne energy, why not hang out with people who have them? ENTP INTP ENFP INFP, maybe you can more freely exercise your Ne-muscle around them. There's so many YouTubers who are Ne-dom too... Be inspired. Be want to be inspired! Feel better... 

What what?Yayyyy! OK SO-- I want to say that this show has very good characters and it's often true that the more developed a person are the harder they're to type, so let me just run my brain here and let's discuss what we all think about it.

**Celeste** - IxFJ? She's outwardly quiet and has a calm demeanor. She is gentle and kind no matter what, unless push comes to shove (ha). She's even very keen on communicating nicely in the meeting because she recognised that's the most important thing to uphold in that situation with ~~whatshername~~ Renata there. 

**Jane** - INFP? She ran away from Santa Monica right? I didn't read the books and the show didn't really explain why she's moving away, but if I have to guess it would because she cannot stand her environment, especially if she's going to interact with her parents in a way that she doesn't like to. Perhaps the places she was at actively triggers her PTSD, so a nice neighbourhood would be good. Also she's kind of giving herself a reason to move because it's little Ziggy's first year so it's not going to be too bad for his new start as well. I'm just saying the whole 'I'm ok with new things' seems like something Ne would do. 

**Madeline** - ExFJ? So driven, so socially fluid, actively aware of other people's need... I'm leaning ESFJ I find her cute as a button, and I find that she's more likely to have Ne than Ni, and I don't see any Se in her. I respect her so much between doing so many things. 

**Renata** - She has to be ENFP? Hear me out, her Te goes out of control a lot easier than an ExTJ her age, she's emotionally in-tune, she cares about things for her daughter not in a way that's just for her future, but what it means to be subjected to certain events... She literally said '[her daughter] is gifted, she has higher intuition about her emotions' bla bla bla which an NF can easily recognise especially in children. She stops giving a fuck if people likes her. IDK, a grown up ENFP could look like her. She says she has become boring and stopped feeling alive. So at least we know she stopped being grounded in a way she should. Which brings us back to the scenario where Jane vs Renata just means ENFP vs INFP. I think it makes sense to me.

**Bonnie** - ISFP. I think everything about her characterisation fits ISFP. Understanding, artistic, grounded, believes in her causes, liberal, physically present and charged, intelligent. 

**Perry** - now that's an ExTJ. Have very little control of his feelings and don't really know how to balance the emotions he shows to people around him, it's either a lot of very little. There's no inbetween. It was so difficult for him in the therapy scene. 

**Ed** - man Madeline lucked out. But I think probably ISFJ. The goofy Elvis part is so adorable. 

**Chloe** - ENFP?





Did you read everything else?Thank you! Yes this fits the image in my head. TRUFF 

except you're cuter with beady eyes. Nihilism seems like a very foreign feeling NFPs can get. They *can* get it, but it's just rare. We unconsciously derive meaning from things even we don't want to. If NFPs do think something is pointless it would be in the context of practicality 'how does this benefit me or anything I care about', 'how does this do anything'. We might find life pointless and meaningless, but because how deep we feel about ourselves, to find pain and hurt meaningless is to say our feelings makes no sense, in other words we invalidate our own feelings, but how can you do that??? YOU'RE FEELING IT. So, to the NFP the feelings must be true, therefore, I must tend to it (because it means something even if the NFP doesn't know it yet). 

And trust me Fi can decide they want everyone to get along, but Fi is mostly going to do that because they decide that's important to them to respect their own opinion on how people should be, not because people should be this way to gain happiness and therefore I must get everyone to get alone. That's the difference of Fi-Te and Ti-Fe (I think). My opinion about typing other *real* people -

1) we need to stop assuming people's persona is their personality, especially public figures

2) they didn't ask to be typed. 

3) a lot of people were dead.

The world makes more sense in the things where I can see and witness and know *for sure*. When I first learned about MBTI/cognitive functions I realise so many things around me clicked instantly. How I can see beyond myself that they're just different, that they didn't just do this because they're stupid or heartless. 

It also makes me realise how much I don't freaking know. I stopped trying to make sense of things because it is a lot more complicated than a personality tool can help and I need to constantly recheck myself.

Lastly, I need to say I don't want to give you a hard time on expression your thoughts or rain on your parade, but if people's typing are accurate and worthy source of reference, why is that so many people can't agree on the same thing? Is it because the system is flawed or because we as humans are flawed, or because our knowledge comes so differently we don't have a set of established certainty about types? Does experience really make it easier and better? I really don't want to care about celebrity typing or any typing that's not coming from actual reliable assessment, and yes that includes self. I want to care about typing where people are certain about themselves and willing to be part of that narrative. If they're not willing participants of my cognitive functions-filled world then I will choose not to act out on it. 

Ok that last paragraph is just me ranting feel free to ignore. 

But no, historical people being their type is something I won't recgonise and at best a very good guess. It's not certainty and I refuse to take part of that circlejerk. http://typelogic.com/enfp.html

Except I don't relate to any of the claimed flakiness. Firstly I apologise if you read that I assumed you don't think they're 'unreliable', but I don't think that about you. I don't think you're doing anything destructive, per se. I recognise that you *do* realise it's wonky, and I also have clearly stated it does help myself understand me. But that's not the same as taking part of the circlejerk. Hear me out:

It seems to me you're trying to learn from being selective biased -- how do you learn more if you're used to learning by selective bias? You won't grow, you won't develop. But that's the whole point -- we want to allocate our weakness and change. It's a slow process, and I think I forgot that not everyone is at the same stage of learning the system, and that's my fault, I'm sorry. 

Anyway, you don't think it's a problem that we are assuming other people's persona as personality? Persona is the face that we present to other people so they'll perceive us at a certain light. It is not the same as our personality. We do it consciously, we do it subconsciously. 

In the end, I want you to realise a lot of people and places are picking up personas as their absolute personality and that's unhelpful in a long-run. Why? Because we idealise them (famous people), we don't see them as real people (we are not involved with their personal life). We don't see the full side of them like we can see ourselves and our friends and family. They're real people but they're projected in a *constructed* imagery. You don't think that's a problem in learning about personality and yourself? You could've easily not see something shadow-y about yourself. You could've easily missed something that have bothered you for years but never realised. And yes it's painful to know but at least you *will* know. *And that's the whole point, you're not here just to learn what's good about yourself.*

I think it's a good idea to recognise clearly what it means to be you, and have languages to talk about certain behaviour and feelings you never could before. It's just when it is not accurate it won't be valuable. 
Sure her name is Elanor Cool, and I don't want you to think I'm trying to invalidate you. I'm not here to do that. I like those creators too. Eyyyy also I want to be clarify that was when I was really young and naive and 17. (I'm now 26) And yes I'm incredibly ashamed I was like that, lolWhy is that the people you know IRL correlated to the people you can find online? Like, I don't get it. I do think there's huge amount of people mistyped, but I don't think it's too much of a stretch that the Ni-users gravitate to each other because of precisely how hard it is to find similar minded peers irl. The internet gives just the right platforms to them finding each other. If my POV of the world is quite isolated and different than most people, I would find it really comforting to see someone like me, right? 


How many INFJs I know from the internet vs. how many INFJs I know IRL, is affected by how much easier it is for me to specifically search out for INFJs online vs. never really 'search' for INFJs IRL (I gravitate towards their personality and find out later they're INFJs instead). 

 I'm just genuinely curious what you think. [Mindset while taking the test](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/62tv90/where_are_you_when_you_take_the_mbti_test/dfp5zvg/)I think that's quite a reasonable conclusion to make. I also agree finding any Ni-dom irl is like looking for a needle (but when I spot one it's like laser cutting my face), however, wouldn't an area of interest tend to be attractive to one type over another? Do you think that can correlate to the bigger amount of Ni attracted? Mhm, fair enough. Do you think types frequency can change by culture or location? Fine, today is a day of me biting anyway.

Is change bad or good? Is constantly improving also changing? Is constantly improving bad or good? 

Is settling bad or good? 

Do things have to be only bad and good? 

Why does Si don't make mistakes? Why does Se needs a cost to exercise? Are you saying cognition have elements of being nurtured?  Am I right to assume you mean during pregnancy? How do we say that but still at the same time claim your type is the one you're born with and never change unless experience trauma (a wide belief in our community)? Thanks for engaging with me. I learned another perspective to think about it. :)INFJ is my shadow after all 8)You're not Perry silly.I haven't changed my type yet oniichanPractical, opportunistic, see things as they are, more in tune with their body (motor skills), prefer finer taste

For SFP: A E S T H E T I C S&gt; sorry i have nothing to teach other types who have their own strengths

A small tangent, but there's things you can learn from anyone, provided they're healthy individuals or an excellent skill/trait... I think it's valuable to learn something from another person that you don't have. And no, I definitely want to learn something from you or anyone as long as they could make me become a better person. 

Why does internet points matter anyway, there's better things to feel good/bad aboutIt's kind of like the Pixar movie "Inside Out", where you need vulnerability to feel sadness therefore you can tip the emotional scale on a steeper angle to experience more wide and complex range of emotions (which results in growth and maturity), and the ability to deal with them.

As a sensitive person myself, I would feel troubled in a group of people arguing with each other, but I also feel extra happy and grateful in a room full of happy loving people having a good time. There's peace and in betweens, but even the peace feels better than just neutral/nothing. I believe this can help in terms of self-actualisation. 

To me, it's all a trade off. I think this correlates with big5's neuroticism (emotional reactive) a bit better. (But this does not necessary equate to happier life as well in general)

Hm, this might be anecdotal, but I don't think sensitivity in people in general was nurtured in the way your post implied. I think it could apply to someone else, but the people put in those environment are likelier to be sheltered than sensitive. I think sensitivity is more of an innate thing. I see, I agree. Were you just annoyed that people can't be bothered to be self-actualised? You mentioned you don't like people who don't want to see inside themselves for strengths (intelligence), before looking from another person, so it meant to me you think people should always depend and looking inward from themselves to improve, instead of the other way around. 

I think I can see why OP would be perceived that way but to me it was a clear mistake on semantics. 

By the standards that it does not improve you as a person.I agree, perhaps it's the way that's being said is not what I agree with. &gt;I have trouble sleeping with all these thoughts and I can't complete my work

Ugh exactly why I'm here. I have trouble sleeping because my head won't stop. 

I'm also trying very hard to be more grounded as well.Katsuragi Misato from Evangelion but less daddy issues more depressionThat's exactly what I thought about overwatch. 'oh finally a game with no killing, lots of infjs will love this'That's exactly what I thought about overwatch. 'oh finally a game with no killing, lots of infjs will love this'Ehhhh I don't really care for those 'cinematic games' like beyond two souls even if they can have decent writing. I much prefer if a game is MMO or RPG and have to have everyone work together. I also enjoy puzzle games immensely. Not entirely. It's a strategy game instead of simulatorENFP female -

I think sex is one aspect of love (actual love, not just romantic love), and if you can't find out about it before you settle down with someone, you might regret your whole life not being compatible -- sexual compatibility is one of the factors I consider about my partner. 


I don't believe waiting for marriage because it's pointless -- you put sex on a pedestal instead of treating it like a biology/bodily function thing. 

Do you mind posting the video? Thank youWait I don't get the High Si oneJust saw the video. Loved it!! u/peppermint-kiss please make more videos &lt;3Ohh gotcha1) Are we likely to get 16 people of each type to commit to your council, and what kind of compromise be considerable? If an ESFP in your council is going to be busy for 2 weeks and no time to spare, are you going only able to give out your assessment in 2 weeks? Or do you think that 1 ESFP's absence is negligible enough/can find replacement? To what extend the number of people present is required?

2) Why does it sound to me like an exclusive 'I am honourary MBTI user' club with a shiny batch? 

3) I think it's just smarter if you guys were to redirect people who want to be typed to a subreddit that the council is made of, that way everyone gets what they want? Work with the mods of r/mbti to get you guys in the sidebar or at least have a 'let's test things out' period to see if it'll work?

4) Do you think what you actually want is that all of the members in the community to be 'graded' according to their MBTI exp therefore the words they say should be taken more or less seriously according to their 'grade'? But there's really no good way to go about it other than setting up a council?
Switch INFP and ENFP and you're perfect. 

Activism requires faster reaction to bring words into action = higher Te likelier to start things off


Writing require a huge amount of references to sensations and imagination = higher Si is likelier to benefit to that. 1) Ok, I get it

2) Fair but exclusivity already indicate there's some people who is going to be left out whether it is by choice or not, and there will be conflict to it -- so what do we do about this? Mods are volunteers and they're already doing what they can, but do we not care about the community aspect of this place? There's a lot of different ideas of what a community means to so many people... So what do we do to make it the best for everyone?

4) If it's 'commonalities' then why only ~10 people? It's less likely to be biased compared to 1 person, but it I think the problem isn't type, I think the problem is how to help everyone type better. Having a better system is actually better IMO, like many others have concurred in the thread. 

Activism needs action to carry out, not saying INFPs aren't going to do that, but ENFPs with higher Te is going to want to go to the authority and challenge them. INFPs focus will be on spreading an idea through relation or an empathetic pov, they're more likely to want to take their time on formulating something to touch your head, therefore to hopefully inspire you to change your mind.

ENFPs are also more contaminating -- aka they're likely to be more influential and 'annoying'... Both traits a lot of people associate activists with. Lena Dunham an ENFP is such example. 

And yea, I agree, all these are stereotypes after allOne of the thing is Fi's more complex value is seen as vulnerable, easier to subject to uncecesary/unwanted judgement, and easy to be manipulated, so unless trust is earned it's hard to openly talk about it. This is largely applicable to Ne-Fi and Ni-Fi to varying degrees. The higher the Fi is the more 'sacred' it feels. 



Imo it's a bit different than Se-Fi and Si-Fi, and I'm not completely sure about them.If I want, I could highlight any point of your paragraph and make it look like it is related to any function I want. The problem with this is that this is largely behavioral... It's more helpful you explain why you like to do the things you do instead of what you like to do. It'll be much more clearer to know -why- you like things.I have a suggestion -- can we start working on a FAQ/wiki thing like what the r/infj did? It's very helpful and it's 'all there in the manual', we can refer the people in threads to that. There's so many golden resources out there that we often need to keep reposting. 

I think your suggestion is valid if it's possible to make it a very stable process, unfortunately that's not the case since our community is small-ish in scale to have enough people to want to contribute. Naturally, I can already name a few names on top of my head, but of all the people *obsessed* in MBTI, they're not all on Reddit, and that makes it a lot more difficult. So in the end if the idea is executable after finding a way to come to a consensus that the council has no authority whatsoever, it's doable. It's just a shame it's *very* difficult.You speak so you're a Te-userReeeeeeeeevoteMbti version of /r/relationships ?? hells to the yeah 

expectation: juicy esfp infp entp popcorn worthy incestuous love triangle

reality: shit posts 'help my xxxx is not giving me what i want help!!' 'dude did you even tell him you like him yet...' 'nope' 'WELL GUESS WHAT'S THE PROBLEM'Jokes on youI was meme-ing e.eENFJ. You think you know her but you don't. Then you realise she's just a master at being likeable. And I can't even hate her for it.Nice! Now we have more to work on.

&gt; Even though I love exploring new stuff, I love to work in a traditional and "safe" way. I don't like getting myself in trouble at school or work. My work style can be seen as kinda "edgy", but I always end up doing what I have to do.

This is the part where I disagree with everyone else on the thread. You prefer a safer way of doing things -- why?

&gt; This kind of stuff fascinates me. I sometimes lose consciousness of the world trying to understand consciousness or human existence.

I have an ESFP best friend, and while I don't think she's dumb, she doesn't occupy her head space for more existential thoughts, at least not with me. She's always thinking what she can do next about her life, where she wants to go next time. But when she does think existential, it's always something she learns from someone very old or very wise (very rarely me, because she thinks I'm condescending). She's usually not fascinated by philosophy, but found it very profound instead, slowly trying to move backwards from the thought, and discuss with me -- but she doesn't want to dabble in it, she had yet to try. 

When you search for meaning in poetry or any work of art, how do you come to interpret their meanings? What happens in your head when you see a work of art? 

Also highly recommend looking at /u/Lastrevio's post -- it'll help you learn about the differences between Ne and Se. I meant, "Jokes on you, I'm already Ne dom, HA!" 

I actually don't mind contributing, I just wonder how consistently I can commit, and I'm not confident in that. That's why I usually don't try to be super involved in things I'm not sure I can finish. Don't know about others, but I am much more inclined to say Ne-Si instead of Se-Ni. 

In all your posts in this thread, you have mentioned many times about how much you like new things and new experiences -- the difference with Ne and Se is that Ne wants the novelty of "trying everything once" where Se wants to discover if there's better things to experience. 

&gt;I always live in the present moment, I love to get involved in what's currently happening.

&gt;
ALSO: I sometimes find myself imagining some events with friends. Kinda like "oh we should go watch a movie this halloween!! it's gonna be awesome i'm gonna bring the popcorn and we'll lock the doors so that kids can't bother us!". When the events happen though, I usually find it kinda disastrous or boring. I heard from other people that this is a pretty ENFP thing to do.

As ENFPs we want to get involved with what's currently happening because everyone is doing it, they wanna see what's happening, they wanna *know* what's happening, why is everyone so hyped about it, maybe I can be hyped too! I want to be hype with everyone else! It matters a bit less what it is (a bit less than ESFPs). So if that's you, it's probably ENFP. (Sidenote I freaking love Karaoke, but then, I'm Asian, so our Karaokes are fancier)

&gt;Don't wanna get myself in trouble. What's the point of exploring new possibilities, when you can just take the easy path?

Faster, easier, safer, better, and if I try new ways of doing things, I mess up, so why bother? That's Si to me.

&gt;When I listen to music or look at art, I have a very hard time finding the meaning. I usually have to look it up online unless the meaning is very obvious. When looking at a piece of art, what fascinates me first is the effort put by the artist, both by the interpretation and the mental effort needed to represent it. Then comes the meaning, which I usually have a hard time to find out, which fascinates me even more.

You and I are the same. When it comes to artistic interpretation, I needed other people's input before I can form my own, where I would collect everyone's input and try to weave what's the 'general sense' of it is. If I try to form my own, it's not very on-point. On the Se-Ni side, with Ni symbolism, it would be so much more *accurate* to them. But then, I also feel this is quite behavioural so take it with a grain of salt.

So I'm very inclined to think ENFP. What do you think, OP?Most memorable ENTJ is one of my former bosses. Massively successful, only 2 years older than me, he has a huge site and lots of staff running for him. Had many lovely girlfriends (*roll eyes*). At the same time, he was also doing 2 Masters programme in  Nanotech and/or Engineering at his Uni, trying to start a new company, rowing boats with posh looking people in the UK, trying to get another degree in Internet from Oxford online, attending press junkets and premieres at Cannes Film Festival, etc. At that time, he was 22. (Incidentally, his INTJ brother got his PhD in Physics years later, or something, but I digress) 

I was 20 and sat there wondering what did I do with my life.

He is incredibly manipulative/smooth talking, he likes to compliment me and tell me how great and smart I was, just to ask me to do him a huge favour. I usually just want him to get to the point, I said "boss, what do you want me to do?". I don't think he particularly like it especially if I do it in front of everyone else, IDK. *shrug* In a true ENTJs fashion, the young me find it very hard to agree with a lot of choices he makes, and I felt like I'm always the only one who have go against him. It's a miracle I wasn't fired. O_o

 

I think I'm mainly bitter he deleted me on FB and no one else. :| 

And yes I wish he liked me a little more, but well I can't please everyone. :(
Yep -- ENFPs are more likely to be ring leaders than a follower, lol.

If it fits you, wooot!So what's Baelish?Would you possibly attach your development of your Fe function to any personal trauma or hardships? Cultural environment? Your parents' parenting style? Are you female?Yep authenticity takes a priority to a fault. It can learn to change.Certainly, heavy responsibilities like that in your early life meant that you need to have the capacity to focus on more things other than yourself, so a healthy person would likely have to grow up to adapt to the changes. Maturity and developing lower stacks comes hand in hand. 

There's other reasons why people can develop their tert function so quickly as well. It's just it might not be so apparently if you don't ask them about it.Crushes: INTJ ISTJ INTJ ENTJ INTJ ISTP INTJ ENFJ? (What the heck grayysea)

Dated: ISFJ ISTP ESFP ISTP INTJ INTJ INTJ 

Best friends: INTJ ESFJ ESFPSounds Fe"When we all die no one is going to care about you." That crushed me so bad I still feel bad after 2 years.I'm in a circle of about 6 INFPs and 2 ENFPs, I think. There's one token INTJ in the mix. I personally find the reasoning for that is because everyone likes comfort, and how they attract each other  because  of  similar  temperament. Simply due to that they're going to like TPs a bit less, lol. And no the INFPs are more talkative in general, or at least equal. 

Other circles are more varied, but I think I'm attracted to the friend groups with more NFs or just less passing judgements in general.Yeah well not all introverts are antisocial, but most antisocial or socially anxious people are going to clam up.... a lot of introverts are very comfortable  with themselves like istjs. I am inclined to say intps are exceptions too. I would refer you to nardis brain scan but I'm on mobile now.Oh myChake segseu, side note question, do you still have no idea about your type lolKill: ESFJ

Bang: Te-doms (sub lf dom) 

Marry: INTJThank youI think what I want most to say to you is -- people won't be able to agree on your type because they all have different perspectives and they see the world -- an extension to you and you to it -- differently. 

How come Ne Si is weird? XD I mean I do Ni Se hard too so there's that. 

side note: I lowkey should be Gurae-segshiiThank you for taking your time to answer a stranger's request, about yourself.

So I'd like to clarify something about Si.. I think to my understanding, Si is not just 'yesterday' or 'memory', those are the manifestation of Si -- Si is a system or a structure built in place by the bricks of *time*. Si refers and compare to this structure every time they receive data via Ne. Everything must/might have a meaning or a set of reason, so this structure gets refined every single moment/second to be a more complete, perfect structure, or at least, stable. For SJs, it looks like Ne &gt; Si &gt; Je &gt; Ji something like that? Maybe?

The reasons why Si users like to look into the past because.. IDK, to me I can't help it because it's important I don't make the same mistakes/I learn something. something something inf-Si I imagine dom-Si have better handle at this

So NiSe-FeTi then? You sound like it. 

Thank you for your compliment :3 My korean is crap and shit I just find it endearing to call you chakke segseu hehehe. Dude that whole Si rant, that's me, you and I both, dude. I just find it super frustrating how they cannot relate or jump onto other things just as much as they like the established, ya know what I mean? 

I see your relationship with Si, it sounds so alien to me, lol, since you also see 'meaningful data' different than I do. O_o

I didn't Korean at any point.. I'm a 20+ Asian in an Asian country, I can't escape K-pop and people who likes to talk about the Korean culture, and I can't help but rubbed some off.. I'm good at languages (I speak 6 :P) so I can see some patterns and remember small stuff. If you're going to converse to me I'm only able to only say Annyeong, Kamsahamnida, and Mashisoyo though, LOL.  

~~I'm actually more of a weeb~~ 

Now I wonder how to address you now, I'm 26/F. :thinking:I wouldn't blame you have no one to talk to xD You kind of need to be in Korea to speak Korean. Do you still consume Korean pop culture? 

Mine is Nov 28th, you? (CAN THE OPPA DREAM COME TRUE, CAN IT?)Noooooooooooooooooooooooo my oppa dream shattered 

Honestly though, I only know HAJIMA if we're talking about Korean rap. I get annoyed sometimes how rock music basically doesn't exist in K-pop outside of CN BLUE

It's ok you're not as weird as an Asian girl trying to learn Esperanto.- Moderately, I don't go out of my way to get to know a lot of people, I enjoy my small corner

- Yes

- small groups/ 1 on 1, I don't like massive groups more than, say, 10

- no

- yesENFPIt's very easy to manipulate the results if you're not honest with yourself. Also it's harder to take the test if you're a better developed person. And the more you know about mbti also makes it harder. 

I typed as an INTJ multiple times by me answering honestly.It's too hard to talk about ideals here because it's absolutely possible that I find 2 person with the same type and likes completely different things in different fields. Personal interest and circumstances need to be taken in consideration.Choking, spanking, uniform, being a brat, power play. I like relationship dynamics.I hear that everyday and here I am intelligent and hot and no one likes me. ಠ_ಠI'm actually a bit more like you. I like to be flexible but responsibly set or decide on something if I'm going to have a promise with someone. I use words like "the latest by x.xx pm" to give both parties open to change. I used to work on very tight dead lines so that had shaped a lot of my commitment habits. 

I use words like "most likely", "probably" and "maybe" because to me I won't use word of certainty if I cannot 100% be sure about it. I won't say "I will" if the chances of me doing by it is only 90% percent.why?Official Pottermore says Hufflepuff, but I don't think so. If it had to be up to me I'd pick Ravenclaw just because I want to hang out with people different than me.

I'm ENFP btw. I don't understand how you come to this conclusion, can I ask why?As an ENFP I would think a kind of wilfulness and making others to feel compelled to go their way. "I get it or I'll destroy stuff" kind of manipulative. How come don't ask about NFPs?ENFPs could be closed off, I can agree to that. Too much in my head, I needed something to ground me. My therapist also coincidentally recommended that to me.I see, thanks for your reply! 

Can I expand on this discussion? How about according to the books that there's almost never anything very concrete or certain about house descriptions? They're descriptive but simplistic, and don't really always have a lot of depth (as humans are naturally more than just meets the eye. Not saying functions aren't, but in comparison it's more.) From the books? We can study its implications but in comparison functions are just that much more detailed and fleshed out. I understand in Hogwarts they are children, but surely there's a lot of adults who have graduated Hogwarts and still manifests as their house description. For example, what is Dumbledore's type since he's Gryffindor?

Also you said something about behaviour, wouldn't that goes directly against on functions since they're not an indicator of behaviours? How does that work in this case?

I do agree with the general vibe of the houses that you have discussed, but how about people who don't necessarily manifest their supposed behaviour as one should do as their type? I've met very warm INTJs and very cold ENFJs, would that make them exceptions? These are grown developed individuals.
I plugged a long post I made about religion - INTP

A fan-fic I wrote for a game - ESFP
INFJ, from my experience. INTP almost always chiller.I actually have no qualms with your typing! That's like the first time I ever had this. Damn that's nice. 

I also prefer Korra. They're both great it's just Korra has more adult themes and the whole complex villain thing was done so well. Korras journey was more fleshed out and yeah I found Aang a bit too relatable to feel comfortable with him. The relationship dynamics from Korra were portrayed realistically and I really appreciated that.Ever considered ENTP? As a Ne-dom and a few Ne-dom friends, I don't find this very farfetched. Various Ne-doms could fit into an introverted description of the society's idea of introversion, including myself.Thanks for your thoughtful reply.

I see how people gather information about Houses a bit more spread and generic. I don't think many would want to know 'for sure' or 'as detailed as possible' for what they want to know about Hogwarts houses, I think they probably go by impressions and memory and associated character. This would be the crowd that had at least watched the movies and have a lot of people around them talk about it. (As current young generations, the millennials are the ones with most relationship with the Harry Potter universe). That aside, I think in this subreddit there's bound to be at least a huge chunk of book readers, if not majority, and they will remember and know more descriptive of what Houses meant -- as in there's less stereotyped-based judgements (hopefully) such as the common "Slytherin is evil" and "Gryffindor is good" impression. The third source is of course Pottermore. I've taken the official test thrice (once first launch, twice second launch) and they're... Never the same. I think other than self-assessment, this is the source of identify for the Houses. So in the end, I don't think these point of view is very easy to be nullified. Because I think not everyone only come to a conclusion from 1 source. Many would have multiple sources (since it's very easily accessible and popular topic to discuss). Reading Wiki is definitely a good source to be based on, my point here is it's not the only source. However if this is the argument includes the quality of assessment then yes the Wiki has to be accounted for no matter how we see it.

Interesting viewpoint on Dumbledore! I can agree with some of it but I don't think it would be relevant to the topic anymore, so let's move on.

Now, I don't disagree that behaviour is not part of cognition at all. I believe behaviour is manifestation of certain thoughts or feelings, I just think behaviour might look the same to different cognition, and that's what I was arguing for. (I have no doubt you understood this since you've been here so much) I cannot for a moment disassociate behaviour from cognition, that's impossible. It's like saying my computer will light up without electricity... In my head, both Houses and MBTI are easy to fuck up because, well, due to various reasons, I don't seem to meet a lot of people who understand themselves and what they do means in general. But that's a very wide generalisation.

About paradigms. Nah, I agree. To people who don't know me, I seem very cold and very pushy and stoic, especially on text, however in person I'm the opposite, I've been told a lot of times they felt a dissonance about my persona due to this. I don't think your type must mean you're hot or cold, yes I agree. I think the difference here is that I'm always prone to believe in other people's self-awareness (even tho this largely contradict what I think) because I feel like I cannot know them better than themselves. Now obviously this is something I am projecting and not necessarily something always true, but I have no confident about what I've seen. It's like I read hangul and I don't know what it means, even though if I actually paid attention I would because I recognised some parts. I think this is the difference between most people who do type others (I do too, however I just gave a lot of space to my Ne), I don't think they disrespect the other necessarily, just, less doubt about themselves.

Sorry I didn't mean to seem like I want to pick a bone, I was just genuinely interested how you came to the conclusion that it's harder to miss Hogwarts houses because to me, the descriptions are too vague. Thank you so much for your patient reply~~ ^Chakke ^you ^always ^segshii To me, this is what openness means, able to understand what stereotype means, and being open that it happens when things don't fall into that. I have no qualms about stereotypes but I think my problem with stereotype is as if it could be ONLY that, which is the one that is bothering me. Solid post, good job.lmaoo shittttttMy inf is Si. Actually the older I am the more obvious it seems to me I have a lot of Si in me, but strangely out of control and unorganised and hard to grasp. It might have something to do with your development if you felt that you have no use on your inf. So think of it this way, why does your dom manifest? Dom exists because your inf makes way for it. The polarity of it is exactly why you have problems with it. Instead of it feeling foreign, you may detest it. 

Now Ti, on the other hand, I can't even. I just can't. I tried so many times, I sort of get it, but I don't. It's hard.Yep, I find Ti and TPs hardest for me to concretely understand. FJs to an extend, but less. ENFP (was 17). ENFP.IDK why ENFJs can't be dicks, few of the dicks I know is ENFJ for sure, lol. Strangely the ones I'm thinking are both males. Who says you can't be smart and a feeler? I don't know what you think about it, but being emotionally intelligent is such a scarce trait in people nowadays. Human relationships are very important, including the one you have with yourself. 
Ned - ISTJ

Catelyn - xSFJ

Danaerys - INFJ

Cersei - ESFJ

Tyrion - ENTP

Margery - ENFJ

Baelish - INTJ

Tywin - INTJ

Misandei - xNFP

Bronn - ESTP

Hound - ISTP

Arya - ISFP

Sansa - ISFJ

Ramsay - xNTJ gone wrong

Joffrey - ESFP

Ellaria - ISFP

Yara - ESTJ

Theon - ESTP

Brienne - ISTJ

Olenna - ENTJ

Stannis - ESTJ

Melisandre - ENFJ

Lyanna Morment - ExTJ? 

that Red Priest dude with the brotherhood - ENFP?Hm, idk, I've came to know a lot of INFJs have this secret love of pissing people off. Maybe just me. 

I don't disagree you being on the NFJ spectrum however. Not typical, but not off either.

EDIT: Just realised it made it sound like I think NFJs are dicks. I'm just saying they can appear to be to those who don't understand.This post completely aligns with what I know about ENFP and INFP. These few especially:

&gt;ENFPs on the other lead with Ne so if there is something that interests them even if it hurts them in the end, they will consider it before they decide how they feel. Despite the fact that Fi is auxiliary, the ENFP's internal values are not less important to them compared to how important INFP's internal values are to them, it's just that they will determine how they feel about something after they consider the possibility, but since Fi is dominant in INFPs, they will automatically omit the possibility that goes against their internal framework even if the possibility really interest them which is why INFPs will appear more J-ish than ENFPs since INFPs lead with feeling which is a judging function while intuition is a perceiving function which comes second whereas it's vice versa for ENFPs. 

In other words, ENFP automatically give more chance to the possibility that there could be more, omitting their own beliefs in favour of a different possibility, where INFP gives less chance to their Ne. (This isn't good or bad, just different)

&gt;The fact how Si is more repressed in ENFPs compared to INFPs does explain why ENFPs may have a hard time codifying themselves when discovering their never-ending trip of stimulating possibilities juxtaposing how Ne comes before their Si whereas Si is tertiary in INFPs so because it can be easier for them to codify their ideas despite sharing the never-ending trip of stimulating possibilities problem like ENFPs

ENFPs in general, have less verbose thoughts compared to INFPs. They both have a lot to say, ENFP just find it harder to say what they think, INFP easier. 

&gt;ENFPs having tertiary Te helps them achieve their goals to get what they want for themselves whereas INFPs having inferior Te struggle with this which makes sense considering in this ESTJ world where you have to be productive, be organized, and get shit done, INFPs tend to struggle with it and/or take such a long time to get it done

ENFP are more likely to give in to the need to have results based gratification, where as INFP is less likely. How I would personally deal with it, on the context that they're my peer:

INTJ - depends on the depth of our relationship, attempt to reach out, be it acting as a distraction, or a chance to enable/validate his struggle/complications of his problems. My biggest priority is to present the idea that I can offer help (majority of INTJs don't respond well to therapy due to CBT being past-present instead of what INTJs prefer, which is present-future).

ESTP - *shrug* They're hard for me to talk to, I think you'd have an easier time for that. I had a feeling they think it's another person's responsibility to not take things so seriously on the internet, so I don't really know how to approach it. Most experience of me questioning TPs have gone into bitter arguments, altho I'm glad that they're usually able to forgive me for my willfulness and aggression. 

ENFP - ask questions that leads them questioning their morality, but it has to depend on how mature they are. Also highly depends on how much they trust me. But if they are ENFP and I have no beef with them, I'm usually able to do it. 

ENTP - need context, break what? Are they trying to create chaos? All TPs are usually off-limits to me unless intervention is needed, I usually ask someone with Fe-Ti instead. Why are ENTP the type that are most likely to post AMA threads when they're bored? (genuine question not trolling) The ENFP stereotype exists because half of it is true, and the other half of the ENFP description doesn't necessary *stay* true to all ENFPs. 

ENFPs experience growth and development in a very peculiar stage of life (late teens early 20s) compared to many other types, yet they haven't realised they can be very self-aware. The difference is that they haven't reached the potential they could have been due to overwhelming Ne (this is most apparent in ennetype 7) when they're young, compared to, say, an INFP or ENFJ. 

So the question is, if you do not fit ENFPs stereotype, can you still be ENFP? Are you underdeveloped unhealthy? 

Not necessarily. ENFPs, like many other types, come in all different shape and sizes, and mode. Your signs of slight shyness have to do with how ENFPs developing their guards (Fi) up and want to be less vulnerable or the need to be more objective/less personal (Te). Imagine the ENFP being very good at fighting, but they're weak in defense. So they randomly encountered and fought a boss, and leveled up, therefore granting more points to their stats. From the boss fight, they also got an armour, so they wear the armour to protect themselves. This is similar to the 'I'm shyer than the stereotype ENFP'. The need to be reserved is a compensation of social awareness and time for developing/exploring their inner world, it is a sign of development. ENFP's intuition are most obvious when it comes to social dynamics, communication, group dynamics, intra-personal relationship etc. 


I don't see how your 2nd description contradict ENFP/Ne-dom at all. If you're not under-stimulated, you're not bored. At least that's how I see it. 


Personally, I'm a type 4w5 ENFP and I definitely don't fit all stereotypes, but I also fit a lot of *other* stereotypes.OOoh makes sense. I can definitely relate to that.Thank you! I don't really have sources, it's all from my personal experience and observations on other ENFPs. My circumstances have a large part to do to enable me achieve these things.

I think it's appropriate to mention Fi for ENFPs. Let's imagine Fi's best and ideal state: self-actualisation. When you understand yourself, and actively trying to understand yourself, and able to use your own strength and weaknesses to achieve what you want, the things you're able to see and influence is massive. The idea is that self-actualisation also starts from yourself and then broaden to influence others around you. Also have to do with how you need to learn and harbour self-love, that all good stuff. 

From that attitude forwards, by wanting to learn and giving into the possibility and honesty to tell yourself "I have so much to learn", you might be able to gather information and form a set of values and things you want to do for yourself. Fi (and Te) says, "What do you want and how do we get it?" So translate that to: What do I want, and how do I do it? It starts from understanding yourself, your surroundings, and what's possible to achieve, then how to do it. 

I think it's getting a bit preachy and philosophical lol so I'll stop here, feel free to ask anything though...The analogy of 'growing your other functions' is applicable with this analogy. Let's say I'm right handed right, and I seek to be ambidextrous, so... I consciously train my left hand? By understanding the self, I seek to know my weakness, and improving it. You don't need to know functions to work on it. My weakness include the inability to love myself, low self-esteem, lack of self-discipline, quite neurotic, list goes on. It's just a matter on working out what are yours. The function will be worked on by itself by just seeking to improve. Functions just translate it into a language you can easily talk about and catagorise (for me).

Yeah, as I grow older my Fe is actually off the charts. As for Ni, I'm not so sure. I think my Si/Ni functions are kind of at that stage where "Now that you know it exists you have to unlearn what you learn and do it all over again" kind of stage. Most of my weakness comes from a few places, it's quite personal so I won't go too deep. I don't really have a good childhood, then my problem starts where I have no solid foundation of confidence, lack of suitable (NF type) support system, mental illness (depression), trauma, societal conditioning, and of course I'm not a perfect person and I give in to desires and stuff, I was quite heartless too as a person. Just normal stuff everyone have: "Problems". xD I think the worst issue I have is I see myself of no value therefore anything and everything I have is blown to proportion to compensate. Something something pride something not logically prone. 

I don't play CoD :( But another analogy is like: "Let's try to play this mini game!! Oh ok I'm decent. Oh, wait, they're doing this mechanic!! Can I try to do this mechanic? Crap I'm doing worse than I was by going in blind, damnit I have to get this mechanic down. OMG IT'S SO HARD HOW DID I DO IT BEFORE." Yeh, it gets frustrating, haha. I seem to attract NFPs and NTJs o.OJokes on you I already have Depression!&gt;
First, there's an expectation for girls in asian culture to mold into docile wilting flowers. Women weren't expected to be assertive. Even though the women in my family were incredibly dominant and outspoken, growing up, I tried to act out the role society dictated me to be.

That hit a bit too hard 

EDIT: As an Asian girlHmm basically I was expected to be girly and lady like no matter what I do, most of the time. But the worst didn't happen to me because I'm the only child. My cousins have it worse tho. She was the only girl in the family, and basically wasn't given any love or attention she needed. Turns out my female cousin ended up supporting her parents the most in the end, and her brothers didn't really take care of the family as much as they could. 

The way it extended to me was that my grandparents thinks females are a waste of space and not worth any value because we were gonna get married and abandon our family eventually (because our lives will become our husband's). This in turns means the amount of inheritance means how important/loved you are, even tho I had been taking care of my grandma for 12 years, and my female cousins (all unmarried) have more time and money to spend for the family. It all just meant nothing to them :( We we're all strong women who have careers and love ourselves. My cousins especially are all very smart and assertive, yet anything we do that's slightly manly is frowned upon and scolded. One of my cousin was suspected as lesbian because she never had a bf and was a Tom boy her whole life when in fact she's just an ESTJ who didn't care what they think.

I honestly don't care about money and shit. I just cared and kind of hope my family also cared. But I know I can't expect that and I know they just don't know how to show.Yes. It's also possible for introverts to have Mania.it's fine, they're both very entertaining (your writing style) and good reads (nutritional).Hmm not sure about Fe, but Fi has to filter the emotions through themselves before putting on others. Fi needs to have the experience and imagination of the other feelings before they can apply on other people/situation. Fi experiences feelings and learn to process imprints of emotions in order to build a library of them for the benefit of self-actualisation and others or their personal agenda. Fi's usefulness stems from the ability to be at peace and happy with self, in the context that Fi is healthy and wants the best. I do feel the above disturbances in my body. Especially Anxiety (very tightened feeling around chest and stomach), Sadness means I will not be able to control my tears because there's just a stream of water that wants to flow through my eyes, etc.

And no, the dog thing doesn't happen to me. You're trying to understand the process of Ne-Fi forming a view? To me at least, views can form within the context of feelings and without the context of feelings. Wouldn't that happen to everyone? Don't people fear something or dislike something based on very bad past experiences? 

An impersonal view will form more or less like this: 

- Introduced to a view (What is x?)
- Understanding what it *really* means in the context that self can understand, using symbolism or comparison and analogy (Why x?) 
- think how it can apply to self (What does it mean, especially for me?)
- think how it aligns with self by comparing memory and history (Did x happen to me before or associated around my life/things I care about?)
- refers to other opinion to seek what I'm missing (What do you think?)
- make rational arguments with self by debating on both sides (What if I'm not x, and why)
- what events does this view aspire to the world, be it peoeple or things (What did x do to the people?)

This is less personal obviously but I don't think it's necessary invaluable. So the other perspective that you directly refer to is whether do I associate my views with my feelings. Maybe? Maybe not? It doesn't always have to be that way but it CAN be that way? If I have to be honest I cannot relate your descriptions of deciding to be a vegan... As in, it doesn't sound right at all.  It's actually more likely to be this way:

- see dog getting kicked
- if I had association or attachment to dogs, it means I would define by my own accord that dogs are worth caring for for whatever reason, then I would react. Either that, or do I have any association to the act of kicking. I will most likely react with anger or disgust, a frown or a ball of gas rushing from the back of my throat to the top of my head
- if I didn't (if the FI hadn't had personal experiences with dogs) I would be apathetic, or see if I had any other value system associated with this act
- the decision to protect that dog, OR telling off the person kicking, OR the decision to not care

- see horrific videos about animal abuse
- as it is more severe I'm going to add in association with abuse, physical harm, torture, etc., to the equation. so repeat the process again, do I have association or attachment to dogs or abuse, bla bla bla.
- same as above
- NFPs are a bit more likely to want to influence or spread the idea to others that the idea of abuse is wrong, a bit before deciding to become a vegan. Most likely they have to measure and realign whether becoming vegan is a necessary just because you hold this view. (Te) Personally I'm not a vegan, so let's change that to consumerism. If a company is associated with a "Bad" act, will I stop shopping/buy their products? Most likely yes if it's not the biggest problem/their competitor is not a bad compromise.

Everytime the topic of animals came up my mind brings forth images of what is the most relevant topic to me that I choose to care about. I think about cat pics, the feelings of me never having a pet, question why don't I have an afinity with pets, why do I like adorable animals yet never desire to be an owner of one, all the thoughts that keeps going on and associated images will play in my  head.
From my other [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6u5svm/is_fi_the_least_useful_function/dlqgqyd/): 

Fi experiences feelings and learn to process imprints of emotions in order to build a library of them for the benefit of self-actualisation and others or their personal agenda. Fi's usefulness stems from the ability to be at peace and happy with self, in the context that Fi is healthy and wants the best.
This one is going to sting, but first of all I commend your vulnerability to want to open up and ask for options on how to change. I don't think Fi is useless AT ALL. I'm Fi user myself hey, but hear me out.

What I see here is your lack of confidence, and indirectly tells me how you do not know how to love yourself. 

Imagine this scenario: If I'm a woman, and I get mocked by wearing unfeminine clothes (straight edge, pants, androgynous), them saying 'Wow are you tomboy/butch lesbian/bitch you're not wearing pink lol.' How would a confident *person* respond? Note, any confident **person**, man or woman, would be able to be ok with that. Why? Because they're ok with their choice because that's what they want. They're at their best self, and they don't mind being mocked, because being mocked means nothing to her, since she's already done her best. Her love for her own expression and the ability to be ok with who they are makes it possible for her to achieve that. 

Ultimately, do you give power of feeling loved to others, or would you rather have the power feeling love for yourself?

Do you want to be that person where people deny your existence, or do you want them to respect you because you're the only one who is the most important to impress?

You claim on another post that says you are thinking logically, I don't disagree, but you don't think logically about *yourself*. You're going through this because Fi has a *need* to be actualised, from themselves. 

The other path is total denial and destruction. It's completely useless and stupidly short-sighted and non-gratifying. 

LAST EDIT: I should just make a post about Fi cuz I'm so mad aaaaaa lolPersonal experience:

- Easier to relate to INFJ (as an ENFP) but easier to agree with INTJ
- clash of judging axis, most obviously on how I'm more likely to disagree with INFjs about being selfish/selfless than INTJs who embraces the aspect their selves taken care of FIRST 
- Verbosity. INFJs are more likely to go through a very coherent wall of text, with all tangents explained in accurate/specific meaning, where INTJs have more ability to put into more symbolic, on point sentences that gives less detailed explanation in order to get the maximum meaning across at the shortest amount of time and effort
- INFJ's coldness is from complexity, INTJ's coldness is from invulnerability, both feels like alien/out of the norm
- NFJ's are more likely to mold or subscribe to gender roles and expectations, NTJs a bit less likely and want to just be their own thing
- INFJ's warmth is like the fireplace - it's private, sustainable, self-burning, illuminating type; INTJ's warmth is like a warm toffee candy - it's small and sweet, kind of child-like, melty, and tender

Things that are similar:

- eagle eye view on the world
- extremely private and knows more than they appear to be
- sometimes tunnel vision, due to bias
- broodiness
- extremely analytical
- wizards?????

BTW your parent's parenting style also might have a role in things you go through... Just a thought.
ngl I was omg too Yes please~~you?~~ (I'm joke please don't chew me)It's more about 'that doesn't sound like you' kind of thing. Consistency perhaps? Context clues as well. I can't really speak for SFPs but for NFPs it's about listening to words and translating it to context and meaning. 

I'm not sure what kind of context clues there are -- to my best ability I assume you mean what provides and explains the context. Descriptions, senses, meaning, the way they say it, the tonality, expression, what's missing... They are symbolic to me, at least. Especially tone of voice is particularly sensitive to me (might have to do with my musical or linguistic background?)

So when the clues provided seemed out of line/norm to whatever the logic or emotional rule behind the words, it would sound wonky to me? I remember Nardi talking about 'listening' in correlation to INFPs as well.

It sounded so far like Symbolism vs Causality/Si vs Ni? 

I'm pretty sure this all sound pretty generic to NFJs too, so I really don't have any more idea. But inconsistency would be a word I use. I might have to dig deeper tooNot hating but I would run away from my ISFJ aunt and rather not deal with her. &gt;_&gt; 

Perfectionist while dressing: define perfectionist? So if you were to talk about fitting in the occasion and the place, then ISFJ. INFJs are more likely to be a bit more edgy, ISFJ likely to be a bit more fancy.

In uni: their subjects probably are going to gear towards humanities, and in general service or research into the human condition. So medical, linguistic, education, psychology, that kind of scope. Few of my FJ friends are in those field, except my ESFJ cousin who studied Hospitality.



 Oh wow I never thought ru-ya was a male ever since the tarot thing. That's very interestingUnfortunately I don't think I can concretely describe my thoughts, but if I have to, imagination and memory recall are usually in pictures. Views, logic, introspection within, are usually more 'verbal' for the lack of a better wording. They're more like flashes of idea than verbal. I see verbal as a translation of purest form of ideas into words, but as you can see I have deep trouble in translating my thoughts to words in general. Ideas and association comes to me popcorn popping at the same time, simultaneously, and it's hard to pay attention to all of them, therefore once I have lost it, it'll take me some time to get back. Hope that sheds some light a bit for the ENFP side of things.

Si in ENFP probably would unconsciously compare present to past experience, similar as looking up at a dictionary, or typing in Wiki to look for established and concrete facts. Which is why I presented it as 'Symbolism'. 

With Ne on a dominant position, the reference is more as an incomplete guideline/reference, and since it's incomplete (or as I like to say, foggy), it is expanded to various possibility (throwing crap at the wall and see what sticks), then Fi/Te would chime in with context clue to decide what is the most 'possible' conclusion. Both functions have elements of 'collecting' and 'projecting' a possibility. 


A more concrete comparison would be:the female sign ♀ symbolism is represented holding up a mirror, because how females are more likely to endorse themselves with vanity and beauty. To Ne, without the knowledge of its symbolism, it could look like a cross with a meatball on it, or a stick figure with no legs. It goes everywhere because the reference is non-existent. 


(Thank you so much for your post I really appreciate it..)It's mainly more like a tool for me -- invoke self-awareness &gt; finds strength and weakness in self &gt; works on weakness &gt; understand others, etc. 

It really does help shed some light about other people too, so that's great. I really appreciate this!! Thanks :DD 

I actually know one personally xDD 

but I just associate mysticism with females in general! The male mysticism seems to me more religion-based...&gt;When stressed I tend to withdraw and draw into myself, staying in bed depressed and neglecting all relationships but sometimes (think world falling apart type stress) I'm the one coming up with the survival plan and drill sargenting it at everyone, not sleeping or eating until the problem is solved. Sometimes I can do these both at once. I can push myself extraordinary amounts which is a vast change from my normally laid back procrastination.

FIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFIFI TeAt the risk of sounding like a complete idiot, do you think they're attracted to you?It's like a lot of fish in the stream, and you're trying to catch one, but it keeps going too fast, and how agile and accurate you are determines how much you can catch. This is to mean, the information/data/idea is in front of me, the faster I am at filtering them through possibilities the faster I can have... Something.


There's no point sorting my stream of thoughts because not all of them are probably useful. If a fish literally jump at me then obviously I'm gonna grab on and pay more attention to it. This is to mean there are times some things are just more obvious than the other, then the other possibilities might be put 2nd place until resolved. 

And it all probably happens very quickly and rather effortlessly, therefore when there's too much information I go into sensory overload mode and had to internally process everything, my brain needed to hold everything else up for a while. Fortunately this is something I get used to as a child. Things that affect me this way as an adult are orchestra concert, other people's emotional argument, interesting but rapid discussion, or any new/novelty technology.This analysis of ENxP is spot-on from my perspective, especially the point of pedantic vs wanting to get across a point, and attitude towards Te.It's hard to answer this question, because at some point at anyone's life, they're bound to have something they're quite good at 'casually discussing' at, or be at, however mundane it is, and the partner of the conversation isn't. Could you probably elaborate the situation? How did it manifest? What's the relationships of the conversationalist? Why does person think it's too much to handle? Etc.*Your score is (1.28, 3.68)!*

Pretty Centrist, leaning Dank/Edgy ooooENFP, Ne-dom!

8.30pm

Ugh, I'm so tired. 

My eyes are like DROOPING, I should sleep soon. 

Wait there's one more tab I haven't finished, AAAA it's about socionics I gotta finish reading or else I will forget about it if I know finish it. 

OK, nvm, this language sounds like someone is in their 80's wrote that in the 50's. 

Yawn... omg I'm so tired, my eyes are all watery now. 

My hands, my hands are so empty, look at my phone, nope, no one replied me on anything, no message, I wonder if PY (friend) is going to reply me soon cuz she fucking said she wanna meet up tomorrow but like is she too busy to answer? Should I call her? Anxiety anxiety nooooooo 

I need to take care of myself first, I'm so tired omg it's 8.30 already. 

Ugh, this socionic page can be closed, I'll just find it back from my history tomorrow or something. This tab too, and this tab, dude why socionics have so much information UGHHHHHHHHHH CAN'T YOU ALL CONSOLIDATE TO LESS PEDANTIC WORDS. YOU DON'T EVEN MEAN WHAT THE WORD MEANS STUPID SCHOLARS ALWAYS REDEFINE WORDS AS SYMBOLIC MEANS. 

Ok, ok I have only a few tabs left. DUDE this YouTube video is 15 minutes long. Why do Anime youtubers like to make so long videos. 

Wait, they're actually worth it, OK WATCH LATER. 

Ooooh this thread on r/mbti looks shiny. Yes, OMG I WANT TO ANSWER THIS ONE. Put on my thinking cap ugu I'm so tired I need to sleep. 

OH I HAVE A NEW MESSAGE YAYYYYY. Nvm this guy is shit posting on some crap they misunderstood, ignored, I don't care about karma anyway. Who the FUCK cares about internet points, dude. Fuck, my ex totally said this, everytime I think about karma I gotta think about him. Dude, I gotta stop settling wtf. WHY CANT I MOVE ON FROM INTJS If I had a radar it's INTJs I s2g It's like drugs am I edward cullen

WOW DISCORD who the FUCK is spamming my discord. OMG YOU'RE SO ANNOYING STOP SPAMMING MY PM FUCK FACE

OOOoooh shinny thread on r/jungiantypology.. nvm I read that yesterday hahaha is this what I sound like to other people &gt;_&gt; 

this ENTP makes me question my type every fucking day ( u/Lastrevio YES YOU). 

I like this air-cond temperature if I didn't have this I might die. I AM SO TIRED OMG MY EYES ARE LIKE 1/5 CLOSING SHIIITTTTT I should probably turn off the lights. WHY IS THE BED WET DID SOMEONE'S ASS RUB IT ON THE BED????? 

Thats about 5 minutes. Not that I think having a romantic relationship is a problem, [but this link](https://www.reddit.com/r/ENFP/comments/6typey/finding_a_partner_really_doesnt_solve_all_your/) over at r/ENFP is quite a good read about ENFPs and romantic relationships.

Personally, I like Intuitives, but not because they're better, or we're more compatible, because of the serious lack of Intuitives around to have a comparison to make. I believe there's 0 sensors (there's Intuitives in my life, but not very close) who is in my support system since I was a baby, and meeting personalities that's contrast to that gives me a sense of relieve. In some ways, it's me validating myself, "Oh, I thought that's just me, but you're like that too!". It's so easy to feel comfortable with that, and then compare and project that feeling under that umbrella. Anyone would. It's so easy to forget, that I've HAD that relationship with anyone else without knowing their types, that I've HAD functional relationships with them. If I had to be honest with myself, I feel easier and better with Intuitives, but in reality, that's just not the only way good relationships can be.

My best friend is a sensor, and we had been supportive of each other. We're quite close, and we found ourselves the only person who had similar interest, back in school. That has *nothing* whatsoever to do with our types. I have to admit I couldn't get through her completely, and she didn't either. But we also can do things with each other that I never did with anyone else before. Can people completely get each other and feel satisfied? I believe that's a solid no. Everyone is kind of similar, but everyone is also kind of not. And that's the nature of *ALL* relationships, wouldn't you agree? 

MBTI adds so much bias to validate Intuitives, because there's *finally* something we can say about ourselves. It finally tells us "You are *really* special", no you're not. Do you run away in danger? Do you touch that stove again once you've been burn? Do we get mad when someone throw away things without our permission? Why the heck does these similarities not matter? Is it because everyone does that so it's to be scoffed off? 

I would never be OK that someone didn't like me because of my type... :( 

The lessons everyone can teach me is different. In general, I can be pretty tough on myself, and I usually want to know 'What I'm not seeing', which means if I were to think Intuitives are the only people who can do that, I'd be in a massive bubble of echo chamber. I choose, and try to be all-loving -- that includes me, and everyone else. it's not me i swearyou're in it too tbhWell i could use that tbh famaww thanks :DDDDD You're the first person who told me that!...There's more SFJs around me, but I don't see ISFP as rare for me personally. However it's true that I don't have much ISFP friends with deeper friendships. The quality of *cerebral* is almost a criteria to be able to have wisdom on existence, art, expression, and philosophy, they need to be able to look inwards for what it means to be themselves. 

The quality you're looking for is soulful and in-tune with emotions and the interest in the more subdued side of life. To be honest most F types especially FP types are most likely to do that.

You also look for emotionally stable and infectious people, I'd say any ExFx would largely fit your description (well for me at least). 

I personally think there's more to each type. And your descriptions sounds quite idealised, tbh. 

INFJ in my experience looks to be the most traditionally intelligent (IQ) with INFPs as close second. Eh I was thinking the ExFJs should be a bit higher up than the ExTPs. Other than that, I find that I'm able to 'russel the jimmies' of the IxTJs a bit easier than an ISFJ. 

I'm not surprised ENFP is first place but I kind of thought it's more like a 2nd or 3rd with INFP or ESFJ higher. 

But these are all anecdotal so take what you will. 

Well if it helps you find more, the bulk of ISFPs I met were in my music school when I was a child... Perhaps you might find more ISFPs on that side xD I've met at least 5 ISFPs there that I have contact on FB but don't necessarily talk. This list appears to me quickly biased towards NTFair pointMy stomach turned a littleIt is to fit the greek temperaments, sanguine/melancholy etci miss that guy but i dont think he's ever coming back :(I have no idea...Dude I saw that video with self-actualisation thing. Thank you so much for introducing this, it's very valuable and important. Thank youuu so much. 

Anyone wondering, it's [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_E9KOBEmMw), PLEASE watch it. Make time for it. It's worth every second. This movie is so freaking bad ugh

Light - IxFP

L - INFP

Mia - ISFP

James - ISTJ

Ryuuk - ESTJ

Watari - ISTJ

Why the heck is everyone Fi or Te holy shitPlay and Be Authentic - ENFP XDSo your question is: I was ESFP and then I became ENFP and my friend told me it's possible because you balance out your letters therefore S became N. But I saw the functions model and both types don't even have Ne and Se near each other to justify the change. This doesn't make sense to me, what am I missing?



Well first of all, looking at this [introduction](http://lastreviotypology.blogspot.my/2017/08/01-introduction-to-typology.html), we know that your type don't change. 

&gt; People do not change from one basic personality type to another.

So what happened here possibly was that you were mistyped, whatever the reason to mistyping was. It could be perception, honesty, incomplete knowledge, etc. 

If you're unaware of which functions you lean to, study them. The same article has short descriptions of each function, it might help you out a little. 
I usually play support or utility mage because they're harder to play in the games I play. Overall I have a utility/defense-based play style. 

Attack is fine but only if I don't have to support. I'm thinking IxFP or IxTJ -- basically Fi/Te is set but not sure Ne/Si or Ni/Se:

- estimates psychological distance = Fi
- a bit unconventional = Fi
- values efficiency and productivity = weak Te
- internal conflict -- following your own moral code but stressed out over it = Fi
- hard time following 'routine' and 'organisation' and 'finishing' = weak Si? 

INFP perhaps? /r/shittyMBTI im gonna roast myself because roast geese are so goodI don't like a lot of hyper ENFPs who get emotional or defensive very quickly &gt;_&gt;
HAH yes they areI don't think everyone recognise how Fi dom/aux hates itself... Cristine is one of the easiest for me to spot as an ENFP (another one is Ryan Higa). She's also has the 'older more well-rounded' vibe of ENFP -- without the cringe and intrusiveness

She has lots of explosive and funny ideas, very goofy and not afraid to show it. Her 'trends' that she started aren't traditionally 'beauty' trends, like the Kylie Jenner type, but 'quirky weird trends' like 100 layers and holographic in general, it's off the grid, and unapologetic. (Holo before it blew up recently is considered to be very 90's and old but she liked it because it's also shinny and has rainbow)

Pretty reasonable (her reviews and comparison) and can be serious, most obvious part is the whole clearing up about [the buzzfeed thing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMkrVlYuUBU) as clear as she can, which I saw it as 'ah this is the actual real her when you need to sit down with her and talk', which I relate to greatly. Her curiosity is child-like and infectious! 


k, my bff is ESFP, this is our difference:

 ESFPs

- more stylish. Their sense of aesthetic is very good. very very much more stylish that fits the current trend, more presentable. style is personal and not all ESFP have same style. but edge and trend setting is key. not just fashion too, music as well. they prefer the music to give good vibes and mood, if they're DJ people are probably going to like them better than ENFPs
- easier to appeal to others, because likes to look good so easier to like
- more drunk/more high????? 
- more paranoid/jump to conclusion
- more assertive
- won't bump into tables accidentally
- don't know how to sort out a stuff internally so ask ENFPs how to sort out stuff 

ENFPs 

- aesthetic is less stylish. more 'i do it because i like it'. when they care they'll go the safe route. same with music. more off-beat tastes and not necessarily always appealing. bad interpretation of trends
- less grounded, more prone to sadness than madness
- more fanatic about interests "OMG HARRY POTTER"
- more annoying
- less assertive?
- less able to stand for themselves but if it's another person they're there first
- thinks they're better
- bump into table corners all the fucking time
- more awkward
- don't know how to do stuff properly especially small task that includes hands so ask ESFPs how to do stuff

this is all anecdotal bla bla bla obviously not all are the same you get the idea

Emma Stone ENFP Envy crush

Lindsey Lohan ESFP

Jennifer Lawrence ENFJ

Matt Bellamy IDK??

Joe Cole IDK

Chris Pine Fuck IDK

Lady Gaga INFPI just want to find an ENTJ and cuddle now*FUCK* this one hurts :^)I just want to find an ENTJ and cuddle now*FUCK* this one hurts :^)ENFP here, I plan my writings too, I need to have a progression written down. It might change with time but if I don't map it out I lose it. Also it's way better for referencing and going back to look at something. It keeps writing being writing, instead of writing and planning and "ahhhh what was that again?".Who hurt youYea! "I know exactly what I was thinking now I can remember it"

Most of my projects are ambitious lol x) I try to do with smaller things...Honestly, if I were to compartmentalise my serious face and 'myself' face, most people would think my serious face *is* ESTJ. In fact, most people who don't know me would probably think I'm an ESTJ (for a lack of better word, I say ESTJ to represent their most obvious traits). 

Thus, I believe persona makes up a lot of what we perceive in a person and it's only through many other channels and aspects of life do we see what a person truly are!

Also really appreciate your humility. x)Hmmm wouldn't Gamma and Delta make more sense flipped?

Also law enforcement, do you meant like cops or like congress? It's ok! Your world is full of colours &lt;3Red probablyNOoooooooooooooooooooooooooWords are hard. I was often criticised that I was able to tell others what it feels like for them, but I can't put words to what it feels like for me because it's all a jumbled ball like a bunch of cat fur. I understand and know what I feel, I just can't quite say it. Sometimes I don't *know* why I feel that. But I know what I feel. 


Therapy helps a bit hahaha...Mfw I'm a sick fuckFinally someone gets it and not just think Si = memoryIdk.. ask????Kirito is that character who always becomes what he needs because the story needs him to be. He's different in arc 1 than like, most other arcs, and those differences just doesn't cut it if you say it's his personal growth. I also largely disagree that he is too emotional -- even if he is that doesn't make him a feeler (you ever seen a super defensive ENTJ??? Yeah) Kirito is on paper very inconsistent in this in the writing. 

Asuna is at least Fe-dom.r/shittymbti"How do I deal with toxic people"

You ignore them and stop letting them affect you. Also, if you have self-confidence issues you also need to get that checked. Clearly ignoring a problem doesn't make it go away -- but in this context, we're given 0 clues on what happened. When I'm around ESTJ it just seemed to me we knew what's obvious to each other. The problem what's obvious to each other is different sides of the same coin and it's harder to communicate that. Sounds about rightConsistently struggle to get along with STPs. Analysis of a situation and decision making - INTJ and ENTP

Hearts full of love - xNFJ

Relax and chill and live life and have fun doing everything and stop goddamnit taking myself so seriously - ESFP
Who hurt you?I usually like to play games with other people, but that being said, RPG/jRPG/MMORPG are my jam. Other than that, I love puzzle games and RTS in a sense. 

I have an aversion to platform, horror, and FPS, but if I can play with my friends I'd be more willing to try them out. You should take it as it is because that is exactly what they meant. Their expression might lead you somewhere else but often they won't soften the blow because that's their respect for you. "You deserve the truth because it's best for you". Since what you get is ideal (you're good and you should keep writing), that's all there is to it. He is being serious! He gave you his time and opinion. 

They're incredibly straightforward people especially asked. Their way of seeing rude, if they were even offended to begin with, is more or less not being respected as an individual with their own decision, which is the same thing you've displayed here 'did he doubt that I'm too dumb???'. They would have same concerns 'did they doubt I can't make my own choice?? I'm not a sheep' (to paraphrase) 

Anyway, to address your concern, that you felt it was a bit rude he looked incredulous and was surprised, the way I resolve it is I try to recognise that it was my reaction towards the perceived 'criticism'. How I do it is usually ask, 'why did you ask if I spell checked it'. Proposing a stance from curiosity about their action without assuming is my go-to, it's very straightforward. Their answer usually satisfies me, do you think that would work perhaps?

Hope it shed some different light. I agree the polr Fe could be abrasive for those who don't recognise it. Happy cake day!Prolly ENFPYou need a break.Natsuki ESTJ 

Monika is EZ af she's ENFJ

Sayori is ENFP? ESFJ?

Yuri is hardest for me but INFx is what I'm thinkingAm depressed ENFP - Sayori does look like that but and ENFP is going to be a bit more self-absorbed than that. No, not really, no. ouch that hurt Woman ENFP here, it seemed like the ENFPs around you are happy! I'm glad. 

The truth is circumstances, social environment, and barrage of other reasons could contribute to that, sometimes it's great for an ENFP to thrive and have good relationships, sometimes it's not. Most ENFPs I know do not fit what you've said, including myself, but I understand why you say what you said. To me it's more of a there's more than meets to eye thing. &gt; Oh no they had major issues, mostly psychological. The thing is though I felt great around them, despite that. Whenever I interact with an xNFP type it feels like we're in our own world where it's just me and the other person and I feel the other person feels the same.

Do they tho? I mean, I'm sure at some level they are, but it's not very easy for ENFPs to *actually* show you what they don't want to, because you won't even think it exists, unless they trust you. 

&gt; Do you think there really is more than what meets the eye?

Haha I wouldn't know right being ENFP myself

&gt; Btw, go find yourself an ENTP. He'd be the clingiest, most touchy feely, lovey dovey partner ever hahaha.

I find ENTP's Fe very clumsy, also they're all in or all out in a second, which is frustrating because I'm the slow cooker type. I have a few ENTP friends and we get along well with all the random AF silliness, but at some point I feel overwhelmed, but at the same time I don't want to stop them being their own self. It's very easy for me to say something they perceived as a 'no zone' and they wouldn't want to pursue furthermore, where I was just curious about them as a person. It could be a healthy relationship but so far I don't find any ENTP finds me attractive and I them. You don't have to answer, but what kind of uneasiness do you feel when you're not longer around them? I feel like we're talking about 2 things tbh.Spot on! That's what I wanted to say and you said it more eloquently, just like you said! That's exactly what I felt between me and ENTPs. I believe this is the Fi-Te/Ti-Fe axis' doing. Thanks for answering.Honestly? The things that ENTPs impressed me the most is how they're able to swallow their pride because they want to make everyone else feel ok. 

Oh also not to take themselves too seriously. ENFPs are very serious people.

ESxJYour post is so cute! Here's mine

ESTJ - smart and competent, but very loud and very commandeering, makes very crude jokes, loves trash talking because it's absolutely just spewing harmless garbage that they don't mean, silently swallow negative impact from doing those things, then becomes edge lord at some point.

ESFJ - gossip, drama, gossip again, vain, nonetheless cares about making everyone feel comfortable, actually very career driven, and always wants things to be better, sometimes doesn't have a sense of boundaries

ISTJ - quiet, observant, actually has a lot of thoughts in their head but never express them, bad at social interaction, but takes care of people he trusts. 

ISFJ - secretly breaks a lot of rules but never gets caught, tries hard to keep everything in check, frugal, hard working, quiet, caring

ESTP - RED ALERT RED ALERT DO NOT APPROACH 

ESFP - popular, very pretty, super social and can seem like flirting, but actually very insecure and have serious lack of confidence

ISTP - tried to get along, feels one sided

ISFP - very neat, likes flowery/girly aesthetics, neat handwriting, surprisingly very conflicting kind of person

ENFP - very influential/contagious, ring leader of whatever thing that is to be ring leader about, knows everyone, annoyingly child-like 

ENFJ - always the class monitor, responsible, a lot of orbiters like the ESFP, but they're usually not 'boys', but 'followers' 

INFP - neat, loves books, loves talk about nerdy stuff with me, my partner in all things fandom, most common interests with.  

INFJ - very smart, insights cuts through like a laser, only fights when needed

ENTP - go awayyyyyy i'm trying to concentrate. hyperactive, can't stop talking to me whenever we get to sit next to each other. calls me 'babe' to annoy me. trouble maker, literally a monkey. gets sent to the discipline teacher all the time. everytime i talk to him i can't stop debating about shit, and then i told him 'omg did you xxxx', and he would go along with it. funny dude but lmao

ENTJ - the highest ranked prefect in our school. stupidly handsome and intimidating. very smart. wants to get close but bail out cuz i was a coward. actually really kind and tries to get along (with girls), always surrounded by people. handles others well but himself (I mean the inf-Fi). every teacher trusts him. no one dislikes him, the typical golden boy. the first ENTJ to say 'you get what you see' to me. makes me think (OK I HAD A CRUSH ON HIM DON'T JUDGE)

INTP - loner. i don't think they have any 'close' friends. knows a lot of trivia yet humble and keeps to themselves. great at piano. went to study PhD in Physics in Oxford. published a book. (GUYS IM SERIOUS THAT'S AN INTP FEMALE BTW)

INTJ - 'distant friends'. actually have a nice friendship, they can be awkward. hard to read. no. 1 student. never seen him not score 100% in maths. teaches me if I ask nicely. 
 No, I'm actually really airheaded IRL (the bad kind) so I use assertion and honesty to overcompensate (not always with success). With men I'm confident with I usually fake my best self because it is a defensive mechanism -- I don't trust them to handle what I have to offer. 

I'm more likely seen as more bitchy/fiery/rawr, most people would think I'm ESTJ if they don't know me at all. I am more likely to make others uncomfortable (whether purposefully or not) by putting them in situations they don't like because of my own goals of wanting to know them as a person. Candidness, I guess? I'm blind to how others are unwilling to be vulnerable or their own insecurity because I'm secure with mine. This trait of mine doesn't necessary attract men, especially where I'm from. Assertion - mostly to be less compromising and make decisive decisions. Also not afraid to be opinionated as long as what I come up is the best I could. Use humility and sincerity to compensate if it comes off as rude

Relationships - I only have relationships where I don't have to be anything. That's why if I have to fake it, it probably didn't become a thing. I'm trying to change it but it's a process. I could miss out a lot of things just because I say no at the beginning. A lot of men I meet is emotionally stunted. Perhaps I'm just not meeting enough people, so I wouldn't think this is necessarily true to everyone. I want a companion and an equal, someone I can lean on but also willing to lean on me. Most people I met want what I can offer outwardly as a person, but never really get to know me because they never ask the right questions. Perhaps put me on a pedestal? Most successful relationships I have, I'm the instigator. It's just how it tends to work. Personality won't win people over without being the whole package. (Actually an ESFJ told me otherwise, but I just laugh inside lol) 

Social Engineering - I'm foreign to this concept... The way I engineer relationships is that I have a lot close proximity 1 on 1 relationships with everyone in the same social group, and I do things in private and in behind the scenes. Talk to them, quality conversations. I would know information from one person and I would use it (without like exposing secrets of course). But yes, I tend to run experiment on the person to see how they react, with or without knowing. If I were to do it properly it would take so much time and effort because I basically want to know about anyone I care about, which is actually a lot of people... I can't do the 'I do this, to force you do x', thing. Usually things happen because I was reactive to something else, sometimes I may or may not ride off that to manipulate a situation. 

Hmm it's personal but it's some toxic stuff. I don't think all ESTPs are like that tho just that one girl that I remembered the most. Yes I am considered emotionally sensitive, but I'd have to know what is your definition tbh. 

Underhanded? Not really. It's usually the opposite -- I'm a very open and honest person. I'm quite straightforward, because if I can't say things straight, I don't say it at all. It's either I never get confronted about it or that they understand why I need to keep things private.

ENFPs are very oblivious to how people see them sometimes... So that answers both your friend's situation and kind of also made my previous paragraph a bit unreliable. Use your own judgement :P

I'm not surprised if people think I'm less intelligent than I actually am, because you would only know that if you try to find out yourself. I might get annoyed if they don't get to the point and slow down for me to catch up. (it's more of a 'get to the point already!!!' thing) I'm not really confident either so sometimes I just let it happen and doesn't have a need to want to proof them wrong. 

That and often a lot of females have the need to be... Less intimidating, and acting dumb usually is one way of doing it, because as ENFPs we can get really excited and enthusiastic about the possibilities of the things we like. We neglect our physical needs, and how we carry ourselves. At one point in my life, someone was trying to "groom me" (for the lack of a better word) to be more lady-like, because they were trying to help me with my self-confidence. It was icky and I felt like it was everything against my own being and I don't want to conform to a certain way of behaviour just to learn how to love myself more. While I definitely have learned something, I didn't like it. 


It's actually too difficult to talk about overaching theme to my life, because there's too many aspects and there's too many things I'm constantly focusing on. Maybe one of the goal is definitely self-actualisation. I can't really sum it up with words, sorry. It's a big process, life is, but that can be said about everyone. I don't really think 'discovering new feelings' is the reason why I look forward to life. I actually want to achieve things more - get this done, get that done, make myself happy, make others happy. It can be big or small scale. And they don't all have something in common. 

Well like I said ENFPs take themselves too seriously -- they're more likely to be a team player for something they want to be a part of. :P I myself don't like to party at all. Social gatherings and outings and meetups are fine. But party.... EHHHHHHHHH. It makes me feel uncomfortable -- not my element. I wish I'm not, really. =/



I actually just like being interviewed :eyes: 
(ask her out already) aw awww. Well thanks for sharing! Yeah ENTJs are usually quite impressive people, I met a new friend who is (maybe) an ENTJ and I love her to bits! I actually can take a lot of criticism, because as time goes by you're bound to get some and sometimes it's just suck it up and moving forward. However, I took what you said to mean 'emotionally in-tune'. I do have tendency to act like a butt hurt kid but it's very hard to say if that's the real me because things get confusing when you have depression. 

I am completely aware some people can think that it is underhanded, what I mean here is I know how it could look like. I don't really mind -- as much as perspective and reputation matters, I standby the fact that I know what I'm doing, it's not like I purposefully go and make out with someone to make my friend jealous, or say words to test people out -- *that's* underhanded. It's more or less about revealing a thought/be vulnerable about something that has shock value, and use that to measure what kind of psychological distance is appropriate with them. It's totally just an opinion man.

The vibe I get from ENTPs usually is 'tread carefully', that I shouldn't get personal with them -- well because it takes a very long time to rough out the edges and ENTPs actually withdraw/defend more than I'd like from my perspective. They just hurt each other unconsciously and it's very tiring (I say hurt, I mean like, make each other uncomfortable??).Well I'm glad I'm able to help :EHey thanks maneee :)) I agree with this -- it doesn't apply to INFJ. For them it's maybe same with the FP one.Most Fe-doms in my family are fierce.I've thought about this and there's no way it can't be true -- you're instilled upon completely different values and thought process, it changes people especially how your parents dictate a bit part of your life when you're growing up. We are born with our types and that's nothing different here, but it creates other kind of causation. 

The types that are dominant where I'm from is probably some sort of IxFP type. Growing up I've always thought the desirable trait of a person is introversion, just to grow up and find out it's completely different somewhere else. Ambition is sometimes frowned upon (you're seen as not knowing your place and ungrateful, non-conformist). Achievers sometimes attract shifty eyes for their competitive behaviour and ambition. 
Ne is stronger in this. You literally spell out how you can't settle/unable to make judgement calls because there's too many variations. That's a Ne problem.

I took a test and it's the correct type, that was all there is. I was really lucky. If you really want me to say a time-frame, I'd say like 1-2 years, but that's because I doubt my results and was not health mentally. There might be some correlation but there's a lot more exceptions than you think.

I known a few doms, ENTJ ESFP INFP INTP. I really don't see any correlation other than they're all males. I know a lot of subs as well, but they come in all types (I just happen to have more friends who are subs)

The biggest is that I notice Ne-dom/aux (any xxNP) are likely to be switches, and get misunderstood of their role outwardly. (Personally most people assume I'm dom, which is wrong) Males are harder to tell, females are most likely sub, both are like to be switches.. If they're non-binary or trans it's even harder to predict. Malaysia :)Extroversion is favoured where you are encouraged to do group work, open spaces, speak what you think, act first think later, etc. Asian cultures value the people who could hold back not standing out because it's a sign of humility or wisdom to not be embarrassed. 

I'm thinking ENFJ is rarer than NTPs, which is rarer than NTJs. Something like that. I know a lot of NFPs and some INFJs. Most of my family is SJ. A lot of social groups are SPs, especially for male ISTP.Yeh, that's a way Ne works, where you can see 1 thing and you see 10 things, and it becomes incredibly frustrating to decide what it actually is. It's so inherent you can't even control it. I had that problem few years ago, and it's gotten better. Hope it's like that for you in the future.Hm, it's 2am, you have to be in Asia or Australia? 

Anyway, things like keeping to themselves, introspection, not standing out, keep own company, observation, think before act, likely to be left alone, comfortable with silence, 'save face', not expressing outwards feelings, detachment, sentimentality, thoroughness, wisdom, being cerebral, I'd consider these very introverted leaning traits (not that extraverts can't be them it's just they favour other traits naturally).Smh NVM you're the Filipino person from the other thread hahahaha I blame 2am as well.Indeed especially the mature ones -- they're still very Fe it's just they could give way and grasp that Fi if they really want to. A lot of things are still very Fe-Ti, especially if it's a very Chinese-based social environment. Oh I suddenly realised why I can spot secret couples but others can't. xSTJ for men no doubt, ISFx for women. Dude a potato empire sounds like a pretty rad thing. I'm not talking about just farming, but like all the businesses that you can relate with potatoes.

I only think about that cuz potato is probably one of my favourite foods.. and favourite insult O_o ("Doto is for potato") Thinking ESFP or ISFP. If not then ENTJ. hey thanks famMost things by CLAMP, most Magical Girl series (includes Sailor Moon, Cardcaptor, Yuki Yuuna and Madoka, etc), Yuri Kuma Arashi, Mawaru Penguindrum, Revolutionary Girl Utena, Flip Flappers, Little Witch Academia (Actually most things by TRIGGER is very ENFP except Kill la Kill), Law of Ueki, WIXOSS series, Howl's Moving Castle, Kamisama HajimemashittaI'm ENFP 4w5 here. What you wrote here was essentially what I had been through. However if it's just by cognitive preference ENFP is correct for me. A lot of things you said sounded like you confused Fi and introversion. 

Differences between ENFP vs INFJ:

- ENFPs knows what they're feeling but might take some time to know why; INFJs will react to what they're feeling but don't know what it is

- ENFP's brand of empathy is 'imagine you are x', INFJ's brand of empathy is 'I am x'

- ENFP's wants their feelings to known without saying (for 4's, they're dying to express it and heard, if not for their shame to admit), INFJ's wants their feelings shown by serving to others what they need (I think?). 

ENFPs have a need to be self-reliant, competent, perfectionist, independent... Because they want to be efficient and they want to be of use for others and do their best. That's Te and Si. I can't tell you how painfully obvious how you are kind of going through the same thing I did. 

IDK, call me oblivious but a lot of your INFJs description doesn't sound right to me either... 

I have a lot of silences when I communicate to other people because my brain is churning out the best things I can say. I don't mind being by myself, actually I have a need to be by myself. Many people can't see through me because I know what I'm willing to reveal and what not to, and I throw them off by showing something that sounded/looked revealing but it's just something I don't care for others to know. I have layers and layers and layers of thoughts connected to my reactions and words, I am reactive. I sometimes forget to stop thinking as well. I used to not want to share my feelings, sometimes I still do because I'm ashamed or not confident to stand by my decisions. So IDK how this resonates with you but this is what I can think of for now. If you have anything to ask I'm glad to answer.Sasuke - INTJ

Kirito is written to be whoever he needs to be.

Lelouch is xNTJ. 

There's way too many posts on this sub and r/INFJ about Kirito... He's a blanket character written to fit whatever purpose he needs to be. 

Lelouch is a mastermind - not saying INFJs can't be but Lelouch's Ni, Te, and Fi is really obvious to me. &gt;You did also meantioned about Enfp's wanting to be perfectionist and I think this is the first time In hearing this because I have read INFJ being perfectionists.

Te wants job efficiently done, tert-Te wants it done the best it could and then ENFPs gets really harsh on themselves for not doing what Si had imagined 'perfect' to be. 

&gt; layers

Precisely, the layers are so many to explain that if I start at one point I have to explain all of them, and if I don't they won't get it then I might as well don't do it to begin with, because it's very exhausting. If your reasoning has to do with shame, it might have to do with type 4. 

ENFPs are serious people to begin with, that's why they're so easy to tease and sometimes without delicacy it hurts because they take themselves seriously... That's the Fi trait. 

&gt; My strongest weakness is that I over think ALOT, my family members and friend tell me to stop thinking so much, I try to but it is just that I think about different thing from ideas to experiences I try to think of what other people think of the same thing,I try to see from different perspectives [ I dig ALOT] and I am thinking maybe because of my 4 《Invidualist》 and 5 《Inspector》. I don't know if you have read this above but people I know know me as an observer and analyzer.

I had about 20 of my friends taken [Johari window](http://kevan.org/johari) and I scored about 39% Observant at 2nd place (first place is Friendly at 50-60%). Interpret as you please but being observant is what my some of my friends that I considered close commonly thinks of me. 

&gt; maybe/might

Because to Ne there's always exceptions -- therefore Fi says there cannot be absolute. It is to valid those exceptions because chances are they can see it and it's annoying to have to defend 'of course exceptions exists' every time. 

&gt; Confusion between Fi and Introversion

You think you're socially drained quickly because you're introverted. ENFPs feels drained because how mundane it is to meet new people. The etiquette, the smiling but not really happy, the need to impress or please, the socialising.... It's soooo draining. Also for me it's because I am jaded and nothing surprises me anymore, it made me skeptical, because having expectations and get let down immediately makes me very tired and not want to have any expectations. I rather spend time doing things I know I will 100% like or need to do (duty) instead. Being jaded also means you have to care about yourself not being exposed to shitty people because I used to so innocently believe everyone simply are good. I don't tell my 'closest' friend everything because I don't trust her to handle the aforementioned 'layers' that I may unload to her and get nothing back. I don't just want to vent, I want a solution. 

Mystery when described for ENFP is an enigma, something they don't understand, which the next most common word is 'mystery', which is actually a bit different. ENFPs are, in most ways, weird in their own way, and out of touch to most people's reality. The 2nd part comes from knowing how to construct themselves to only reveal what they choose to. 

For a lack of eloquent way to say this, Fi wants to keep their feelings inside. Introverted feelings. 

&gt; What you said about wanting to be useful is something I strongly strive for, you said this is due to my [Te] and [Si], does mean that I have developed these functions? My friend once told that it was as If I was a thinking type which I'm not.

Fi = Te, Ne = Si. It's a bit more like handedness... You use one hand all this time, and suddenly life demands you to use the other one, and if you want to adapt you have to learn. You already know how to use Te Si, it's just as you grow you get better at it. 

&gt; 4w5

Type 4 deals with indepence, stems from envy and shame, they care about how others see them. 4 is the core, 3 or 5 are possible wings for type 4, I'm 4w5 SO/SX.

As a 4 I want to be true to myself and my fullest potential, but I also tend to withdraw whenever I face a situation. More specifically, I am tritype 459 which is a "triple withdrawn" tritype -- due to this tritpe, I am going to *look* like an introvert, but I know I'm not. 

I do fit a lot of stereotypes ENFPs have, but a lot of them I don't either. I can be energetic when it calls to be, but my default mode is more 'curious', 'absorbing' and 'distracted'. I don't relate to a lot of "I can't settle" issues ENFPs have... If anything I can't settle with it's what I feel. I'm usually quite decisive and I don't always go looking for the next best person in romantic relationships. I keep many many friendships I have for years, because I make a constant effort to keep them. I kind of always end up being many of my friend's 'therapist friend' -- they come to me whenever they need something figured out, especially it's in the inside. If no one else has higher Te I'm usually the first one to put things into motions or organise stuff. I'm an excellent secretary for anything that requires me to be a secretary as well, such as recording things and organising a group. I'm not really assertive but I sometimes might accidentally self-insert in other people. I can get fiery but it's usually at the last straw. 

For ENFP traits that I fit, I'm best at group relationships and translating other people's POV. I provide validation (not via compliments but acknnowledgement and recognision), and I find myself always end up in powerful positions (outside of work) not because I'm responsible, but because I offer a different perspective. 

EDIT: aaaa you edited your post now I'm not sure what difference it was haha

EDIT2: Ok I have one more thing. For an ENFP, I'm probably less bored than most other ENFPs, because I'm constantly looking around and have thoughts associated with it, especially when I'm alone, I often don't check my phone other than worry if someone important messaged me, or what time it is. If I'm on a train I'm too busy looking at people, the station names, what it feels like... (compared to 9 out of 10 people looking at their phones) I find it easy to enjoy things if I want to. 

EDIT3: I hope I've done enough to convince you, that you're not an INFJ but ENFP 4w5 instead that grown up because life demands it. ISFJ &gt; ESFJ &gt; ENFJ &gt; INFJ &gt;&gt;&gt; IxTP &gt; xxFP &gt; ExTP &gt; IxTJ &gt; ExTJ maybe?INFJ = tired tired tired eyes

INTJ = intense 

xSTJ = assuring but emotionless, cold

Ne = wide eyes, looking everywhere

ESFP = is it just me or their eyes are always so seductive??


I am &gt;:( 2&gt;Side note: the words you use are words I not used to I'll have too look them up ahah.

Ahaha what are some of them? Maybe I'll learn something 

&gt;Hmm so there is two different [Te]'s ? Te and [Tert - Te]. From what I get "tert-Te" causes the harshness so this means I have stronger tert- Te (I'm my worst critisezer). Could you possibly explain it in more detail or give links to where I could read about these things.


Well, the easiest way to explain it is that Te in ENFP is on the tertiary position, which makes you feel good to use it but you use it rather clumsily. It gets the job done but not always as mature as a Te-dominant or a Te-auxillary. Here's a [link](https://funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com/post/93902656049/how-te-acts-in-all-4-positions) here for that in a simple way. 

&gt; I'm very serious at times and in general It's hard to make me laugh (I'm not stiff or "serious serious"), I just don't find what other people find funny, funny. What most people find funny, I find it to be a normal thing or I find it lame (jokes) and at times where people crack up I just smile to not be seen as "weird" but the weird thing is that I find things funny that other people don't (I'll be the only one laughing sometimes).

I used to be like that. I have a very offbeat humour, but sometimes I find myself easier to laugh when it's with other people. I actually laugh at my own jokes way too much because it's so funny in my head lol.

&gt; If someone disrespects me or do the "mind game" I can get aggressive, usually I'm good with mind gaming but when it comes to my family members.. I can't handle it and I think because my family is where I feel most comfortable and relax. The thing I can't take is being disrespectful, if have told someone that I don't want him/her to disrespect, that I'm sensitive to this and they do this I explode but my anger comes out as tears, I don't like shouting so I cry not always though, there are times where I get angry and I argue while crying but it's very rare (I try to hold back my tears because I don't want to show my sensitiveness).


Yeah, that's pretty on point. I find that my anger turns to hurt. Then it translates to tears and sadness -- when I'm like angery GRRR it's when I'm mad for other people or some sort of misconduct that affects many people. Or that I realised I should be angry but it was an anger that didn't get expressed. I get really loud and provoked and want to do things about it.


&gt; Infact my second strongest weakness is that I take things waay too seriously + I overthink it. Seriously I wish I wasn't like this, this makes it hard for me to socialize, my friend always tells me that I take things seriously and personally and she tells me to be more easy going [ She's an assertive ENFJ]. I wish I was more easy going but I honestly don't know how, this might be due to my turbulence.

Classic :ok_hand:


&gt; This is my first time hearing about [Johari window] and I would like to know more about this, feel free to give links or information of any sort.

Why not just try out the link with your friends and see where it goes? It was ages ago when I did research on it so I don't remember my sources anymore. (I only recently did the experiment again tho) 

&gt; "Ne thinks there are exceptions therefore Fi says there cannot be absolute", so does this mean that Fi obey the Ne? I'm doubting about which one I use more..

Uhhh, not entirely like that, but Ne will take more importance than Fi. For ENFPs it's Fi working for Ne, but for INFP's it's Ne working for Fi. [This thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7mg6ja/tell_me_what_is_going_on_here_it_describes/) while they're talking about Ti Ne it's similar how it works for NFPs.

&gt; I think my Te Is stronger than my Si, I'm not good with detailed things and duties. Sometimes even though I am feeler I make decisions with my head, for example I'll think which opinion will be more beneficial? My heart is telling me that this is boring and tiring but my brain tells me that "this will help you in the future, just bear with it, your heart is selfish and only wants what feels good "now".

Fi-Te is X therefore Y, "what do you want" then, "how do we get it". It is far-sighted and wants to be consistent. But I don't agree that's making decisions with your head. That's just how the Fi-Te axis works -- understanding what you want and need, then make the most efficient decision based on your capacity. See [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXCnhWVC8yY) about judging axis and how I'm pretty sure you're not Fe-Ti. 



&gt; Hmm, so is this why ENFPs can be mysterious ? Is it because they want to hide their weirdness ? Could explain about "enigma" and "ENFPs mysterious side" in general. This is where I don't match with my type because ENFPs are known to be open and oblivious to small things but I'm the opposite I pay attention to the smallest things and I'm known as the mysterious one.


ENFPs to me are hardly mysterious. They're annoying AF HAHAH (ok there's a lot of going on there, so bare with me). I see myself in other ENFPs, their mistakes, their growth, their flaws, and I relate to seeing a live version of me. I do have below average self-confidence, so it made me jealous that they can still be happy about being who they are despite all these. It's a kind of bitterness and jealousy. 

But other types don't see it that way. It's hard to explain, so I'll just use one exchange I had with this ENTP to give you 1 example of why they think ENFPs are mysterious. [SUUPPER long read](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7klqsa/pros_of_being_a_feeling_type_over_thinking_type/drhafdc/). 

ENFPs are oblivious to unrelatable things. Big or small. ENFPs are able to craft/imagine to empathise because they construct experiences and emotions like a chef making a new dish. For example, grief is sadness + loss + the unimaginable future where our hopes and dreams have to change, something something like that. Fi and Si helps build a library of experiences and data and consolidate it to a specific recipe. They sometimes hit the spot, sometimes they don't, but most of the time when it does it's because ENFPs have been through it exactly or witness it enough times that it cannot be wrong. 


&gt; The reason why I didn't feel like an ENFP is that ENFPs are known to come up with ideas like a machine, I do come up with ideas too but I don't go crazy about it like "we are gonna do this and then we're gonna do that or maybe the other one",because there's always a possibility but it may also not happen. However if I the possibilities come true I get over joyed.

Nahhhhhhh. Ne aren't idea machines. They might relate a bit to brainstorm but for ENFPs it's about seeing a connection seemingly out of nowhere. Ne is 'x relates to x relates to x relates to x'. I saw a golf ball, I think of Trump, I think of his red tie, I think skinny ties are sexy, I think of suits, I think of the TV show Suits, and I think about law, and I think lawyers are just a bunch of TPs debating but legalised and legitmatised, list goes on. I just went from golf from law system in what, 5 seconds. 



&gt; " observing" and "distracted" sounds like me. Just like you, I'm not the type who jump from one to person to another rather I stay loyal to one person, strong connection and realishinships are the most important things for me in fact it is always others who leave me, I'm always the one who gets betrayed. I think the most important thing is to strengthen a relationship with one person, one friend one significant other, this how you build bonds in relationships, you grow and learn through the obstacles you face and this is what makes it interesting. I'm also the therapist "the psychologist" both in my family and my friends, it's exactly like you said, they come to me if they have trouble figuring out something and mostly their feelings, when they are facing problems with their other relationship.


Do you start to feel spooky now? If not I'll tell you that's how I feel about loyalty. I even have the same problems as you do.

&gt;"Other people's POV"? I didn't get this.. ahah could you give a brief explanation/definition.

When there arises argument of 2 parties and I'm a bystander, I am able to exactly (or close to) see where they come from, even if I disagree or foreign to it. Then I'm able to translate that POV party A has to party B, using the kind of language that party B would be receptive of to understand. IDK it's an innate thing I suppose. Also to add I think conflict and confrontations aren't all bad because when done right it gets things moving forward or at least achieve some kind of understanding. Even a bad result is a kind of understanding.

I want to say soemething about over thinking. With Te, sometimes it's just so much easier to organise thought process and what to do about things when you talk about it. Text, letters, conversations, I just automatically would see what I'm missing and my problems get solved. While I did say, "I don't want to vent", but I do have a lot of times I need to talk to someone because I recognised I have a solution, which is that I need a bouncing wall to reflect what I can't internally organise in my head. (not enough skill points in introspection) 


Personal question, do you have any sort of mental health problems? Don't have to answer if you don't wanna it's totally ok. 

I'm glad to help :E

EDIT: Bonus links you also might like 

https://funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com/post/94250835300/how-fi-acts-in-all-4-positions&gt;ISTP - molten aluminum

O_o

&gt;hydrochloric acid

Not sure if .jpg

&gt;soylent

XDDDDDD

&gt;olive oil mixed w/ river water

Who drinks that??.... Oh I get it now

&gt;earl grey tea




~~...WHY YOU PUT MY FAVOURITE DRINK AS MY FAVOURITE TYPE AAAA~~&gt; To be honest I don't know the major differences between when it comes to decision making Fi- Te and Fe-Ti. Any examples you can give?

I gave you the links on the phrase "this video" on the my previous post... It'll tell you what you want to find out. 

&gt; See, your telling me that you hardly find ENFPs mysterious but this what I get all the time "you're mysterious, your not open, you're introverted", If I add this with the INFJ traits I have, I sound like INFJ even to myself.


Their subjective perception while valid, doesn't seem to be align with your perception of mysterious. You might think INFJs are mysterious, they might think ENFPs are mysterious. It really doesn't mean they're mysterious in the same way. It just means they are mysterious to them. It's not an objective word. Both types can be mysterious to a person who have never been exposed to or dealth with an ENFP's more calm and internally intense side. When we associate mysterious we need to realise INFJs are rare and their inner workings are different than most people therefore it is not 'normal' in relation to the society. ENFPs are easy to me because we go by (with exceptions) similar inner working and it's very easy to have matching ideals. It doesn't mean everyone else should or could think that way. It's completely subjective. You are free to think this trait are more suitable to INFJs but please let the benefit of the doubt sink in that you could be weird in an interesting way to someone else that they haven't thought about before. Or that your reservation meant there's more to meet the eyes but they can't figure out. Or whatever possibility you can think of. You will then realise it is objectively possible.


&gt;How is it when it comes to their smartness and intelligence ? What you said about ENFPs relating to this " because they have been through this". I can relate to things and make assumptions even when I have not been through it. Is being smart common for ENFPs? What about intelligence I mean there different types of smart but I get " judge situations" smart, I'll know what the other person want, how they are feeling, I get vibes and I easily read different " situations" and feelings where most people are unaware and oblivious. Of course there I are times I'm unaware but it's when I'm distracted with something or thinking about something but I mostly pay attention. I have also heard that I am intelligent so I wondered in what way it could be. I believe I have emotional intelligence.



I don't believe types have anything to do with intelligence. How do we even measure it? IQ (heavily skewed towards NTs)? Exams (Memorise all the answers and formats)? Trivial knowledge (enthusiasm and curiosity)? Language? Emotional? 

Humans are capable or learning and mastering a skill if they spend enough time and effort into it, who is to say intelligence can't be cultivated? IMO it has no correlation -- thinkers just have more practice for their whole lives in their thinking functions and vice versa. I've met dumb INTPs and smart ESFPs. 

I don't want to say you are your illness, but going through a Psychological illness such as Anxiety and Depression is going to mellow you out. Speaking from experience here. I'm 4w5 SO/SX.
We have to recognise what are functions and what aren't... I'm not sure which aspect you seem to have issues with other people. If it's the fact that you can't believe in yourself, then this is where you apply your thinking to solidify your conclusions without improvisation. If it's because other's words can't be unheard, then perhaps you need to put more values on your own. 

It's pretty straightforward at least from my pov. You can listen to what someone has to say but in the end it still have to go back to you on what you decide is the most accurate, through thinking, research, referring etc. 
Osha and then Jamie Lannister then Varys. Hmmmmm

[Link for myself](http://mygotcharacter.com/CKGKKKAKBDAKHK.html)Hmmm I usually think people care about themselves a tad more than others. It's not to say people won't judge, but judging is inevitable so you might as well just do your best and not regret it. Can't please everyone right? If I were to assume people who I don't know or understand would always put focus on me, it would mean I have an inclination of doing that. Let's say a scenario: I finished school and just walking home. What would I be paying attention to? 

"Oh I can finally go home." 

"This is the way home." 

"I have to be careful crossing the road." 

"I'm so hungry."

"I wonder if I have time to finish homework today."

Do you notice a trend? All I've been thinking about is myself. My surroundings, my safety, my needs. I obviously see other ordinary people in the streets but it doesn't mean I will pay attention to them. They're just "ordinary people" to me. To them I'm just 'a school girl in uniform going home'. Not 'ugly bitch who is too fat for her own good walking home, she should stop trying to exist in this world'. Well they could, but why would I care about what this person thinks, lol, it's toxic. 


Ppeople in the society is just trying to live and survive. They're just trying to get by. They are just minding their own business. They don't have the extra attention to pay to someone who doesn't stand out in some way, not saying you don't stand out... But you even said you don't like attention so I doubt you want to stand out. So why would I assume they cared about what I'm like as long as I'm not doing anything to stand out?

There's also the aspect of people and their judgement... This is what I have to say. You will get judged no matter what. Actually, you can't make any decisions without judging. I would go out a limb and say some judgement is needed and good. So since it's inevitable and no one actually care about you before they judge you, then I better actually care about things that matter like myself, my friends, and my family. I don't need to expend energy to worry about things that won't affect me. (I mean it's still a learning process for me too)

Also might I note I don't really have problems with anxiety so it's more of a how I think kind of thing, I'm not entirely sure how it will help, so there's that hahaYes, but not the way you did. I would understand someone's vibe and still play with fire. A lot of times I don't listen to my gut because, well, it has been wrong. 

Am I afraid of being vulnerable? Yea. But I have to take a leap of faith anyway because I can't go by my guts all the time. 

People say follow your guts. I say it's bullshit because my default mode is my guts and it didn't mean jackshit. I say acknowledge your guts but you still have to work out what you have to do to get what you want. 
Hachiman is at least Ti-Fe. Yukinon is the INTJ.Hmmm, yes that's what I was like. I used to either live in the past or the future, never the present. And it's hard. And having depression more than a decade will eat you alive. I am very careful nowadays on what I spend my mental energy on -- the less productivity the less I'm going to focus on, since I'm really really trying to get better.

Focusing on my present and taking in life step by step grounds me and puts me into mindful state. I still think about future or speculate much it's just I'm a bit more mindful, as if I had to replace all the times I'm not present.

I don't think my illness will ever go away, it'll be there always now, but I can cope. 

Hey I'm glad you got something out of this all &lt;3 

You should try r/ENFP, it's more likely you're gonna find people like yourself :P ENFP's with 4w5 isn't as uncommon. So uh I'm curious do you speak any Chinese or Japanese? because you used their symbols as parenthesis. I speak 6 languages and Mandarin is my mother tongue. :P那你先在... 在外留学？

I knew itttt your way of translating your thoughts to words reminds me of how a Japanese would do. I asked are you there to study? 

Probably, I wouldn't know xDHis posts started from this sub and I've already read most of it. I even commented on some of the posts on Reddit :P Nice! 

No I haven't studied abroad XD Oh I would, it's just there wasn't a right time and place at my life right now. Maybe one day it'll happen :)))Well, what are you thinking about? If you wanna share?Well I'll have to move to PM for thatIt's private.&gt;learned that to understand Fi you must also understand Te and how they interact when you choose one over the other

100 points, yessometimes I just don't wanna read anymore reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeemood - ENFPorigI play piano but I don't create much music... However, if I usually randomly play something it usually goes major, or it starts minor and resolves in major (or the other way). I just like to play around this. 

Most of the time if I do improvise or freestyle some music I *love* using the Picardy third at the ending (because I like to emulate the endings they do in Baroque/Classical eras). It's that or modulation. 

I also really like augmented chords for no reason. Also I lean towards 3/4 and 4/4.OMG is it just me or those who likes or wants to play Viola ENFP or something? I've talked about this with another ENFP friend of mine.

 If I were to learn a new instrument it would be the Viola... XDI only feel sorry for his incapacity in able to see what he does has what kinds of implications. 

We can't let people like this be the role model of our next generation. It's literally Black Mirror happeningSuddenly I realise this is what the MC feels like when he found out their deceased family are into whatever plot-relevant magical shit they are up to.

It's like "Holy shit this is so freaking awesome", "did you know what I'm up to???", "why didn't you tell me??", and "WHAT ELSE ARE YOU HIDING FROM ME???"

Sorry about your grandma. But thank you for sharing!THANK you gosh someone finally said it  Hmmmmmm 

Confess, demystifying, distance, a choice to not put focus into this infatuation as a way to combat your growth of feelings towards them, a few ways on top of my head atm.We often feel conflicted with our parents because they are, by nature, 'supposed' to be authoritative in our lives and they would never see us as equals. However that is due to the big amount of sacrifice and work they've put for us for our growth. I know this sounds a bit preachy but hear me out...

I obviously don't know your family background, but by the sounds of it, and I can't say much about your family situation from just your pov, but this much is sure -- your parents do love you, or else you wouldn't have the roof over your head, engaging arguments, ad hominem, etc etc... They weren't being malicious, and yet we don't get what *we* need instead. The love is there, and it's not the way you like it, and since it's not the way you like it, you don't feel it. 


At the same vein, you can also imagine it's the same with your parents -- they don't feel it from you -- they didn't feel reciprocated for their efforts for you, and respect they deserve because well, there's respectable things about parents other than giving you what you want such as rational discussion and being challenged. 


When we are teenagers, we often feel like we finally begin to understand the world, yet we still have the body of a growing child, but we know so much now, surely the adults know what we felt? At least, I knew I thought this way. Now that I am one, I completely disagree. What I do, I am around teenagers a lot, and most of the time, they do demand more respect as they develop more individualism, which I do give them, it's part of the process to be able to thrive --  giving space and time to do whatever they need. But the fact is, often, being teenagers, these newfound wisdom hasn't stood the test of time. There's obviously many exceptions to this, but I'm pretty confident in that statement. They haven't had real life crushing on them. (I say this with the conviction of kids these days have to grow up too quickly)



It's a difficult concept to accept even for adults, "x doesn't love me because x didn't love me the way I want". But hopefully one day you'll remember what I said here and it might be useful to you in some other ways, be it friends/romantic/whatever. 


Yea we get it everyone you like is INFJ including yourself.



INFP's way of thinking and priority is incredibly similar with ENFP without the ENFP feeling outshined and out ENFP'd by the other ENFP, ya get what I mean? They're also more sophisticated and insightful.

It's comfortable, and both shinning their own light. Probably not all of them, and my own E4 might have something to do with it. I didn't pay attention to your flair before I took the test, but throughout the test I kept thinking "The person who made this quiz is probably an NTP". Not that it's relevant but just an observation.

Results were:

ENFP - 48.72% Match

ENFJ - 43.59% Match

INFP - 41.03% Match

ESFP - 38.46% Match


A few questions were really... 'Similar' in meaning, and a lot of them are 'I do both of them' as well. Knowing functions I can pretty much tell which options are testing for what. Overall this test is way more fleshed out but I can't help but think it's hard for someone who doesn't know anything to have an accurate testing since some of the traits sounds better than others. I like it for myself though. Hey I hope I don't sound self asserting and I just want to provide some other perspective into what you're talking about:

&gt;Number 1 in my life has been obsessing over/overthinking/overanalyzing/speculating about everything I see, through the lens of my long term ideals. Then at some point I realized you can't bring heaven straight down to earth. You have to aim, throw your lasso, and pull it down tug by tug. It's hard work, but it beats the hell out of becoming depressed and stagnating for years over a problem that doesn't even exist.

I think this is Ni, Ti. Enjoying the present by yourself is actually pretty rewarding, no? Singing to songs you like, go explore the nature/walk in the park. It pulls you out of your head for a moment. Since time is passing no matter how you what, you're able to allocate some effort in enjoying the present (Se). We do this so we have a balanced psyche so fuel what we're good at, for you is the 'analysing, speculating, thinking (Fe-Ti)'. 

&gt;Too much unsolicited advice/outright telling people the direction their life is going and how to change it, even if it's obvious to you and you end up right. It just doesn't get received well, and can backfire because it comes across as a type of Fe arrogance (for example, similarly to how an INTJ can come across arrogant with Te). If you feel inclined to help people, and feel like you have insight into their lives, you cannot bulldoze them into following your vision of their ideal life, even if you have their best interests at heart, because your authority is not implied there as far as the other person sees, even if you feel you have experience of being right about certain things.


Sometimes people need to make mistakes to learn. Let them learn how you are worth trusting. I think this is Se and Fe from you, and Si and Fi from me.

&gt;I assume because I care deeply about something, everyone else should too. Sometimes I don't give enough credit to the skills that other people bring to the table because I don't value those skills in my own life. I forget that some personality types appreciate praise. I let people talk too much about themselves because I am so interested in people. But this ends up being draining sometimes and then I get annoyed when they don't ask questions about me.

People judge and assume all the time. You can't escape it. I think you already understand that but I also think more people should be aware of it. Could you volunteer something relevant to you as well? They might be interested in you too and sometimes INFJ has a big fort to penetrate and it's very hard to find out what's the keys to open the gate -- could that be why you're frustrated?


Sorry if I miss all the spots I'm trying to hit. But I hope something somewhere can help someone at least
All your functions can play a role in your behavior, especially those in your stack. Since Ni-Se is an axis, the stronger you prefer one will show in the weaker of another. 

High expectations is just a thing in general, has more to do with ego I think, all judging functions could be very high expectationsI know you're joking but where did the "ENFJs too busy mimicking ESFJs" come from? As in, is that a stereotype somewhere?Only a littleIf you say you wanna learn more, but you only trust your own reasoning, what is it that you're looking for? Someone telling you exactly what you wanna hear? That you're missing out something, yet at the same time they're telling you what you already know but you don't realise?

They already did, if you would just listen. What is preventing you to understand what they say could have validity? If you don't trust them, why ask? 
Then why does it matter what other people think, since you already made up your own mind about the facts, since truth is subjective according to you? I'm not saying you should stop learning, I'm saying it's getting really old that you need 3 posts to get people to respond, at least when you first started posting it was all different topics. 

You're not answering anything I've asked directly... 

Look I don't want to deny your need of understanding and knowing yourself, it's obvious to me that you're really genuinely just want to have more knowledge to adsorb. 

However, it also seems to me you need to take a step back and rearrange yourself and think for yourself, what you've received meant. Why you kept getting negative feedback, why do people keep saying you're annoying? If you truly are INFJ, something people kept saying must've meant something right?

To me, your postings is a whole load of mental... "unloading"? We're not here to be your personal life coach. We're here to exchange knowledge and you just want to come here to be confirmed in whatever you want to believe. We're not here to do your emotional labour for you. You're the one who has to do it.fuckWhen I read r/cringe I have no feelings other than the occasional awkward guy advancing on girls 

Watching cringe compilation does nothing to me eitherFrom experience, ESFJs like people opening up. ENFP #3ENFJ = Assassination Classroom

INFJ = Darker Than Black

ENFP = Sailor Moon

INFP = Revolutionary Girl Utena

ENTP = Bakemonogatari

INTP = Serial Experiments Lain, Tatami Galaxy?

ENTJ = Code Geass

INTJ = Death Note

ESFJ = Saint Onii-san? 

ISFJ = Mirai Nikki?

ESFP = Nana

ISFP = Owari no Seraph

ESTP = One Outs

ISTP = Kara no Kyoukai series

ESTJ = Shingeki no Kyoujin/Attack on Titan

ISTJ = Gosick

I'm the camp of Light = INTJNahhh pretty sure it's not.

Ever heard of [the hero with a thousand faces](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Hero_with_a_Thousand_Faces)? Luke is an inspired hero archetype.ESFJ 

Another was ISTJ.&gt; Wagner is a shitposting ENTJ

I diedAs a Ne-dom, I find the Ne one not as hitting as the Fi one tbhThat's Ni's blindspot not Ne. Ne makes connection that could be absolutely out of context and they know it.Tomo - ESFP??

Jun - IxTx, IxTJ??

Carol - ...ENFP? ESFP? Leaning ENFP. 

Misuzu - ....Oh uhhh all I can think is 'social engineering' whenever I think about her, an FJ type? 

Misaki - INFP? 

Tanabe - ENTP probably! lol 



I don't know why I feel attacked (I do)
Nerd.I like it! Made my introvert friend puke :3She's a chicken and she was eating hot cheetoes with nacho cheese during the scene where the repo man was pulling out intestines.Strangers tears make me uncomfortable. I don't know what to do if someone I barely know starts with the water works. I just stand there and stare like a deer in the headlights then start reacting 10 painful seconds later and hug them in a pretty mechanical manner while on the inside I'm asking "why me??" Yeah, nothing says heartless like hoping no one has an extreme emotional event around me.I'm cleaning my room. Yay adulting!You have really nice eyebrows! I'm jelly &gt;.&gt;Took different online tests a couple times over... got ENFP every time.Besides being everyone's "moral support" we are also the ones who create revolution (conforming is our enemy, and feelings fuel our idealism). We empathize with pain and injustice felt by targeted groups/individuals so we demand justice. We use our compassion to be open minded and learn from multiple angles.As someone who is a feeler and getting a masters I disagree. I feel like I want more. Feelers can be greedy too in a giving sense, like I want to provide my baby with the best that I can provide so I need to work good jobs. Being screwed over by thinkers has conditioned me to be more greedy, I need my slice too I don't care for competitions. There are multiple routes
 Why fight for one road among a thousand?My mind is always wandering around dark corners looking for light. I guess that's why villains have always attracted me, let's face it Jerry is a pain in the ass... poor Tom cat, he just wants to please his master. That broom hurts.
 I get anxiety and paranoia. I spend most of my time under dark waters, in my head, hoping to crawl out once the clouds part and good grace's light shines down on me; hallelujah I am clean! But no, I  just float there, not quite drowning but not quite out. I reflect what faces me. Smile when smiled at etc.... Like the waves I conform and change my shape to fit circumstances. But I  always feel fixed and stuck at night. What am I doing? I don't know. LMAOOOOO X'DI love your name lolENFP here facepalming myself into another dimension. Wondering if I'll die of some cancer quicker from pollution or shit my guts to death from cryptosporidium outbreaks in my water system (since Die führer Trump wants to boot the EPA). Wondering if men will start grabbing me by the pussy on the streets. If my opinion won't matter cause my family are mostly immigrants. If Christians will try shoving their religion down my throat (hail Satin, the smoothest of the smooth). I'm just sad :/Ughhhhhhh that sucks.Doesn't matter if he's "pretending" to be a jackass. The whole globe is watching. If he backs out of climate mitigation policies and the Paris Accord than other nations will too. It's simple tragedy of the commons economics. Then we're all really fucked.Ditto. At first I was hungry for change. Now I'm ravenous. I wonder who Trump will name as Lord of the flies hmmm.ENFP here, well the last time I saw my bf was over 4 months ago, so that long. We're currently long distance. Luckily he's visiting soon :) I wish I could program myself. ENFP... I dance!

*Pelvic Thrust*ENFP: 

Sour patch kids. First we're sour, than we're sweet.I know this type of person can exist in multiple mbti types, but what mbti type do they usually fall under? 
This sounds exactly like my ENTP friend. He always has a hot girlfriend because of it.I LOVE BEING AN ENFP! I was so happy to find out so much about myself. I love all of it, the good and the bad. I certainly do this. Me and and my ENTP friend drive his INTJ girlfriend crazy with our lack of concern over anything and everything.
You sound a lot like me. In fact, I was going to write something similar. I am an ENFP, but first typed myself as an INFP, as I have many introverted qualities. Being around people gives me energy though, and I become depressed quickly when forced to be alone for an excessive amount of time. I do relate very much to introverts and always am extremely quiet around a group of strangers. Amongst friends though, I am the life of the party. You could very well be an ENFP my friend : )After typing myself through multiple tests, I read "The Comprehensive ENFP Survival Guide" by Heidi Priebe and it basically described my past, present, and possible future in uncanny detail.I'm an ENFP and I had my first lucid dream in elementary school. During the dream, I was standing in line waiting to enter my classroom when all of a sudden I had an epiphany! It wasn't possible for me to be at school this morning because my Dad was taking me to the Zoo today. BAM! Just like that I now knew I was in a dream. I proceeded to do the funnest thing I could think of doing at that age. Having complete control over this fake reality, I instigated a giant pillow fight. I had more lucid dreams, but they were sporadic and rare. It wasn't until I was older, early twenties, that I found out other people have these crazy dreams and that you can learn to control them better and have them more often. I'm getting better and better at realizing I'm in a dream now that I've implemented some of the tricks of the trade, and it is fantastic. I wonder if ENFP types are more likely to have them, what with our out of this world imaginations.Famous author.I'm a 28 year old ENFP who was a virgin until 25 when I found my first, and so far only, girlfriend. I'm a tall, muscular, attractive, and charming guy, but after watching "The 40 Year Old Virgin," I had serious concerns and recurring nightmares that that 
might be where my future was heading. I was surrounded by beautiful girls throughout high-school, but made them all into friends. It's just what I do. I can't help but want to have a deep, emotional, and personal connection with the people in my life. The way I was shown by society and my male friends  to pick up girls completely contradicted this ideal and it made me sick. The whole player "you've got game broh" club scene just reeks of inauthenticity and I can't make myself do it. Girls would simply think I wasn't interested in them because I wouldn't hit on them in the way they were accustomed to being hit on by guys. If I had a nickel for every girl that's looked at me with puzzled adoration/warm affection and said "there's something different about you... you're not like other guys" I'd have a bunch of nickels cause that happens a lot. I also can't stand fighting over a girl or trying to convince a girl to like me. I want her to come to that decision on her own. Anyways, this refusal to play by the rules of how people expected me to act as well as how shy I was as a young adult caused me to have an extremely late start to the world of intimate relationships. I can navigate the world of dating with ease now, but I still want to be good friends before lovers. One night stands are just never going to be something I can do. I guess some advice on the topic you were writing about for yourself would be this, don't wait for a certain age, and don't change who you are, just get out there and date as soon as you can. It's like anything else, you get better at it with practice and the more people you meet, the more likely you are to find a good match. As an ENFP I would say Po the Panda from Kung Fu Panda. Nobody takes him seriously because of his goofy, enthusiastic, happy-go-lucky attitude, but eventually they come to realize there is a much deeper side to him. In the end, his pure, unbridled passion saves the day. Also, the relationship between Po and Master Shifu is identical to the one I have with my best INTJ friend.You just need to get to know me and I'm sure you'd love me. Have an upvote for expressing your genuine opinion.I'm an ENFP guy who wears fun stuff, like a JAWS tank where the shark is instead a cat. I also like to try all sorts of different clothing styles to see what happens and how different people react. I don't know what I'm doing and I don't care, if I likes it, I likes it.The very same ; )I'm an ENFP and I scored 100/100 for Ravenclaw.Great job! I'm an ENFP, my younger brother is an INFP, and my older brother is an INTJ. I know myself and my brothers on a deep level and we all communicate extremely well. Your writing on these types checks out 100 percent.I see Westley as the ENTP because ENTPs love experimenting on themselves. Poisoning oneself to induce an immunity is right up an ENTPs alley. Also, an ENTP is more likely to be the extroverted and charming hero and INTJ more likely to be the socially awkward villain.You sound a lot like a villain.Hmmmmmm, this is definitely something a real life villain would want me to think so as to throw me off their villainous trail of villainy... suspicious...  suspicious indeed...I think you'd like me if you got to know me.
Long story short you sound very INFJOk you obviously have introverted thinking which makes sense since I disagree with ISTJ and INTJ because you seem to be more scattered in your interests. That leaves INTP and ISTP. Your description of the way you explore ideas knowledge and theory is very extroverted intuition-like and very much reminds me of how my INTP friends explore ideas. 

It is very hard to type oneself from a young age. I see it all the time. You have to be somewhat mature to type yourself. I even see my friends in their 20s (who i would not describe as mature) wildly mistyping themselves. I'm confident you know yourself well enough to have narrowed it down to those 4 accurately and that you truly are one of those 4 types. That is less challenging. To narrow it down to one is a bit tougher. I agree Me: ENFP

Mom: INTJ
Dad: ESFP

sister 1: ESFJ
Sister 2: ESTJ
sister3: INFP

brother 1: INFJ
brother 2: ENTP
brother 3: ENTJ

I get along best with mom, brother 1 and sister 3.... I find all my S type family exhausting. Yep. Seven kids all from two parents. The thing about an INTJ mom is she's very strict but she's always so trapped in thought that we got away with a lot of stuff. My mom is a very devoutly Catholic INTJ. And you wonder why they call you whinythe post was asinine. Complaining about your mbti? Give me a break. You don't have to allow yourself to embody all the negative aspects which every type has. I really do hope this was a joke though. ENTP!ESTJIXXJ....almost certainly 

ISFJ?INTP!!!ISTJ or ISFJ?INTP OR ISTP?This was my guess also INFJ? I secondISTP!!I third I third ISTJ!!ENTPInfpISFPISFJISFJISFPESFJISTP OR ISTJISFJISFJ Dammit. does that mean you're also primary extroverted thinking? ENTJ?infP?Well I actually didn't even notice your flair til now lol. But your eyes have a very "T" sternness about themWell I actually didn't even notice your flair til now lol. But your eyes have a very "T" sternness about themI've like never met any ENFJs.... So forgive me?Wow. ISFJ is all that's left then right? ._.Really emotional ENFP?IXTJINFP? Did I get the "I" right? Cuz if not I give up lolINFP then?ENTP?INFPXSFJINXJ?INFP or ISFPIXTJ?You got meYou're good!ENFP: imagine the possibilitiesENFP: Human Biology. Now working in a Neuroscience labMy moms convinced he's an INFP. I kinda agree Nobody else thinks ESTP? Sounds like the several ESTP women I know. ESFPs are usually not confrontational with coworkers and strangers or acquaintances. 

ESFJ may also be a close second guess for me for the putting friends against each other and the social manipulation. That is very ESFJ.I agree. I am almost certain ESTP. They love to challenge people and can easily come off as bullies. They're super quick to burn bridges and will jump from partner to partner on a whim.

edit: I actually changed my mind. The more I read the description the more ESFJ becomes apparent.Yeah I changed my mind, but I didn't edit this post. ESFJ is probably the correct answer.INTPI have a lot of data to contribute, as I have a large family

Father: ESFP

Mother: INTJ

Sister1: ESFJ

Sister2: ESTJ

me: ENFP

Brother1: INFJ

brother2: ENTP

brother3: ENTJ

sister3: INFPWe fought like crazy. Still don't get along with either No children from the "explorer" category, however, just my dad. They're separated now... It wasn't the greatest childhoodIntuitives dominate in my household, but the S types dominate in their presence whenever they're around. No you don't. Trust me.My guess is ISTP, especially once he gives his reasons for why he picked his answers. A 3 answer multiple choice test can narrow down your mbti for sure, but I doubt it can confirm it accurately.Pewdie Pie is a bit bold to be an INFP? Kinda has a DGAF attitude unless I don't know as much about him as I think I do... :sGlad you think so!Wow for me this varies so much female to male. I am just going to do all male for fun.

ESTP - Middle aged, greasy mechanic or tow truck driver. Constantly grinning really menacingly, like they just told or are about to tell a top notch dirty joke (this is most likely why). Fixes your car suspiciously fast.

ISTP - Late twenty something gamer, owns every military/combat video game in existence. Usually greasy hair and wears clothes simply for comfort/utility with no thought of fashion. Built their own PC.

ENTP - Middle child that gets away with everything. No one even notices when they don't show up for dinner because they've been planning on sneaking out to a party with friends for weeks and have conditioned the rents to slowly be less aware of their presence. Decent sense of fashion, constantly looking in the mirror to make sure their hair didn't get messed up. First one to get a girl's number at said party.

INTP - Definition of a neckbeard. Not because they're overweight or unattractive, but because they would rather prove you were wrong about the name of the fourth track of Radiohead's In Rainbows album 5 and a half weeks later than be friends with you. Will always believe their taste in music is most superior. No exceptions. Twenty something dude who's diehard into politics. Knows how to dress for the occasion. DO NOT DEBATE THEM.

ESFP - Overly friendly surfer dude who makes small talk in line a the grocery store ad nauseum. Always on the look out to be a hero, will chase down hit and run suspect instead of calling the cops. Always wears flip flops no matter what the weather. Lonely elderly people LOVE to talk to them.

ISFP - Dark, twisted, misunderstood. Is the best at whatever art happens to be their hobby. Owns at least 1 sketch pad. Usually unkempt, weird unexplained stain on their shirt. Gets offended if you don't want to read their poetry. Great at small talk if you get them to open up. Typically tall and lanky. 

ENFP - Aspiring anthropologist dude with a pony tail and Jesus sandals. Always down to get a beer and discuss psychology. ALWAYS. Always asking you uncomfortable hypothetical/theoretical questions. Questionable hygiene.

INFP - Weaboo or Harry Potter fanatic. Won class award for most books read during the school year. Will sleep in indefinitely if you let them. Showers few and far between. Definitely went through an ugly duckling phase. Always sending you memes.

ESTJ - Really terrifying husky dude with perfectly gelled hair. Always looks angry. Will yell at you and publicly shame if you cut in line. Really good tipper. Always dressed nicely when they go out.

ISTJ - 60 something professor whose entire wardrobe consists of a pair of jeans and 3 sweaters rotated throughout the year despite weather. Easily irked by stupid questions. Kind of comes off as autistic. Wears purple socks for some reason.

ENTJ - Really douchey boss that everyone pretends to like. Genuinely believes subordinates love him. Will wear flip flops and jeans to work because they're comfy and who's going to stop them? Assumes their next promotion at work is slam dunk. Usually right.

INTJ - Super quiet dude at work who surprises everyone by making hilarious burns with incalculable wit. Everyone has a different legend about what he does off the clock. All guess wrong. Usually just rock climbs and plays video games like a fairly normal dude. Typically skinny AF. Never seen wearing a color thats not black or blue.

ESFJ - Office dweller who's always there before you and leaves after you. Insanely dedicated to their craft, will breakdown if criticized by superior. Always the first one to make friends with a new person but becomes bitter and passive aggressive when they start hanging out with other people. Always bringing snacks to share in the kitchen.

ISFJ - Dude who wears too much cologne and ed hardy t-shirts. Lives for football season. Has 11 ex girlfriends. Always talks about how brave their single mother is. Has had 3 failed start ups and is currently pitching to you about their latest marketing start up thats doing "AMAZING". Withdraws and becomes visibly upset if topic strays from their interests.

ENFJ - Openly identifies as a communist. Bernie sticker still on their Hybrid. Comes to work with quirky screen print tees. Owns a pair of high top converse. Sends you funny reddit links. Actually never seen them not smiling... Will scoff at you for not getting obscure pop culture references.

INFJ - Big lovable dude, 6'5", played football in high school, business or communications major. Has a youtube channel or at least an idea for one. Impossibly shy. You always feel bad for them but cannot pinpoint exactly why. Will literally help you with anything you ask. Gives the warmest hugs. ENFP, i laugh the hardest at my own jokes Yeah I realize all my descriptions were kind of cynical now lol. Stereotypes of course, but also based on types that i know in my life. My ENTJ brother is only 15. Smartest kid of us 7 but also pretty douchey lol.Glad you think so!Any type, well developed, can be extremely competent and successful, as well as intelligent and well rounded. MBTI is a thought process, as others have mentioned, but if you give any type the right upbringing and the proper tools they can be just as successful. Inversely, the most "brilliant" types can also be very poor decision makers and make bad choices if they're not properly developed.So I obviously don't know how 16 Personalities structures their quiz to give an output, but what I noticed from their type descriptions is when they describe the negative attributes of each type, they do so in a very ambiguous and avoidant way, like they're trying not to offend anyone. I think this is a poor structure and will lead to mistyping. My very obviously INTP friend kept getting ISFJ and ESFJ when he did the quiz, and agreed this was not a fit for him at all. That being said, I've only ever tested ENFP in any of the online quizzes I take, but when I first typed myself it was solely from reading descriptions of the types.I've been told by more than 1 mbti enthusiast that ENFJ is like the epitome of the "ideal" person. Kind, selfless, looking out for the little guy, etc...First half had me going INFP, but now I have no doubts that ISFP is correct.I think ENTP may be right. It seems feelings are kind of low on the value scale for you, as many other NT types describe, and you just objectively display when you're annoyed.

ENXPs are also commonly described as "the most introverted extroverts" so that fits with you're ease and willingness to be under the radar, but your command for attention in certain situations is a very ENTP quality as they are inclined to challenge the viewpoints of others. 

ENTPs are also not what I would call shy, unless they feel insecure, they will say what they think and tell others how they feel.

They're comfortable both in a group and alone for long periods of time. 

I have an 18 year old brother who's an ENTP and two close female ENTP friends. These are my observations.Yes, i believe mbti is heritable and thats why certain types are more predominant in society (SJ) and are probably genetically more dominant. That being said, on top of that how your type is developed is largely influenced by your parents' type. 
Example, husband and mother are both INTJs. Mother was raised by INFJ and ESFP. Shes very courteous and aware of her manners, she is polite and very capable of making small talk and socializing if need be. 

Husband was raised by ENTJ and ESTP. He tends to withdraw socially, his manners are less than ideal, and he isnt very adept in politeness and socializing. 

They both have the same tendencies and preferences, but their values have diverged from developmental differences.Fictional characters are often idealized and dont fit neatly into any type, so I agree with most people saying he can be an INTP sometimes and ISTJ others. Yeaaaah youre not an INFP...Me: ENFP

Husband: INTJ

Mom: INTJ

good friend: ESTP

good friend: INFP

sister: ESTJ


Closest to my husband and mom. I am female and aside from husband all others are too. Good friend 1 and sister I clash with the most, but similar backgrounds/upbringing keeps us close.
This is the answer I would give as well. So many SPs I know abuse many substances. This is very true. It is much easier to type a younger person than an older one. However, typing yourself is immensely more difficult if youre young and immatureAs an ENFP, I actually really dislike other ENFPs. Every one I meet is very immature and makes terrible life choices. They rely on feelings way too much for their decision making and are really really flakey.Not true. INTPs do this as well and will argue about details that don't even matter. They will come back a week later with proof over some passing argument you made at dinner.This is a good compare and contrast. The differences between the two are very apparent to me, but I often find my INTP friends convinced they are INTJs. They mistake their obsessive researching and logical processes for introverted intuition, and it's really hard to convince an INTP of anything in general without data (which of course I don't have). I also think the glorification of INTJs may create some bias.I am gonna go ahead and say I am convinced that MBTI is 100% genetic and a nature thing. I think the spectrum you see within a single type is the product of how you're raised and the types you're raised by. My basis for this is because of how certain types are more prevalent in society (SJs and such) and how it can somewhat delineate into a binary set of rules (almost mendelian). I don't have a Ph.D. so take with a grain of salt.Drake - INFJ

Kanye - ISFJ

Rihanna - ISTP

Taylor Swift - ISFP

Beyonce - ESFP


Idk about the others, but these are the ones i disagree with.Seems to be a lot of differing opinions about Peterson's type in this thread. I'm pretty convinced he's an INFP.Same--together 8 years, married 1.Hitler wasn't an ISTP?ISTJs are wicked smart. I swear they have photographic memory.My boss is an ISTJ too. He is definitely a robot. Rule #1: do NOT break his routine.Really exaggerated unfunny ones too...
Si - Person cares very much about their comfort. My boss is ISTJ, after every workout he talks about his elbow or his shoulder, he has a comfy chair, etc, but his desk is a total mess. My roommate is ISFJ, he complains about things like noise and temperature, etc. 

Se - Se dominant always "look good" or have this flair for appearance. Compared to Ne, which can be similar, they have a tendency to 'fit in' more than standing out. They also tend to talk in very relateable ways, like saying "yeah!" or "for sure" whenever you say something they relate to. Body language is a big giveaway. 

Ne - distracted and/or thoughtful persona, constantly bringing the conversation to the bigger picture, dismissive of minute detail, and generally excited and/or passionate about 'fun' things

Ni - the deeeeep stare and general standoffishness. INFJ will kind of touch you with their soul, while the INTJ will seem to be lost in emotionless thought at times. INTJ will be more well spoken in terms of processes and logic, INFJ will prefer people and romantic topics like fate

Te - ENTJ are hard to miss, they are commanding but sarcastic and have a definite quirky flair much of the time. They love to 'get shit done'. ESTJ is more like a very conservative, usually old-school, do-it-the-right-way kind of person. They generally dress in less flashy ways.

Ti - Very introverted thinking types. INTP can be tough to figure out unless you're asking them about how something works. They will be different than ISTP in that they will also appreciate things such as the deeper implications of the logic or technology, whereas an ISTP will really enjoy the task in and of itself. ISTPs seem to love repetitive tasks, so they will have hobbies that reflect this, whereas INTP will become bored more easily. ISTP usually dress in cool, unique ways, whereas INTPs may be a bit disheveled at times.I just wanna be.classic nihilistTruth. Maybe it's the language that gives it away. There's a difference between "I messed up my back" or "Damn dude I'm hurtin from that workout", which are feeling ways of speech, and "there's a slight pinch in my right shoulder" which is logical and factual. Maybe that's part of it. But the creature comforts thing in ISFJ is similar in that it's all about comfort. I've been comparing two friends recently who are ESFJ and ENTJ. They have similar professions, group social dynamics, and love to take charge and help others.

The ENFJ will tend to be spiritual or mystical. She will prefer deep conversation over loud music (but she can enjoy both). The ESFJ 'keeps it real' and is lovingly blunt at times, preferring simple jokes and light conversation over deep emotional issues. 

An example, we had a friend lose a family member. The ESFJ said "I'm sorry, I've never been through that and I don't know how to relate but come sit down, let me get you a glass of water. We can figure out if you need to fly home and I'll even help you buy the ticket." while the ENFJ said "We need to talk..." and went down a spiritual journey like a kind of bedside counselor. It was fascinating to see the utilization of Fe in the intuit vs the senser. 

EDIT: ENFJ sometimes take even the most well-intended generalizations as malicious insults. Be careful talking about them on forums.I like that you said this. I have found in focusing on this for some time I have gotten many of my inferior functions to be more or less tied, however NeFi have always been so dominant. 

I like the facial expression bit. I think you're right about ISTP, but I think ENTP is more likely. Ti dominant would seem to have more patience. Ne dominant can be an awkward way to grow up haha.Hilarious gerbil story. My best friend in high school was INTP and we stole feeder mice from a pet store once and "set them free." We were scheming all the time.

I would describe my Ne conversations as "orbiting" a subject. It's like I prefer to never say exactly what is going on, but instead to talk about how everything around it is affected. This drives me Ti friends nuts sometimes. Te friends find it cool I think. 

Dude yes. The Eye contact thing is something all my ENTP friends do. I do it right back to them. It's so funny you point it out. My ENTP friends and I like to hit on girls together and the hilarity that ensues ... it's like normal group conversation loaded with a slew of inside jokes. Good times. ENFP are easy to spot because they bother the shit out of ESTJ. ESTJ sees them as subversive, rule-bending, bullshitters. 

ENFP just loves the ESTJ for who they are, and they make fun of them behind their back, but in a loving way.I love you too. Also saying things like "ENFJs seem normal" wtf does that even mean? ENFJ and ENFP always drive each other nuts. Watch out for the cranky ones, they just want to punish the world. The dominant function of ENFJ is Fe. Please read about Fe. Then read about Ni. That's the secondary function. Just because some people use Fe to "fit in" and all doesn't mean that some are more developed. My mother is ENFJ and she has an amazing gift to counsel. It is the most amazing thing in a family. Cheers.I'm laughing so hard as I read/type this. Good stuff.

Regarding conversations, I feel as though so much of the world is so insanely subjective that I just try to have fun with it. I could argue almost anything, so some subjects are more like a playground of things to be said rather than something I should make my mind up on. 

Regarding chasing girls, it's funny we don't call dibs, it's more like we have a 6th sense for who should chase whom and who is being chased. We might pull away to grab a drink or something and the convo will be like...

"dude Sarah"

"I know right?"

"When she said that thing!"

"hahaha I was like 'yeah' haha'"

And we know exactly what the person is really saying and how we should proceed now that we've discussed it so thoroughly. I used to be on a team of engineers, many IxTP, with an ENTJ boss. I think the planning and execution sides of Te tend to work better for organizational leadership than Ti because those skills are so important in teams and in explaining to other branches of the organization how the team will be proceeding, working together, etc. The real power of our team, however, came from the Ti engineers applying their abilities to the tasks presented to them. 

I will say that as ENFP (and I think the ENTP on my team felt the same way) I was really put off by how the ENTJ managed the IxTPs. They responded well to being told "you will get this done or else" which I hated from the core of my being. Interestingly, the ENTP and I were treated differently, as we were more of the thought leaders on the team, and we were encouraged to go out and learn and plan. 

MBTI is fascinating when you look at teams of different types working together. If I could, I would install a speaker on my chest that blasts this song whenever I walk into a room. I wouldn't dance so much as just snap my fingers, etc, but I would recruit a team of loyal ESFPs to dance around me and sort of worship me constantly. 

But if I was sad it would be the song "[Careless Whisper](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ)" instead, and we'd all be crying.This is very well spoken, helpful, and in my experience accurate. I'm not sure why someone downvoted it. Thanks for contributing. This is very well spoken, helpful, and in my experience accurate. I'm not sure why someone downvoted it. Thanks for contributing. This is very well spoken, helpful, and in my experience accurate. I'm not sure why someone downvoted it. Thanks for contributing. This is very well spoken, helpful, and in my experience accurate. I'm not sure why someone downvoted it. Thanks for contributing. This is very well spoken, helpful, and in my experience accurate. I'm not sure why someone downvoted it. Thanks for contributing. This is very well spoken, helpful, and in my experience accurate. I'm not sure why someone downvoted it. Thanks for contributing. This is very well spoken, helpful, and in my experience accurate. I'm not sure why someone downvoted it. Thanks for contributing. It's a joke :*I wish I could have been in their heads and gotten their true feelings. I should have said they did exactly as they were told and worked effectively. It worked as a management technique. I am usually impossible to motivate, however grudgingly, if I am forced to do something. haha exactlyhaha 

I find it sad that you got downvoted for a harmless joke, but maybe the downvotes were ESTJs abusing their powerI love personality junkie. Also agree 10/10.Me too man. The older I get the more I feel it. I've had this same exact issue with many ENFJs in my life and this thread is finally explaining it to me. Thanks for posting.This post is freakin awesome. randomus3rnam3, you are a scholar. I will be using the term "Ne relief" for sure.

A couple points... 

ExTP tertiary Fe... I would refer to it as an ethical obligation rather than a moral obligation.  

I think that your explanation of the inferior function is spot on for its negative side, however you do not mention the positive side (you did both for the tertiary, example - IxTJ being stubborn/defensive or understanding/considerate. I will admit it's not necessarily black and white, but the use of functions.). I've heard this described as a "love-hate relationship" for these lower functions. The inferior function can have a positive side to it. As ENFP, yes I have that nagging negative view of past events at times, but also I have the ability to retire to solitude and enjoy the little creature comforts of my home, etc, just like the very natural instinct of Si dominant individuals. Just as easily as the inferior function can be a source of stress/fear/negativity, it can be a source of needed illumination/relief/aspiration. 

I have heard your PolR referred to as the Deceiving Function, because as its user tries to employ it, it can lead to false judgments and perceptions. Example would be my ISFJ friend thinking the reorganization at work is part of a greater plot to replace everyone in his department with automated programs. Or my ENFJ mother having 'vivid' memories of my childhood that didn't really happen the way in which she recalls. 

I think there are ways to take all these negative functions and work on using them more effectively or overcompensating with other functions. For example, as ENFP I have a lack of Fe and Ti, but I can guide them by using my Te and Fi, such as learning MBTI for a kind of empathy replacement (Te version of Fe) and remind myself that I'm not that special, I just like to feel like I am (refining Fi).&gt; The tertiary is a selfish motivation for me...

I really like that you describe it like this. I would say my Te is the same for me (ENFP).sameGive me like 7469 different possible interpretations and I'm happy. Or more. Or whatever. Irony is the best tho. &lt;3I describe my ISTP friends as Calculated. They seem to agree with that after a few minutes of thought.Would you say you feel people's vibes though?The question was intended to be more abstract (born out of my own curiosity). But since you asked, the position is a blend of channel marketing program management and segment marketing for a technology company/manufacturer. Lots of problem solving in a very square industry. I don't know... I'm thinking Ne with Ti based on these few words
There aren't enough subscribers.Hunter S Thompson. Reading his work as a series of explorations gives me a sense of satisfaction on a personal level somehow.A peer of mine is hiring for a role that requires a great deal of creativity and analysis. I imagine an INTP or ENTP doing very well in this role, as well as enjoying working in that team. It got me wondering what specific questions would identify someone as NTP. What do you think, r/MBTI?
[Gorillaz - On Melancholy Hill](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04mfKJWDSzI)
It can turn sadness a beautiful feeling with it's melody. I repeated it 12 times.

&gt;Just looking out on the day of another dream
ENFP.

Feel terrible and devastated about it. I am a UK citizen and I live in Germany. So aside from the irritating paperwork related headache I'm likely to have to face it just feels personal, like I have lost a part of my identity. I also feel embarrassed at the way the politicians are behaving.

Facts based rather than feelings based, I think the UK is mad to leave the EU. The trading benefits are clear, free movement is great, the EU passes a lot of laws which protect its citizens which a smaller, independent country just couldn't afford to do. Britain isn't as powerful a force as it used to be by a long way. I am not concerned about the effects of immigration and I think immigrants have been demonised for unfair reasons.

I think a large part informing my conclusion was living outside the UK and seeing the benefits for myself of free movement. I also speak to a lot of Americans living here who feel like the situation in Europe is a better environment to live and raise a family, which gave me the angle of someone outside seeing into the EU system.Ooh, this is a great tip! Thank you.ENFP who has ADHD here. The deadline absolutely has to be external and unavoidable. If I can talk myself out of it it doesn't get done.ENFPs are often fascinated by other people and how they think.Ha, I studied sociology at university :) I dropped out though :(Yes because ENFPs are one of the most introverted extroverts!

These links might help:

http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/07/heres-which-myers-briggs-type-youre-most-likely-to-mistype-as/ (Scroll down to ENFP)

http://www.preludecharacteranalysis.com/types/enfp/vs/infp

http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/09/523471/Interesting question.

I'm ENFP. My mum is INFP. Her dad is ISTJ. They clash often and rarely understand each other. I get on well with my mum but sometimes find her exasperating. 

My sister is unclear but I suspect INFP as well. Possibly INTP? Not sure. I think she's more heart than head.

My dad is INTP. My parents are divorced. I have a really patchy relationship with him.

My husband is INTJ. He's pretty awesome.Huh? If the word cloud was made from another source how would filling out that form help?Ah right, I see!

Anyway I started the form but it was too long and complicated for me.It's not a cry for help. ENFP do this too. We just literally get wrapped up in our own stuff, lose track of how much time has passed and don't realise that other people are missing the time we are absent.

Send a text to connect and/or say "I miss you, can we meet up?" but don't worry. We're (normally) perfectly fine when we do this, just regrouping.I think it is fair to expect a relationship partner to check in more often than once in four months. That is too long for most people. And it's okay to say that it's too long *for you* and it's okay to decide it's a dealbreaker for you. It's courteous to let your SO know that you're unhappy with the long absences, and see if they offer any kind of solution. You could also try reaching out to them. But ultimately remember a person isn't going to change. Possibly for a relationship, you might find it easier when you live with a person, but remember that if they are in the habit of withdrawing when you live apart, you might find that they tend to withdraw even within the same house as well, some introverts withdraw into their computers, other into books, crafts, or other non-social pursuits. If you want somebody to chat to every night and you're going to feel lonely without that, perhaps you just aren't very well matched. If you'd be happy with nonverbal company just being in the same room doing your own thing, or being apart most of the day and then holding hands at night, then it might be better long term. But relationships are about discovering whether you fit together, not only about working out whether someone is an asshole. They can be perfectly nice and you just not quite fit.

But yes; this is not conscious behaviour designed to hurt you. It's not "ghosting" in the true sense of the word.This is what I read too. I'm an ENFP 9 which is apparently rare. I'm very conflict averse. It makes me seriously anxious.

My husband is an INTJ 2 which is also apparently rare. Apparently we're just the weird couple.He's tricky to pin down. Or I'm bad at understanding enneagram. (Likely).

1 might fit better, then. I'd always seen 1s as being all about changing the world, though, and he's not so motivated by that, it's more about the immediate surroundings, particularly people and systems he's close to, which is where the 2 came from. 1w2, perhaps.

8 doesn't fit at all. 6 and 5 have elements of "Hmm maybe" but 1 is stronger.

I don't know why I find enneagram so confusing. I think because I find it easier to compare between MBTI types and less so with enneagram types.TL;DR.

I think that tells you everything about my type.These are traits from Sims 3.Yeah, it means more that you're interested in sparkly vampires and cartoonish werewolves.... &lt;runs&gt;From your first point. I agree, you sound like an introvert, though being quiet and staying in the background is not necessarily an introvert thing. I/E is about whether you feel energised or drained by social contact.

Secondly, yes structure and organisation point towards J - but taking a long time to make decisions does not. Js tend to act, not ruminate. They like to get things done and have doors closed, whereas Ps are never quite done with decisions and like to keep things open ended when possible. Also, you mentioned procrastinating, and P is secretly for Procrastinator. (I jest - but there's truth in it).

Dreaming and living in your head tends to point to N. Sensors live directly in the world.

You come across like an INTP to me. At first I wasn't sure about what was giving me that vibe, but it fits with everything else, in retrospect. Try reading the descriptions of that one.

INTJs definitely aren't evil, but you don't come across as one to me.The thought is what counts for me. My husband (INTJ) is the opposite and while he will take intentions into account, mostly, the bottom line is the result.Summary of this (highly unscientific) survey :P

Most people said it depends on context, that both matters, or that it's something else which matters.

The type which most strongly interred that results matter was INTJ. ENFJ and ESTJ also stated (or were assumed to feel) that results matter, which points towards Ni as the function which cares about this. That makes sense, because Ni is about predicting results and working out which one would be successful. It makes sense that types who have this function high in their stack would take that ability for granted and feel that foresight is an important, even essential part of the process of something. There was no answer from INFJ, who also have Ni high in their stack so I hypothesise that they would also lean towards the result being the important part.

The type who most strongly interred that intentions are the most important was INFP. My feeling is that Fi is the function responsible for judging intentions over results, but this is difficult to corroborate in this thread because the only other Fi user who responded in this direction was me - the other two ENFP replies placed themselves in the middle leaning towards valuing results. So... Ne kind of works, because INTP and ENTP both gave examples of when the intention matters more. But I'm wondering if perhaps the value on results is more of a function thing and value on intentions is more of an individual thing.WTF? I thought I was bad.I just play The Sims. Stories, possibilities.... it's all about the possibilities. Sandbox games are great fun.Sounds more like a sensory input issue than an MBTI related trait.

I do things like this and I think it's related more to my ADHD than my ENFPness.My ENFPenis
