*Definitely* not ESTJ. Not sure what gave you that impression from my post. I use Ni and Se without a doubt. I wouldn't say cognitive functions are irrelevant in regards to relationships, although there are other factors that are just as relevant. What makes you say that?I don't think MBTI is some sort of standard on which you should select your relationships. You're dating a person, not a personality type. I do think understanding the nature of our core personality differences and the ability to accept each other's differences really does make or break a relationship though. The knowledge of cognitive functions and how your partner uses them at the very least gives you a deeper understanding of that person and in turn your compatibility with them, wouldn't you agree?ENTJ and very good at chess. 

My brother, who is INTJ, is much better.I think this would be helpful: [type comparison](http://www.sociotype.com/tools/type-comparison/SEI-IEI) 

It's much easier to type someone using actions based on the functions of each type, that's a direct comparison between the two!If I wasn't an ENTJ, I'd like to experience being an INFJ. Maybe not forever, but as an ENTJ I feel like I am completely missing out on some magical world of emotions that INFJs especially have access too. From what I see in my INFJ friends, they seem to feel everything so deeply and are completely in touch with their emotions yet at the same time incredibly intelligent. 

I really admire those traits because while I do have the capacity for strong emotions, all of my emotional abilities and empathy are more "learned" behaviors as opposed to the genuine and overwhelming emotions of INFJs. I would love to know what it feels like to be governed by feelings as opposed to cold hard logic. I would really kill to have access to the inner world that they seem to. But of course, this is coming from direct observation of INFJs in my life - I only know a few!ENTJ and vegetarian for health and environmental reasons.I'd rule out INFP. If it was between those two, I would say INTP for sure, but it's incredibly hard to type someone based on others descriptions of them. 

Have you considered INTJ? My dad is INTP and my brother is INTJ. I also have a lot of INTP and INTJ friends and honestly, your description sort of fits all of them. Childhood was absolutely horrible. INTP dad, ENFP mom. They hated each other and fought horribly over money. We were poverty-level poor. Divorced when I was 6, vicious custody battle ensued over me and my younger INTJ brother. My brother was conniving, my mother was emotionally unstable, obsessed with appearances, and constantly hounding me, my dad was emotionally and physically abusive (I will never forgive him), and neither really bothered to parent me. My dad *sucked* as a parent, but he is by far the most intelligent person I've ever met. He always pushed me to think for myself and made me love learning. And from my mom, I got my ambition and my reluctancy to settle for a mediocre life. 


They're different people now, but my parents were terrible growing up. It made me realize that I needed to be constantly in pursuit of something better. I knew there had to be more to life than what I had back then. I didn't have any friends growing up and couldn't connect to anyone around me. I got into a lot of fights in high school and never fit in. I felt really alone for most of my childhood and teenage years; however, I continued to do extremely well in school. I graduated high school when I was 16 and moved away immediately. Everyone told me I was crazy and would be back within days, so naturally I had a burning desire to prove everyone wrong. I got a job, a really disgusting tiny apartment, and worked my way up. I left that job when I was 20 to finish college. Now I'm 22, preparing for med school, I have a house, I work from home, I have a functioning but distant relationship with my family, and overall I'm extremely happy with my life. 


And writing this out made me realize I should probably be in therapy. Thanks, reddit!I never type people. If I'm curious or if I want to have a conversation about it then I just introduce them to it and ask them to take the test. Oh my god, this happens to me so much. I probably lucid dream anywhere from 2-4 times a week. I've always had intense dreams. Most of the time something happens that makes me either wake up completely or start changing the storyline in the middle of my dream. And I remember *a lot* of it too. I actually started keeping a journal this year of all of my dreams. ISFP!!!!!!! ENTJ: ambitious, workaholic, neat, neurotic, and perfectionist! When I make my sim self I sometimes do hot-headed instead of neurotic and excitable or genius instead of perfectionist. 

ENTP: good sense of humor, computer whiz, charismatic, genius, childish or excitable ExxPsENTJ as fuck. But he's unhealthy and sounds like a younger me. Also sounds kind of annoying. I really don’t get along with any ISTPs I know. It’s a very distinct personality clash actually. They seem to think they know better than me/are condescending, and I mostly think they’re obnoxious rednecks who are just stuck in their ways. I only know a handful, but that’s the only type that I actively avoid interacting with. Would rather bang my head against a wall. :)ENTP but I’m probably biased! I like INFJ men a lot usually too.[Libertarian socialism](https://imgur.com/a/oLXIb) All of the INTPs in this thread got the same thing as me. WeirdI am hilarious So true. Typed me correctly, ENTJ. *barf*This guy is pretty clearly a piece of absolute shit. 7Of course MBTIs don't always make or break a relationship, I'm just interested in hearing some personal stories and sparking some more discussion on this topic. 

As an ENTJ female, I tend to build the most successful friendships with INTPs, but I have never considered escalating to a romantic relationship with an INTP even though our functions should theoretically provide the most compatibility. 

My most successful relationship was with an INTJ, and least successful relationships with ESTJs and ISTJs. ISTJs usually rub me the wrong way and we seem to clash in every way imaginable, but I have found myself in relationships with them again and again. Ironically, I tend to end up with and befriend quieter and more reserved types and shy away from people of my own type. Has anyone else experienced this? Has anyone ever been in a relationship with someone of the same type? I have never even befriended another ENTJ, so I'm curious to know if others tend to gravitate toward their own personality types.


In the *Dating and Type* article on celebritytypes.com (can't share the link now, the website is turning up the error page), couples are said to ideally have the same feeling-thinking axes. It reasons that two people should use the same metric for value judgements and interpersonal &amp; intrapersonal understanding. I'm not sure of how the website is perceived around here but the article seems reasonable enough.I read the tradition bit on Si to the tune of the song (from *Fiddler on the Roof*).My girlfriend is ISTJ, any questions? I can give a lot of insight into ISTJ relationship dynamics.Her mannerisms are very prim and proper, and she dresses nicely (a lot of old-fashioned clothing that belonged to her grandmother). ISxJs often seem to speak in a very refined manner and my girlfriend (her name is Alicia) is no exception. While ISxJs are often stereotyped as closed-minded, Alicia is anything but. While she naturally trusts her experience and is skeptical of anything ungrounded, she is not at all dogmatic or unwilling to try something new. Alicia is a classical pianist and can sight-right and play complex works but has a hard time with improvisation (this is to be expected, or at least preferred, by ISxJs). Alicia is sometimes reluctant to open up to others and is afraid of vulnerability. At the beginning of our relationship, it was hard for her to trust me, and it was hard for her to feel relaxed when she first made the effort. We were both mildly drunk when we first met at a Christmas party, and our lower functions were formative in our first impressions. Alicia's Ne really showed, making her seem very playful and outgoing. Meanwhile, my Se really came out and I seemed like the womanizer car salesman stereotype of ESxPs. People stereotype xNxJs as masterplanners but I think this is more common among xSxJs. Planning and goal-setting are often confused by people, so that's where this misconception comes from. Anyone who has ever had an xSxJ boss (i.e. everyone) should know how meticulously they can plan every detail.That's right, I was referring more to lower functions than lowest function. Considering that I was drunk (unusual for me), I was probably on a bit of an Se binge in general. 
Let's see.

Mother: ENTP

Father: INTP

Grandmother 1: ESTJ

Grandmother 2: ISFJ

Me: ENTJ

I am closest to grandmother 1 for sure. I get along with my entire family (ish) but we do have our differences.You missed one:

"I'm x% of [insert letter here], therefore I must be ____."  (bonus points for it being close to the dividing point between the letters, therefore leading them to claim that they are BOTH, when in reality they're an xSFJ)Maybe it's an extra version of it?

Pun intended.Okay, going through this step by step.

A lot of the kids in my class who were at the top of the class in marks were STJ kids. Why? They had their expectations clearly defined, did well at time management, studied for everything. Si-Te in some order. The one exception was one Ne dom. If that's what you mean by academic intelligence, there's your answer.

However, do marks really reflect academic intelligence? Not necessarily; the vast majority of my class studied for tests and exams, and not to learn. They struggled to apply concepts if the questions were not straight out of the book, because they relied on wrote memorization. Truly, if someone were academically intelligent, they'd be able to apply it. That's where the Ne dom shined. What she forgot on tests she made up for in application (and bullshitting).

I am of course by no means saying STJs are smarter, or dumber, but two things: from what I've seen, Si-Te has a real correlation with marks, but marks are not the be all end all marker of academic intelligence. This could also be a poor sample or could extend to other SJs as well. On average though I believe there is a trend.Bang on. ENTJ Horned Serpent/Slytherin. Good job.

I'm just waiting for more information on the houses. Yeah yeah background and all that, but I want more characteristics and actual stuff to work with.
What types do you think you might be? why? Do you know of cognitive functions? Which do you think you use most? which one is your weakest/worst? You might ironically answer your question answering those questions I have asked you. If not give these answers and maybe we can start typing you.

(I have already stereotyped you btw)INTP.ISTP. But since then I have changed my view. The best places to look when trying to type yourself is your best and worst functions imo.

I thought I was an ENTP because I hate plans. (detailed, knitty-gritty pre-written), but I felt more resonance with the ENTJs. But your inferior function can sell out a lot. Damned Fi...

The thing with your definition of Te is... most ST types would love that lol. But I'll go with the ESTJ assumption for now. How do you deal with emotions? what do you tend to think like/feel like when things are really bad?

For me, with my Damned Fi (which would be yours if you were an ESTJ).. when things are bad... I'll shut down. I'll think of all these great things I want to do, but either don't have the motivation to try for, or simply can't do... I'll feel worthless and bitter... but then eventually I'm back to trying to accomplish stuff and regain my sense of self worth.

Another good question is do you relate more to Ni or Si? because my gut feeling tells me you're an ESTPIt's always hard to understand, because Ni is such a weird function and it's rarely explained well. I doubt my explanation would be accurate but it would serve it's purpose here. And Si is so bogged by stereotypes, but here we go. They're both introverted perceiving functions so they tend to do similar things, but differently. They both look to the past to understand what is going on, and what is likely to go on the future.

I'll start with heavy Si. If you're an ISTJ or ESTJ, it's really your main way of seeing the world. Si would look to past experiences or some solid reference point when attempting to measure something. To determine whether it's good or bad, and to predict the future. Stereotypically it would sound like "Todd was late for our meeting 4 months ago. He was late last week. You can be damn well sure he'll be late tomorrow".

Ni tends to be a bit more... Loose? with it's storage, preferring to store information as concepts rather than experiences. You'll tend to look to the gist of things and from there try to formulate what would happen based on that.

So unlike Si, Ni would tend to ignore some details (because if you already have enough information you can run with it), while Si tends to not really work well unless there's a solid reference point (which is what usually causes that "i won't believe it until I see it" and stereotypical (and sorry to use parentheses inside of parentheses, but I emphasize STEREOTYPICAL) reliance on norms, traditions and preservation of order)

But if you're an STP, you'd have weak Ni which mightn't be the whole "space trip" it would feel like for me or this friendly INTJ here... but more of a gut feeling, and conceptual/big picture thinking would be available... just not really your focus, and probably even struggle with/feel insecure about.

Lots of information. Too bad you aren't an INTP lolYou're an ESTJ. 

Your statements (and your username) wreak of Te. 

&gt; When it's rough I'm the guy who buckles down, says let's get this done, and starts making the plan for how to do it.

Your words also speak of a weaker, (but not weakest) Ne. 

&gt; The idea that facts and bottom lines are important resonates but so do symbolism and metaphors.

And the way you dismissed your weakness like

&gt;  I will get angry but it's superficial anger, usually playing it up a bit for effect, then it's gone and I'm on to getting things finished.

and

&gt; there are moments where I can feel overwhelmed emotionally and need to regroup but it's never too long of a funk.

Clinical depression aside. That's a pretty EXXJ thing to say. Like... Even mines had one while I was trying to HIGHLIGHT IT

&gt;  I'll feel worthless and bitter... but then eventually I'm back to trying to accomplish stuff

Welcome to EXTJ family. We're gonna get along really well til your Si and my Ni ways cause conflict and then we're gonna move along cuz neither of us have time for reflecting on dumb shit like that :D Enjoy your day/Ask more questions if you'd like. I'll be here about 10 hours from nowMeanwhile there are INFJs always hanging on r/ENTP and vice versa. ENTPs love toying with INFJs... They're mysterious puzzles. Don't know of any ENFJ-ENTP, but I would imagine most of the puzzle is gone and the potential to hurt the ENFJs feelings increase... but /shrugAlmost everything you said sounded like it came from really heavy Ti. You also embody a few stereotypes that I can't name off the top of my head. The only thing that I was debating was whether you were Ne or Se. But then... You said a lot of things that were stereotypically Ne. I could be wrong (hell you could be an ESTJ or some other weird combo of letters, but I get that INTP feel from you.Also from my experience (emphasizing this for those who will claim Argument by Generalization) INFJs that aren't the confident and sure type like Hitler was really love ENTPs. Once they don't distract them from important things, they see them as fun, exploring things that interest them, and don't come with all the emotional baggage that they so often overwhelms them when they "absorb" it through their Ni-Fe process /shrug2My opinion, I think dominant functions ranked from extroversion to introversion would look like this: 

Fe - Extrovert  
Se - Extrovert  
Ne - Ambivert  
Te - Ambivert  
Si   - Ambivert  
Fi  - Ambivert  
Ti  - Introvert  
Ni  - Introvert  


Scale subject to correction as it's completely based on my subjective and uninformed opinionI just really don't care. Although I enjoy the company of anyone with something interesting to say/doWhy? why? why? why? why? why? why?  
How? How? How? How? How? How?  
That's bullshit.... possibly.. Hmm....

Lol


Usually a snap judgement, the majority of my thinking is screening the importance of what information comes to me. What you had for breakfast? irrelevant. Who your favorite football player is? note taken and will be disposed of soon. Your opinion of me? The gist of it will be stored. Information that can lead to a business idea? Fully digested into the hive (my mind)

All things deemed important are entered into the hive, where for the sake of connection (hence memory) they are broken down into the important parts, then searched for even more underlying meanings, patterns, symbols, related things. (this is where my whys, hows, and probably bullshits happen). Any information here can be subject to the "what will happen next" test. This is often internal monologues at best. From there I then think about what is the best path to take... Though tbh most information doesn't get that far.


To answer your examples. I do have internal (lol more like external) monologues (blame it on the Te). Being external helps me hear it yes. Mental map? I can't see it but I guess you can call it that. Highly visual? not really highly visual, more moderately visual. Memory? Absolute garbage, I barely remember anything that happened at work today. Thinking on independent tracks? Not sure, Don't think it happens often. I'm more of a homogenizer of the contradictory than one who processes them independently (E.g. Everyone is inherently a good person, seeking the benefit of themselves, the ones they care about and then the benefits of those around them, so everyone can be trusted. But trust no one)This could also be an actual INFJTo be fair "Ethereal void of intuitive impressions" is probably an accurate description for how it feels... for Ni doms.

I just like to think of Ni as a less solid Si (how it feels to me). As though you're just looking through a less stable, less detailed more flexible version of Si, where you're looking at the gist of what concepts and theories and yes... underlying patterns you got in the past to get an understanding of what you're thinking about and futher visualize  the future... Though like Ne there can be seriously weird tangents leading to (some say seemingly, my Te says definitely) unrelated ideasAlso remember, your type doesn't matter in the broad scheme of thingsImagine chaos. A bossy mother, a seemingly distant father, a rebellious first daughter, and a second daughter who just exists until it's time for her to leave the house.

I see a distant and mysterious dad, that not even mom fully understands, but when prodded/he deems it necessary always tries to give advice to his two daughters, and especially to the mother (who has a more active role in their daughters life)  

A mother who REALLY pushes her daughters to succeed. Get smart. Get talented. Separate yourself from the pack and make life your bitch. Often argues with dad about how to raise the kids and what's best for them, really wants them to succeed. Tries to give them advice, often hurts INFJ by mistake, and argues with INFP daughter all the time.  

INFP would try to figure out her dad (assuming he's around a lot) and be amused by his musings as long as he fall in to the "how to live your life" speeches she's accustomed to hearing from mom. but really, best friends with her INFJ sister. Likely to become much bolder and strong willed than your average INFP, appreciate mom later in life. Pursue down some path mom doesn't approve of itself, but mom does admire her courage and conviction.  

The INFJ is probably growing to growup feeling stressed with the arguments that happen, really just looking to either fix the environment, or leave the house. Would probably be more willing to adhere to mom's advice than her sister, but then when mom says something that makes her feel incompetent, shut down often. Probably would eventually try to be the one who keeps everyone calm, relatively successfully I might add. And anytime mom gets her down, her sister is always there to try to cheer her up.  

INTJ dad... He already knows his wife. There's not much he has to say/needs to do, or really can say/do for that matter. The house sustains itself. The mother provides direction/drive for the daughters, and the daughters provide the support for each other that is destined to last a long time.  

(Synthesized stereotypes and surface level mbti knowledge to create this scenario)Me: ENTJ

Mom: ISFP

Brother: INFP

Cousin: ISTJ

Dad: INTJ (He does not live with us)  

Not the most pleasant of households lolTests are based on self-perceived behaviour. I usually test as an ENTP, on rare occasions ENFP. Today is the first day I've truly tested ENTJ (and by a ridiculously small J margin)  

If they're really your friends, if you're familiar with cognitive functions, you can probably make a better guess than any test can  

Have you forgotten that these types have 3rd and 4th functions? lol  
Fe may uphold social rules, expectations, opinions etc.. but without question? 3rd/4th Ti are literally the people MOST likely to question these (1st/2nd Ti doms tend to question about any and everything, norms, conventions, Einstein, What's in the Krabby Patty Secret Formula...) but the primary questions I see Fe users ask are "Did this help?" "Was this ok?" "Is everyone feeling better?" "Should I have said something different?" "Did I do enough?" (Are the social conventions I'm upholding working for the people I'm imposing it on???). Hell in my experience I've seen them over question it.  

I'm not gonna try to defend Te. Instead I'll just I really love the Te-Ti dynamic and a smart Te user would use your Ti skills to make the arbitrariness go away and simply uphold the soulless factor of it (though I'd argue with that Te-Ti love going into it... it's gonna have soul)&gt; But isn't it possible for a Fe user to intentionally influence the social atmosphere negatively, to the point where, for example, they are feared?

[Hmm.....](https://imgur.com/gallery/czcJJ)

Coated in stereotypes and generalizations (I seriously act like the 16 personalities ENTP description).... but yes. It really is one of the best descriptions for beginners to get into.

What you got seems to work, adjust it as you see fit, maybe bookmark some Youtube videos for if your friends get into it.I'll meet you half way and concede that the 4th is fully repressed. I find the 3rd is often ever present and not hated, it just gets 'underused' cuz it primarily just helps the aux out.  

Real life examples:

INFJ going into complete crippling analysis after she hurt a friends feelings

INTP friend being proud of his accumulation of facts. He'll explore the various possibilities but generally he'll come back to "either way, these are facts in history" (admit it. all that Ne power is really just to fill your Si bank)

ISTJ with powerful (yet not very expressed) feelings. Gets very personally involved with any tasks he thinks "needs to be done". Calls me out for my immorality and lack of desire to stand for things. 

The real point here is. Te-Ti is ridiculously great once the Te user learns to not say "what's the point" and Ti doesn't just nitpick "actually is spelled with 2 L's". Just make sure you message me. I'm u/MadMarx5 in case you didn't notice. Just give me the heads up if yall start implementing shit so I can plan the rest of my enslaved life.I often do wonder if I'm an ENTP.

Then I run in to the real thing.. Then it's like... you are going way too fast, way too many directions and I'm not sure how we got here...

Then I head to r/entj and fit in like a glove

Then I head to r/entp and I can sense the difference

Then cognitive function wise. I really think in Te (How are we going to do this? Do I need to do something? Who needs to do something? How can we make this so I won't have to remember this again?) and Ni (There's a bigger picture here. An analogy, a concept in play. Lemme show you how *the* future is gonna go down based on what I've seen)  


I doubt I'm Ti. And Ne doesn't sound right. i'm 75% confident I'm ENTJ. 5% chance of being INTJ, 3% chance of being XSFP (which would be freaking amusing)... I'll put the rest on ENTP/INFP/MBTI is complete garbage.  

But yeah, ENXPs generally struggle with coming to conclusions (Conclusions means no more Ne'ing around). and if one gets ENTP as their initial result... they'll stereotypically question that too. (compared to me who was willing to accept the result once the test was validated by testing all my friends to see if they got "oh my this thing is accurate" results too)Whoops. 

Bad wording on my part. 

When I say fully repressed I don't mean it in a "isn't used, has no effect" way, more in a "I'm gonna ignore this/fight this", which is usually why it becomes "all or nothing". I can't say I've met and typed and completely understood an FJ before, but I know I sure as hell repress Fi almost as much as possible. I been saying "my feelings do not matter", "I'll change who I am if it gets me a better outcome", "I don't care about morals, I care about results" (I could compile a list of phrases if you'd like). Not to say I don't use Fi. But where it's at, it's more of a power source/course correction mechanism for Te at best. One that still often gets ignored... Til it doesn't... then WOW.

I'd imagine it's similar for you in a sense, (if you're anything like my INFJ) where you can and will ponder, query and come to your own conclusions, BUT, once that comes in to conflict with those Fe needs, you'll fight it ("How can I think that about that person? That's mean. How would he feel if I thought that. Stop thinking this). Repressed Ti doesn't mean incapable of thought, just as repressed Fi doesn't mean incapable of emotion and moral judgement. It just means it's the function that's most likely to undo your primary and thus often the target of ignoring (Te-Fi, my morals and feelings getting in the way of my goals, objectives. and Fe-Ti, your opinions that lead to disharmony and distraught amongst those you care about)


I am subject to correction though, I'd love to be wrong here lol As long as I'm allowed sex, food and interesting discussions and I'll forget about raising a son.Ni Master race

EDIT: Also sorry about your mom and what not. Hope things work outYou'll be surprised how much Te and Fi doms will naturally fight. I'm working on not trying to be full robo-aggressive. Tbh I find Fe doms better... y'all just need to give me time to build up the threshold for hugs and feel good, unnecessary compliments lol

Edit: I meant to say never met an EXFJ, not just FJ. got a decent number of possible INFJsgood enough 5 me&gt; Hehehe well, we love you too :)

u/peppermint-kiss... pls.. lol  

But you're right @ try a few times. I've only conversed with about 4 Fi doms properly (one is my mother). They always ended up hating me (though to be fair 2 of them are basically exes lol) (They were also ISFPs, not INFPs, so idk /shrugMy mother doesn't hate me... it's more of a love/tolerate relationship lol  

And of course I'm nice. You're not in my waySounds like inferior Te to me. I keep hearing that your 4th function tends to be all or nothing... maybe tertiary Si (not much to work with.  

I think 4th function Te would operate like you're describing. Either we're not organizing, accomplishing or actualizing anything, or we're attacking with full force, not resting until everything is done and making sure NOTHING stops that.  You would probably ironically go more all in with it than necessary, super packing, super organizing, super scheduling and trying hard for something that really doesn't require that much effort..ISFJ  would be Si-Fe-Ti-Ne. So no. I don't believe you have Fe so I'll rule it out. and unless you're an ESXP, it's hard to have Ni and see things as black and white... It's more, shades of gray. Though there is a one-ness, it's usually more like a confidence interval (somewhere in this region) than an assured zone with lines to cross (This is correct, anything else is wrong). 

In fact I can't see an Ni user really saying "black and white" like that. We tend to think we're more open minded than we ACTUALLY are (was a big news flash to me, even though people kept on telling me otherwise). 

Tbh. You could really be an ESTJ, or you could be INFP... ISTJ... ISFP... the list goes on.. You're just a paragraph on the internet and a few reactionary comments.  
Here's why I think you're either INFP or just young


1) You seemed to prioritize relationships over career, school etc. (relevance to this discussion wise). Which makes an Fi &gt; Te a more likely possibility than Te &gt; Fi


2) Again lower functions tend to go ham or be dormant. You're describing this Te like behaviour as though when it happens, it happens too much. Too intensly. Overbearingly so.. 


3) Pointing again to dormant lower functions, I'm not really feeling that Fi really gets brushed aside/ignored with you. I think both thinking and feeling doms can go all in with their emotions when it comes to relationships, but such is unlikely for me (as a self-proclaimed Te dom) until I get really comfortable with you, not just being in a relationship with you (where I'm still trying to figure out where you are going to be put in the grand scheme of things).  


4) You sound like you're uncomfortable with Te itself (and Si if Si is what it is) and not just it's consequences. Again pointing to being a probable weak point.  


5) This black and white drive you described, doesn't sound like it's geared towards any specific goals/desired outcomes/manifestations of an ideal system Te doms stereotypically thrive for.. It sounds more... situational or reactionary... Reminiscent of perceiver types.  


6) Your responses here give off a determined (I guess you can say Assertive a la 16personalities, though I sorta distrust that term and it's labelling, but it's a useful enough label here) Fi-Ne vibe  


7) ENFP is ruled out because I think it would be REALLY hard for any ENXP to even fathom the phrase "black and white", not that there aren't things that will be black and white to them, but it would certainly not be prominent enough to be a way of life for them. 


8) Stereotyping bonus point.... Thinking.... In the subway?... Sounds like Daydreaming to me.... Tch... typical INFP /s


Or you could be some warped ENTP. Again. I  don't know you. Just your stated perception of one aspect about you.&gt; Is always right (??but then again she is always right) 

I mean it hasn't failed before OP.I think Fe users lie the most anyway, they're the ones with experience.  

But the best liar I know is an ISTJ. He doesn't do it often though. Just perfectly.I'm looking at this and I feel the need to clarify. The Fe users I've seen lie, but I don't "manipulate". At worst they'll feign obliviousness to make something they've set up seem not so set up, e.g. "hey fancy meeting you here" (Although I knew you'd be here cuz you're here at this time every week and I actually went out of my way just to be here so I could meet you), but most lies are those feel good white lies. "It's fine, I don't mind you staying over" for example.


Manipulation prize goes to us heavy Te users. (which I guess have Fi). It's actually sad how often in my experience Te-type goals require some level of manipulation to pull off. To be important, and to go down as a historical figureWe hardcore now! Ever heard about our Lord and savior Jesus Christ?! Accept Him and accept Him NOW! OR I WILL BE OFFENDED&gt; You left out the part where they are the lord and savior

Better?MBTI is both a tool and a toy, depending on what I'm using it for.

If I don't understand somebody. If I'm trying to understand someone's thought process, and devise actions that probably will/will not make sense. It's a tool not to be clouded by these other judgements.  


If we're on this board (unless someone is actually asking for help or something), it's a toy for discussion. I rather the "which type is more likely to lie" discussions here, it's the right level of pseudo-intellectual. If you bogged this place down to a 8 cognitive functions only chat.... This place wouldn't be as lively as it could be. 


That being said we should still probably sticky this PSA or something so the young'uns on the block don't get tainted with your misinformation laden games.You are more less right. I see where you're coming from and I respect you, and I actually thought that's what you meant (that last part in the original post kinda sold that out lol).

(I was actually planning to do my own PSA this Friday but now that you did it it's gonna look like I'm ripping you off. That's not why I made this counter point. I literally just don't want this board to become a "everyone is unique, mbti doesn't predict anything" default answer board. But still... you bastard)I think it would correlate, but definitely not 100%.

I know some Type B XXXJs.... including myself to an extentHow about an Si dom. A seasoned ISTJ would give both of them a run for their money. Also nothing stings more than getting your ass handed to you by an ESTJ in a strat game (The boasting and insults)Maybe it does, maybe it doesn't, but 2 things

1) MBTI's I vs. E isn't about being outgoing or liking talking with strangers vs. being alone with only trusted friends. It's about primarily focusing on the inner world vs. outer world. (you probably know this already)  

2) It's likely that this theory (MBTI) is very inaccurate anyway, but at least it's useful and accurate enough. The theory as it stands however is that your cognitive preferences do not change. If Fi is your dom, it will always be your dom, even when Ne develops and your desire to explore increases, and even when Si develops and starts to be more comfortable........ Fi will always be your lead.


Being said though... I've read that you start developing your other fucntions as you grow older. It seems agreed that as a teen you can't really pin down a type because there's a huge chance you weren't yourself (I would say I used to act like a smart ESFP as a child) but as you grow older, your aux really starts to come in to play, and with it, it's tendencies, meaning extraverts may act more 'socially introverted' and introverts may act more 'extroverted', even though their type has not changed. 


But MBTI is only one small facet of the human mind (that again... is probably not 100% right anyway) and there's much more than mental focus that goes in to extraverted vs introverted behaviour (ESPECIALLY AS A GODDAMN TEEN)Test, based on self perceived behaviour, of the entire adult population (a.k.a. the working world) and we don't expect certain types of results from the tests? 

Hmm...Zooming in and getting things done is more of a Si-Te relationship. Ni is more like zooming all the way out and looking down at everythingGood point. But we're a team. We lie together :)

Edit: No homoProve it."Don't let your dreams be dreams"What I think is ironic is that often the complaints I hear about ESFJs are along the lines of what we EXTJs do on a daily basis (the "unhealthy" ones that is)

But yes, we live on a sub where those 4 letters are enough to upset those with a hollow understanding of the theory (and I'd imagine it is the same people who don't really understand MBTI that would bash ESFJs anyway). TL;DR:  
The tests are unreliable, The descriptions are vague and riddled with stereotypes and generalizations so you'll find some descriptions are off. The typing itself isn't necessarily bunk though, but it's really more about how you think (cognitive functions) rather than your behaviour (Risk-taking adrenaline junkyism)



1) The test is unreliable, and the descriptions that go beyond the cognitive functions are going to be hit and miss. It would paint tendencies, stereotypes and the like. Almost no one is going to get a 'spot on' definition in MBTI beyond: "You primarily use these functions in this order of priority"

2) "I always think before I do something risky"  
A stereotypically ISTP thing to say actually. Granted everyone is different, but I'm sure risk taking is something an ISTP would do, just after some thought. I can make baseless generalizations about how an ISTJ would avoid risk, and an ESTP would be more of a compulsive risk-taker, but it's generalizations like that... that brought you here in the first place.


3) Remember MBTI is about how you think in a sense, or what kind of information you prioritize, and how you process said information, rather than what actions you generally take (though you will tend to act a certain way if you process information a certain way obviously). Your best bet (if you choose to go down the road of typing yourself) is to understand the cognitive functions. In your case as an ISTP, your priorities in this order would be

Ti - Introverted Thinking  
Se - Extraverted Sensing  
Ni - Introverted Intuition  
Fe - Extraverted Feeling 


Each of them have libraries of bullshit information to sort through online, you can also ask us about it too. Most people here are willing to try and be MBTI sages for whatever reason or the other.  

But don't limit your search to just ISTP if you have doubts. You might be surprised.It's only disgusting to us (Thinkers) and only when we notice it.  

Not engaging in such behaviour is actually considered disgusting in the real world in most cases (even to many thinkers).11?Groupthink is not a sin when the group is right. Well if you're not giving more than 100% you're worthless creatures. :pAny form of power is useful power.  
If you look good, and you are strong, people will have have more respect for you than if you don't (I also use large words a lot irl so I wouldn't come off as a meat head)ENTJ: The kid who keeps asking "When are we gonna use this stuff in real life"Source: My entire school lifeI was being equally serious  


We're NTs, but we're super focused on application of theory. No application? Might as well have no theory.Idk. I was a student back when I was in school, and I was an ENTJ. This is creepily accurateNever met an ISFP that I didn't make retreat. I always hurt their feelings. I always scare them. I always say things that makes them go "nuh uh I don't like that". And when they do that retreat and huddle thing (usually based on one or two things I said in a really large point), it actually pisses me off and I back off.   

I have had ISFPs as friends, girlfriends, "friends with tension", managers. The result is always the same... Except for my mother... We actually have a good bond and I admire her style of parenting to an extent.Not MBTI related: Plans to do anything better this year? 

MBTI related: What makes you come to this board despite the bias against Sensing types?I have multiple questions actually broken down in to sub-questions. Feel free to pick which ones you want to answer you XSXJs (other types can input but I need a better answer than "they look to the past" for these answers)


1. Si/SJ types are always painted as hard working, loyal, dedicated, reliable folks.... Granted it would not apply to EVERY SJ, but it seems that having high Si begets a tendency toward these characteristics (also a hatred for laziness). What is it about using heavy Si that drivers this sort of pattern? Can you relate to these tendencies? What makes you try to be all these things (and despise laziness) (if you do that is)


2. What I have found interesting is that Si doms, are classified as introverts, yet speaking from experience, it seems that Si users (particularly Si doms) seem to engage in, promote and facilitate small talk the most. Always asking (what seems to me) pointless questions. (e.g. Who was with you again? Didn't he buy a car recently? I thought he was together with Rebecca? Is Rebecca still fat? Didn't Rebecca have a friend that took driving lessons with her? What does Rebecca's friend eat for lunch?). Do you relate to this as well? Does this have any relation to Si or is this just coincidences I've witnessed.  


3. What does an Ne grip technically play out and feel like to you?   



4. Considering the general dislike for XSXJs on the mbti board, what makes you come to this board honestly? I'm not saying you can't be enthusiasts/interested in mbti and discussing mbti, but I often wonder if y'all get tired of the reverse role bashing where we bash the same "loyal, hardworking sheeple" that bash us Intuitives (and to an extent ESXPs) in real life. What makes you come here despite the negative stigma?   



5. I'm sure Si users can have bad memory. Maybe I am such a person who knows. But, if you had really bad memory (memory gets hazy after 5 minutes, and by the end of the day you remember maybe one or two events at best)... Do you think you'd be able to function? Like normally? How would you imagine living that kind of life?   



6. How likely are you to consider other methods of doing things if you have a working method? How resistant are you to change? 



7. My opinion on Ni and Si is that they're both models of internal perception that uses acquired experiences, models, principles to judge things against, and to determine what the future entails. For all this looking to the past thing I hear, SJs always seem to talk about what WILL happen. BUT. The ones I know (which grinds my gears a bit) seem to really tap into and judge the past, reflecting on things that have ALREADY happened and CANNOT be changed, and will hold grudges/scold people for their past actions, rather than idk.. fixing the problems and moving on?.... Real question here is. How future minded are you? Do you think focusing on the past has ever made you brood over it rather than fixing your present/future situation?



8. Lastly, You. What do you think life as an ISFJ has been like? What are your goals in life and do you see yourself being happy and achieving them?


Lots of questions, no tl;dr. I actually have recently been wondering a lot about Si and wanted to hear about it from you SJs 


(Unsurprsingly the SJs I know in real life tend to not be interested in MBTI.  
Common reasons are:  


* It's "foolishness" especially since it is not substantiated by facts   
* Cannot be solidly proven.  
* They often have "accurate" character judgements, so they don't need any theory for that.  



And anytime I try to ask conspicuously I just get "that's how things are done/that's just what normal people do/that's a weird question" )Answered questions are the best kind of question.


Thanks AngeBonus round! 

1) Do you think having heavy Si makes you so focused on process that you'll neglect a better outcome? (Meaning not so much, doing things the right way instead of a "not proven but it *should* work way. But more along the lines of... analogically speaking...


You: "We sail west before turning around"  
Cabin Boy: "If we sail west now we'll hit those rocks"  
You: "Look we must sail west, I don't care if we'll hit the rocks, we're supposed to sail west"  


Kinda way... Meaning so focused on a perfect process that you'd neglect a better outcome?  


2) How do you feel speaking about (conceptual?), unproven, unwitnessed, Realistic-yet-out there ideas? Also how do you feel about people being vague both in normal conversation and when they're giving you instructions at work/school/home?  


Bonus bonus round. Do I seem ESTJ'ish to you? I doubt I am, but I'd like to hear your take cuz I'm really sure many of us high (dom/aux) Ni users are actually Si users, and if I'm gonna witch hunt, I'm gonna start with me lolAlso INXJs tend to be hard to understand. Ni itself is a mystery to most (myself included) since almost all explanations seem completely made up. Then there's the stereotype of "cool mastermind, always intelligent, always knows". Combine that with the number of INTJ/INTJ wannabees online... What did you think would happen? It's hard to understand, something people desire, and many online identify with it.  


... You know, it would sound conceited, but if you have a shallow understanding of MBTI and believe these things about INTJs (what you need in order to have the belief that INTJs are so superior to other human beings)... why not just want to be an ENTJ so that you get all the "INTJ powers" WITHOUT the drawback of having human interaction drain you?


EDIT: GrammarToo easy. We're smart so we can do it. And since we're extroverts we have the energy to do so.  


Check.  


(This is still sarcasm btw, I don't actually believe that, e.g. I'm really not THAT smart lol)Retake the test, or replace your friends for better results.EXFPr/infj..... What a mystery that is to me...Can confirm. My mind is always running... it really never shuts up.I've also heard of tert/inf Ti users being prone to over-thinking, and being extra critical of themselves. How legit you think that claim is?Says here I'm an ESFJ. One of us is wrong. Though it would be amusing if I was an ESFJ lolThis is both a legitimate point and an example of the "infj deadpan sarcasm".Oh. Cool.&gt; Pick one   

What would you call it then when there's the ironic, biting double meaning of sarcasm, but instead of the *usual inflections*, it's delivered with a straight face? Cuz that's what my INFJ does. 


Expressive? yes. During joke? not mine lol. Nervous laughter after the reaction? most definitely.  


I'd debate stereotypes with you but you sound like you know many INFJs so I'll concede for now.Well put together, very informative and well explained. This is ALL you need to know to understand the 16 types. This guide is 100% legit and completely not a joke.Anyone who lets them be themselves.Accuracy? Freedom from stereotypes? Freedom from personal biases? A hive mind of relatively okay understanding? Further discussion? A description not solely based on stereotypes and/or tendencies that may be hit or miss? (I guess the warmth of a human being but how warm is Verdana font from anonymous strangers on the internet?) Better ability to correctly type outliers (me the unsuccessful and unmotivated ENTJ, my very social and outgoing INTJ friend, my "creative, daydreaming, absent minded" ISFP ex, etc.), and also what about a second opinion just for the sake of it? And of course... it's grounds for good ol' fashioned discourse... Also a way for Ni doms/wannabe Ni doms to get other people to identify them as Ni doms so that they get help with their mental masturbation of "I'm so Ni, I'm so unique"... but that's really a subpoint.  


A list off the top of my head of things the tests are missing that may be present hereHere's some merit to her the overall statement there (cuz let's face it, from the time genetics got brought up all respect went out the window). It is not true. Science does not claim "truth", it claims "facts", facts that are subject to being discarded once proof that said facts are incorrect. "None of it is true" is indeed a fact by this definition.  


Statistics are also the best form of "educated guesses", using what we know to "infer" judgements about a population. Meaning we really never know 100%, and we can be wrong.  


I'm trying to throw this person a bone cuz these are better arguments, and if we're gonna argue, at least do it right.



However u/L7k5u8 by your standards nothing is true, since nothing is certain, since all knowledge is based (directly or indirectly) on perceptions. Even recordable data can be inaccurate (very inaccurate at times). Your senses and your equipment can deceive you, not everything is at it seems. *that* is a fact. But then it makes no sense to think since we'll never *know 100%*. 


The idea behind statistics (which is a very tried, tested and developed field) is that if you gather enough information, and use the information right, you can make guesses that are so accurate even if it's not accurate (you might guess 40% of Americans know who Young Thug is, but the actual percentage is 41.3%) that it makes sense to assume that it's right. But you don't seem to be swayed by reason, or more like.. you're trying to sway reason to fit your POV. It's sickening.  

Added note: Upon further reading of links I think ScalSaver already addressed everything I said, but Ima keep my opinion here anyway cuz why not.MBTI is not about stereotyping (though you can use it for that purpose if you like... it's just not gonna get you anywhere far), it's about gauging your underlying thought processes, what you **focus** on cognition wise. Beyond that basic bottom line, you're gonna run in to tendencies which is cool, but tendencies would mean something like ENTPs are more likely to point out why you're wrong than ENFJs are, but not necessarily that *that* ENTP will point out why you're wrong while *that* ENFJ won't.   


But I'll ask this. So what if you understand others? There's really no harm in checking out this theory and testing it's validness. Personally I'm glad I found it cuz it helped to understand that people think VERY differently, and I can come to better conclusions than "She's just saying that cuz she's emotional and stupid and is not thinking". I have more meaningful answers, answers that I can use to solve problems better, and honestly, I'm just *a little less* of an asshole now that I have a "good enough" framework to look at people with.  


To answer your question about typing yourself/others. There's one thing that's agreed. Look at the cognitive functions underlying this 4 letter code. Each type has underlying functions in a priority.

E.g...  

ENTJ = Extraverted Thinking -&gt; Introverted Intuition -&gt; Extraverted Sensing -&gt; Introverted Feeling


Each of those have their own descriptions and significance based on the order they are laid out. Ask your yourself, which ones do I/this person seem to use the most.   


I say you're already on the board, may as well get involved, you either gain useful, interesting, exciting insights. Conformation of what you already knew without needing a theory, Or you waste time with theories that you deem inaccurate but still have a board with a bunch of strangers that are pretty decent to talk to about nearly anything you can think of (since what you think of is literally MBTI fodder)&gt; It claims neither. Good science describe. From principles to realities.

I guess, but granted these principles and realities are subject to correction once we find out what we thought was reality was wrong, this is why science requires facts to back up/serve as the foundation of theories. I however, will accept that and change my understanding science.



&gt; Drop those quotes, please. You're hurting my eyes and my heart.  


"Fine"


&gt; Also, it seems you made a mistake to who you answered.

I did that assuming thing again. I'm new to reddit (more or less) and I assumed that by mentioning him/her like that she would be notified (Like how Facebook does). It's for the best anyway, in this discussion you know more than me, you have stated, and linked things better than I can, if that didn't get through, it's best if u/L7k5u8 doesn't waste his/her time reading it anyway. 

&gt; I can't help but notice you got my nickname perfectly right. This pleases me a lot. 


Considering how much I agree with you, how well you fought your side and what not, it would be a disservice to you to not get it perfectly right.  


To me MBTI is "accurate enough to not be garbage" (just stating that, it's not an actual response to any specific point you made).


 

&gt; Also, I said I want to learn it already because a lot of people talk about it a lot and I want to be able to discuss it too instead of feeling dumb. 


I'm on a roll with missing points tonight, I must be tired.


Also quick note since you wish to learn EXXX =/= outgoing, not sure if you knew that or not but that's the weirdest part of this theory to me next to Ni (Introverted Intuition).  


I never really said everything has to do with MBTI. Depending on how scientific and accurate and useful you want it to be, you will be limited in what you can use MBTI to describe/define/relate to. 


Also when you say hobbyists, preferences and Myers-Briggs, what do you mean?.. not sure exactly what you're talking about and I'm already missing enough points tonight lol


The idea, anyway is that you learn the 8 cognitive functions, then do your best to see which functions are displayed and in what order. Tbh, if people are talking about it, it's probably casual "hobbyists" like us. Some think they're 100% scientific and accurate, most of us know we're just dicking around with a theory that just has some merit. I already decided to try and type you based on how you've talked and the concerns you've displayed here (ISTJ, tell me if that's wrong/not what the tests say)/


The descriptions beyond these 4/8 cognitive functions are going to have discrepancies. So you're an ISTJ. Doesn't mean you're traditional, never question authority, 100% afraid of change, dutiful, loyal or (though I have never met an ISTJ that wasn't) hardworking. Doesn't mean that when people start talking about what ifs you get a headache and don't get the point, none of that. All it means is that you primarily rely on Introverted Sensing, which is supported by your auxiliary function of Extraverted Thinking. All that's left to do from there is expand on what that means. Maybe see if it adds up to what you think you do/how u see things play out in your life/how people describe you.


Beyond that scientific reason is where we stop sticking to only that which is theoretically sound to make statements like "There's that ENTP playing devil's advocate again", or "INFJs love deadpan humour".  


This will probably piss you off but... The tests are guides at best, rely on the test as a guide as to where to look, not as a given final answer.  


&gt; What's those foundations ? I know the answer, but I want you to say it.  


I have reached to a point where demands &gt; my knowledge. I'll give my answer anyway, cuz I could always use better information.


Facts. Observations. Experimentation. Reasoning. You gather information. Come up with an explanation that fits. Test that explanation out to see if it is correct. Bam. New Theory (may include more trial and error than stated).


&gt;  makes you look like an internet equivalent of a Redneck. A huge dork just freshly arrived from IRL.  


In this analogy I'm still here cuz I heard you city folk had really huge TVs and other cool stuff but I still don't understand what y'all got them colourful tall buildings fer. But I did have some fast food and I am renting a place for about a month now. It aint got the scenery, but it sure as hell is a better place than that darn ol shack where I left my sister/wife. 


Also @ Ego stroking. I see the difference in our F focus. Any ego stroking I got would just go into a "you're goddamn right"&gt; axioms. It's unprovable theories and statements. Science is built from thin air



Like the redneck I am, I shall now use this important principle for much lesser purposes like pissing off my ISTJ friend. 



But I learned big words, and I understand what they mean.



&gt;  Nothing's absolute, like you had the intuition of.


I did *not* see what you did there I do care to analyse when it comes to any type of question. I have so many reasons for saying this. But that 6 word phrase is the result of serious thought. 1) I haven't led anything in 5 years.   
2) I keep my questions for authority to myself.   
3) I actually do try to compensate for people's sensitivities, unless I'm actually in full Te get this shit done mode.   
4) My plans change constantly, and I don't make any real plans oftenAn experiment? Let the witch hunt begin

1. An annoying place, filled with pain. Not sadness pain.. More like a headache. I can't really see an inner world, nor do I know exactly what you mean. It's a place filled with constant dialogue, unless something is happening, then it kinda gets brushed aside (I'm not very likely to notice something is happening). Actually my inner world is a place I somehow seem to dwell in often, but not pay much attention to unless I come across something interesting in there. In which case.. *dialogue intensifies*. recently my inner world has been clogged up by this MBTI stuff which is actually getting annoying. Cuz I'm not typing people often or really even using it consciously. It's just somehow occupying mindspace. Tbh i'm sure it's getting in the way of the more amusing inner dialogues and sights I had before.

2. Amusing conversation, recognition and the thought of success. The idea of being important excites me, doing work that actually results in significant progress excites me. I feel like not much excites my nowadays. I have a love/hate relationship with attention. I *LOVE* positive attention ("Man you're awesome, no one can do what you do") I hate being judged negatively ("You suck. You're stupid etc...). Most other forms of attention is just, either unacknowledged or not really valued. I do like "I like you" from the opposite sex though, but excessive displays of emotion not attached to success feels weird, even when it's about ideas (even though I get passionate about them myself). One of the most exciting feelings I have gotten is when I play League of Legends and legit lead a team to victory. Call the shots, stop people from fighting each other and focus on winning the game. Bonus points if we were losing and most teams would have lost under those conditions. Bonus points if they're strangers and not friends.
On a more important note are you sure you're really gonna be able to, and be willing to type everyone here by yourself before doing things with this information? I don't think this will amount to anything, but I do like your spiritIf it makes you feel any better, as an Ni user, i'm more likely to tell you what to do if you bounce an idea on me, rather than just absorb it (I'm actually surprised INTJs don't try to turn your ideas in to life lessons, cuz all the ones I've seen usually respond with One Sentence Life Guidelines)I feel like a confident INFJ would usually spill more than that. Most I've seen just kinda stand there and smile. Maybe it's coincidence but it seems IXXJs in general just give life lessons (even when they're joking).High Intuition (extraverted or introverted), High Fi (1st/2nd).  
INFPs have been know to daydream the most.  

The types I think of when I hear no day dreaming is ESTP and ESTJMy inner darkness?.... Right... People's darknesses usually exist on the inside...Keep pulling real things apart. ISTP so hard your Ni will be forced to keep up[On behalf of r/mbti](http://comment-cdn.9gag.com/image?ref=9gag.com#http://img-comment-fun.9cache.com/media/344a7f66143012202280153713_700wa_0.gif)Who the hell would openly/consciously state that authenticity is not important?A decent counter-point.... 

I'm sure there are people who value things above authenticity, but still think authenticity is important. I'm very sure there are those who really don't care about authenticity. But it's not something I think the majority of us would notice or admit. Even those who say "some things shouldn't be said out loud" probably would rather you authentically not have those opinions in the first place lol.&gt; Something in the back of my mind tells me that I shouldn't do these things


Why shouldn't you do these things?Just my two cents on this matter.

If you have a goal in life and you're aware that what you're doing is going to hamper that, try to remember what you really want. But if you realize that what you're doing isn't really going to/isn't likely to affect your reaching there, then by all means, continue along. Personally I've seen about 3 "the ones" I wished I pursued/stayed with in the past, with whom I'm pretty sure I would have built a fulfilling future. The One, ain't that unique, cuz I'm sure I'll find more (I'm only 23). 


Man you're a 19 year old college kid. I don't care WHAT type you are, or what functions you use, you're gonna get these desires now. It's like all those desires you would have had/repressed back when you were coming of age, but now everyone has the *freedom* (time, place, law on their side) to induldge (including you buddy). 

You're not failing at the main goal (getting that certification). I see no problem once you're responsible. But you're more aware of what you're doing/what you're capable of. Never lose sight of your objective. EVER. And if you must give in to these physical desires (cuz of course you wanna experience it... these are some of "the best years of your life"), at least do like society and all those commercials say to do. Contraception, testing etc. Don't tempt fate man.[Stole this one from](https://i.reddituploads.com/0e7c9805d5fa45a083426ea75c363dab?fit=max&amp;h=1536&amp;w=1536&amp;s=6a2e02e25ad9b52431ed53701b627c42) r/entj  


[Here's one I think fits us stereotypically] (https://i.imgflip.com/6w9hd.jpg)  



[This is one from the INTPs that amuse me] (http://imgur.com/a/2WhbO)


[I also like this one] (http://i.imgur.com/cLG9xpZ.png)That test means almost nothing to us here. Just search up MBTI cognitive functions and you'll see why we don't care about percentages eitherThe test itself isn't accurate enough.Sounds more ENTP if you don't include the reminders of his MBTI resultsBasic [ENTJ Starter Pack](http://imgur.com/a/9nK9K) for beginners&gt; so which ENTJ owns the world? 

Steve Jobs had a turn for a year, but he's gone now, so we get to fight for dominance again.&gt; future European empire

Tch. Amateur. Had plans to control the ENTIRE Southern Hemisphere by 14. GOMLIs Brain from Pinky &amp; The Brain's speech copywrited? can i use it here?Try finding things that disprove you're an INTJ, and not tests. Cognitive functions. Find as many Ti-Ne moments that you can. Once you're sure you're an INTP, look at all the things inconsistent with Ti-Ne moments. Realize you're an Ni dom and be assured you're an INTJ. 


You should also look in to the inferior functions. It's a good thing they would have such distinctly different 4th functions. 4th Fe and 4th Se are vastly distinct. There's a lot to learn (and confirm) your type by recognizing your weakest functions, it's role in your psyche, and your typical inferior grips.


**tl;dr** look in to Ni-Te vs Ti-Ne, and Fe drip vs Se grip, see which one applies to you. Either way my gut says you're INTJI believe so good sirReading this gives me an explanation for why there's so much salt in League of Legends. Sounds like inf Fe enough (also reading through some of your posts you seem to give off a leaking Fe). the more you talk, the more you sound like you belong on r/intp . Sigh. Another IXTP . I can't wait for the ESFJ to come. But yeah, try looking at those two and se which one you relate to. I'm going 60% chance you're INTP and 40% chance you're ISTP (primarily because the ISTPs seem to be slightly welcoming you)I really wish I could tell you. For some reason the words you typed earlier fit better with the 'INTJ' voice i have in my head than the 'INTP' voice. But reading over your new stuff and re-reading your old stuff the 'INTP' voice i have works.  


I suppose it's because you sounded like a know-it-all even though you didn't have full knowledge or something and i unconciously stereotyped you. 


But don't worry @ Leaking Fe. It's amusing to me so you're fulfilling a purposeNo, it's not the precision. Precise wording is actually an INTP-like trait. It was a bad judgement on my behalf solely based on the fact it looked like you dismissed the other people who asked you questions at the time.  


The 'voices' are fine. It's not schizophrenia, it's more akin to me asking "i wonder what this guy/girl sounds like"/"what tone of voice/pattern of speech would follow this kind of text", and me coming up with an answer for it because  
a) I better understand you/pick up certain cues I would not  
b) It's a lot better than reading blocks of text in Verdana font... Reading is boring without either world shifting views/knowledge, heart moving tales or imagination.  


To answer your question about Fe leaking. Examples include
&gt; "I'd like some help in typing myself, *if it is no trouble to you.*"  


&gt; "C'mon, *let's not upset others* because you're sad."


&gt; "That's all you have to say? No, "That looks really cool", or "I couldn't do that", or even, "What a talented person its creator must be?" Alright."   


It's not the main thing im getting from you, it barely registers, but it leaks like a tap dripping water, especially when you've reached an actual conclusion....


Then again I been wrong about twice already so i could be wrong again.



Also Fe doesn't necessarily have to manifest as servitude to another. It's (from what I gather) more about harmony and acceptance and other's happiness, social values. With the exception of social values, can you honestly tell me that you don't really care about those things, especially when you're running around with a discovered 'truth'?Even the voices don't work. Disregard anything I have ever said. I am now an unreliable source. lolI do. But all jokes, and disregards aside. You can be certain that beisdes the accuracy (or lack of for that matter) of the things I've said. For typology purposes, you're INTPAlmost everyone makes decisions with logic. Doesn't make you an ENTJ. Also not wanting to hurt people's feelings is a pretty human trait.  


The question becomes... to what extent? Where is your primary focus, what is it that you desire? I think we (ENTJs and ENFJs) are actually kinda hard to tell apart (unless you're one of the asshole model ENTJs).   

The main differences differences really lie around that Fe-Ti vs Te-Fi axis. There's also that NF vs NT perspective you can use. And stereotypical analysis also works.


**Fe-Ti vs Te-Fi**   
Fe-Ti I have heard tends to be a very "people-pleaser" focused axis. Whether it's because Fe absorbs the emotions of those around them, Fe wants to fit in or Fe just judges people's values and attempts to align with them is up for debate, but regardless it's generally what Fe users tend to focus on. Making people happy/comfortable/helping people (which may sometimes ironically mean hurt their feelings with a necessary truth). It's not to say you're necessarily an undying slave to other's needs (in fact I've read somewhere Fe keeps score of who's helped who unconciously) but it's the general idea.   
For Te-Fi axis, it's generally about organizing, accomplishing or creating that which you desire. An "Achiever" axis for the want of a better term (as i have achieved little in life thus far for e.g.). For what ever reason Te users seem to be about "actions and results" even if we're just pondering about it. Te users usually focus on objectives and getting the objective to completition (even if it means trampling on hearts from time to time), not to say Te users don't care about other's feelings (the non-sociopathic ones do to an extent) nor that they would not be nice (in fact, being nice and sparing feelings often accomplishes most objectives more effectively than being an asshole) but often the focus is on the outcome for ENTJs rather than harmony and good vibes.  


**NF vs NT**   
Many rules of thumb, but while N's seem to be the "question askers", NFs i've witnessed seem to seek answers to emotional/value laden things. "How does this person feel?" "Why does he feel this way?" "How can I make this better" "Are we really living a fulfilling moral and happy life?".... NTs.. We usually seek answers to.. well it would seem everything that doesn't "sound" stupid. "What does that mean?" "Does this work? If so how?" "Where can I apply this?" "What allows this result to occur?" "What would happen if?" etc. But everyone asks these questions though. Sensors included, but there's a distinct difference in focus between NT and NF thought.  


**Stereotyping Analysis**   
Technically I have been stereotyping a bit in each section, but most stereotypes exist for a reason. By looking at stereotypes you might see things you relate to/can never relate to that may help swing the balance. So... How many people are you willing to crush to achieve an objective. As the number you state tends to zero, your likelihood of being an ENFJ will tend to 100%.  Another stereotypical view i can bring is ENFJ vs ENTJ's views on people and relationships. ENFJs seem value relationships (romantic and friendship) much more than ENTJs do. Likewise ENTJs tend to see relationships as "connections", each "friend" "S/O" as useful or tolerated, even if that use is "he makes me laugh" or something. I actually had an INTJ friend for that same purpose actually.   
Then ENFJs tend to be ironically very self concious people, trying to make sure they did the "right thing", sensitive to criticism etc... ENTJs... well.. We're actually not that far off, it's just, we just hope that what we did the "smartest thing", and if you criticize us, we'll adjust, call bullshit or implode from a feeling of worthlessness. Goodluck getting that last one to happen though.  



My thoughts. Either ISTJ or trollStuck between Fisher King and Dominion.... Fisher King wins.  


I can change the house up, and it's basically invincible. The only thing I'm worried about is how do I get other people to come on in. But then again I'd own the "coolest most badass place on Earth". I'd probably make it a tourist destination/Playboy mansion-ish area.   


Dominion sounds great and all, and I'm sure I'd get all the joy from the admiration and uniting the majority of humanity against peril and crushing the opposition etc... But... The Fisher King's house doe... It's a small margin.


(Hunter gets an honourable mention)


Also the Nakama story depresses me and it feels like a creepypasta.  


What does it say about my type? Leadership itself isn't something we innately desire, it's just a means to an end (even if it's enjoyable). 


That *or* I could be mistyped, cuz i feel like I should have chosen Dominion in the ENTJ spirit.Seriously. Stay. Bring your friends too.Interesting. Even I never thought of going full spreadsheet.It would probably help if I could relate, but I found myself unable to after she called you a hypocrite and it didn't immediately start an argument/inquisition.  


We really are different people...But still nice postSo my question becomes. What brought you here?Well I'm glad you're willing to be this open and expressive, you're a very interesting person. But yes. That's more or less it. Until the word hypocrit I was like "I can see myself in your shoes", but when i read she was called you a hypocrite. 


Instinctually I said "how?" outloud. As far as I was concerned, you weren't a hypocrite. One of us is wrong. That's gonna change now.  


I just find it interesting how differently that conversation would have gone if I were in your shoes. But that whole defensive because she was defensive, empathy, intrusion of beliefs conundrum that you seem to be talking about. I would have felt none of that. That incident wouldn't have been worthy of a post to me (from my perspective), after that happened (had i chose your choice of words instead of asking questions/stating facts) my whole thought about that incident would literally just be 


"Well that was close minded and stupid, linear thinking ass motherf-"  


But I digress... The only thing I felt before was that I felt this post was worthy of a response, but I had no idea what you wanted us to respond to/respond like, and I couldn't really come up with an opinion other than "Wow we are sooooo different, I cannot relate to this at all". I guess you can say it felt slightly bad and pressuring... but not really. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Cool. Thanks for the responseI know. In fact I wouldn't be surprised if they were the main people on facebook. Everyone is on the internet, and facebook is the battle ground for social ladder warfare in the modern world (or connecting with people and making friends or whatever normal people are calling it nowadays)I am going to throw my hat in the ring. I'm getting Fi vibes. I am getting Si vibes. I also see Te. Also some Ne.   


The description you give of yourself sounds very ENFP. Whatever you are I'm almost certain you're an extravert (not enough evidence to conclude this). But despite other's saying they think you're INFJ, I'd sooner believe you're an ESTJ.  


Just a point for amusement/btw. Are you sure you're not an ESTJ? Forget the traditions thing for a second (since you may know this, but tradition is not central to being Si) (especially traditions that **don't work** for STJs).  


Back to the main point here. What makes you think you might not be an ENFP?Sounds a bit more like Fi.  


It's more nuanced than this but    
* Fi is the champion who wants you to grow as an individual.   
* Fe is the one who just wants everyone to get along and be happy  


(also being bubbly is more of an Ne user thing. Even ESTJs do it when they're having fun in my experience)Depends on the person. I think it also depends on where it is on the stack. You're right that Fi users generally prefer genuity, but like most humans we don't like people feeling bad. While the Fi doms I've known (with the exception of one) would continue to sulk no matter what. For ESFPs (and especially ENFPs) they would tend to look on the bright side of things, put on a smile, Brighten Everyone's day. Life is too short to be down (even for themselves).  


Fe though instead of seeming happy for the purpose of inspiring and motivating others, would simply do it for their objective happiness. Smiles, good words, affection, other social cues that I don't know about cuz I never cared too much etc. It's a bit similar yes. But the focus on people being inspired rather than people being happy is what sold me on Fi. 


But I am but one man, if my words make sense to you, heed them, else reject them and point out my errors so that I may preach only truth.Extraversion and outgoingness, seeking friendship, sociability at MBTI are two different things. But even using that correlated metric, it doesn't even sound like you aren't like that naturally. You didn't lock yourself away because "this is draining, all this is tiresome, awkward and difficult and I'd rather just relax at home and just chill" but "I went out there AND THEY STABBED ME IN THE BACK. That's some painful stuff, I'm gonna stay home where it's nice and safe"  


Projection would work if i was an ESTJ. Of course, I'm up for correction. The Ni witch hunt exists for a reason and I'd be glad to be a fallen Ni user. ENTP is a more likely fit if you wish to pursue such a task though. More importantly I've read ESTJs (well actually any type) may over identify with their 3rd function, so while you may be an ESTJ, you might be seeing all this Ne goodness in your life and think that's who you are. I've also read that Si users tend to type as NF a lot because that's how they think they're supposed to act. All of this is to be taken with about 400 grains of salt though since I cannot vouch for the validity of any of those points.  


But onward to the disqualifiers  
&gt; I like to keep my room neat  

And I don't. I just like to keep my room in an order. (my clothes are messily laid out in a tier system.)  


&gt;I like planners even though I don't always follow everything  

Typical Tertiary Te. Could even be Te dom depending on why you don't follow through. According to some ENFPs when i made a post about it, y'all can be, and depending on how it is, WILL be maintaining a schedule, relatively organized. But... sometimes it just doesn't work out. Often Te might go a bit more ham than necessary causing undue stress.... you know what man... [here's a link to that post](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/53bjx7/can_anyone_explain_tertiaryinferior_3rd4th/)   


&gt; I prefer to be prepared  


Ok that is admittedly more of a Judger thing than a Perceiver thing. but it can also be a Te thing I guess.  


&gt; I can be shy sometimes  


Well... Ya seem to be a popular kid. Unless you're drop dead gorgeous I'm guessing you went out there to get em.  



Decent counter-points, very decent. But I am not sold. But like I told that other INTP earlier, I am but one man. If you're really an Ne dom you'd probably do this anyway, but keep checking yourself out, check other people, check r/ENFP and see if you can relate to them, check r/ENFJ, check any sub really. Maybe we're all wrong. But I'm leaning ENFP on this one docI read u/Twenty-Pikachus comment so I knew who you were don't worry legendary ESFJ. (not sarcasm, but also not literal... hyperbole)I also had not thought of this being intimidating to them. It almost feels funny simply due to how many people are innately turned off and *intimidated* by Reddit. 10% of humanity? lol  


But that aside i get your point. ESFJs prefer faces and voices rather than Verdana font on a plain white background&gt; But it could be that I friend a ton of other authors, and INFJs make up like 90% of authors. :-P 


Hmmmmmmmmmmm.... I don't see the relevance here /s  :-P&gt; But, I think the main takeaways from this is that you're able to see what I did and what you would've done. It's the mark of being self-aware 


Precisely. Though acceptance is a strong word... understanding is a bit better.



&gt; I wanted to be vulnerable. I wanted others to join in what I was feeling  


Mission accomplished. 


And yeah I loved those tips. Working on testing them out myself. If they work, new tools to use to get ahead lolMaaaan this Fe shit easy!I keep hearing that, but I never really heard/saw anything about ESFJs that were "bad" so to say. The worst I've heard is "They might get upset when people don't do things their way".... Sounds like an EXXJ problem to me anywayThere was an initiation period on r/entj? Hadn't noticed. But you're not going to run into a bunch of "yous" that have a shared history etc.... Sadly. They may share some of your cognitive functions, or at the very least your traits and tendencies, but that's it.  


And every group has it's culture, and especially when it doesn't contradict you fundamentally (which considering your type's people would be similar to you), you stick around long enough, you'll adopt it. Happens at work, home, school, your country. I don't mind slowly morphing into an r/ENTJ clone though. They at least talk awesome game and being there reminds me to remain ambitious and focused.WomenI've only had ISFP managers. I like their 'hands-off' style of management.... For me. Not too sure I like it when co-workers are put into the mix. 


ESXJs are so hit and miss with me. They tend to be strict and impose rules/methods, which is really good when it's good, and REALLY bad when it's bad.  


Wouldn't mind having an ENTx manager though. Maybe one day.... I will be that manager and ask my employees how they like it.Amazing how the E/I dynamic turned "things" into "thing" and made it smallerEveryone else has already made the point about not letting stereotypes and type descriptions cloud your judgement.  


Ne - Ni - Se - Si - Te - Ti - Fe - Fi are all that matters in MBTI.   


Being said I'll tell you what I think you are, solely based on what I see here.  


ISFP.  


I can explain more if you actually care.Im basing ISFP on the level of focus he seems to emit, his Fi dom sincerity and how much he low key pisses me off (if i piss off someone and vice versa from the get go, they're probably an ISFP under 30 years old).   


Plus his post history shows introverted tendencies.... There was no real need to defend my point, but I had to. You understand right fellow thinking dom?At first I was like, man you being ridiculous, yall were the popular ones. The ones we were jealous of as teens so much yall became the bad people in the Disney movies, except yall weren't assholes in real life.   



Then I read it (16 Personalities ESFJ description), and ironically, for one of the most sensitive types y'all have a decent number of phrases to turn you off litered throughout your description. Even the INTPs and INTJs (the types that would ideally be better at taking a verbal punch) have less critical descriptions. Most of their weaknesses are described almost like it's the foundation of a strength&gt; "I kind of hate MBTI now"  




Sounds Fi like, but it isn't enough to say Fi cuz anyone can kind of hate it. There are some INTJs that kinda hate it.  



&gt; But every time I come to a conclusion *I almost immediately back out of it after I learn how the other types "like" me are*  



Not a very Thinker thing to do. If we don't like a conclusion, we either accept it and be saddened by it, or try to rationalize our way out of said conclusion. It's really hard to just "nope out". In fact noping out feels worse than most bad conclusions.   



&gt; immediately noped out of there when most of the people seemed *boring as hell* typical manly men types. *Ew*.  



I already explained why "noping out" is hard, and here we get even more specific Fi judgements as here. "Boring".... Using "ISTPs are boring" as a reason not to be ISTP... As the sole reason for not being considered ISTP? Maybe it's implied that you are not boring, but they are, and thus you can't be one... but.. I don't think that's what you were implying at all.   
Side note: Ew?... Really?! It's not necessarily an Fi function related thing, but it's a very ISFP thing to say, especially as part of proof of a statement.  


&gt; I figured out I prefer T over F *even though thats contrary to my previous posts.* 


&gt;*I feel significantly better identifying this way*   


So. Okay. Gotta break this one down Ti style, but Ni style first. 


**Ni style**


 Overall, that first part sounds to me like. Te says this, but to hell with that i'll suppress this for Fis purposes.


**Ti style**  
Bear with me, I usually only do this for fun. But if thinkers are gonna claim things contradictory to a fact at hand, it's usually for two reasons.  
1) For Ti users, I'd expect "I figured out I prefer T over F even though thats contrary to my previous posts, because I am actually very &lt;explanation or theory&gt;, even though it may appear otherwise. There's probably a different reason to explain why there seems to be a contradiction too.  

2) For Te users, the acknowledge the fact, but the overall picture has not changed. I'd expect "I figured out I prefer T over F even though thats contrary to my previous posts, because it's not how things usually are. The bigger picture shows me organizing, analyzing, logicalizing. I don't make my decisions based on some random emotion or sentiment 90% of the time... It's just that you're seeing an anomaly"    


The last thing I'm expecting is that second part. "I feel better identifying this way". Granted depending on what you're using MBTI for, that's a logic decision (especially if you don't think it makes sense, has enough truth to it) but... You're on r/mbti ... And you're making a post... AND responding... AND want typing... Not likely that you don't think there's some level of truth to it.  


I can start talking about your other responses if you like, see what I think, but I also believe that very often the crowd has a point in they're seeing IXTP in you, so /shrug


 


368 pages of... 



Ok. Let's begin.  


&gt; I dont know who I actually am though.  


This one is very NOT Fi dom tbh, But I also wouldn't expect it from a Ti dom either. I'm not even sure I'd expect this from a Te dom.  



&gt; ok?  


Ok.  


&gt;  I'd actually consider myself boring on the outside. When someone asks what do you do for fun? I can't think of anything. But if I talk to the right person suddenly I realize I'm not actually that boring *I just am overcritical of myself*. 
idk if that's a psychological issue though. I have social anxiety.  


Sounds a bit like Tertiary/Inferior Ti tbh. But that would imply Fe dom/aux. Over analysis barely sound like something i'd expect from a high Ti user. Only people with high Ti (1st/2nd) I've heard use the phrase are ENTPs. And that's usually from an Fe perspective (i.e. I overanalyze things and that often gets people mad), the primary people who I've seen with that statement are "INFJs" (INFJ is in quotations because they may not be INFJs but the people who identify as INFJ have often given me this statement, or shared this sentiment).  


&gt; I guess it depends if I can become interested in it enough. If it gets too complicated I start stressing out pretty badly. I usually weigh all possible options but if that doesnt work and I cant see or know the answer it bothers the ever living hell out of me.  


Sounds like an IXXP.   
"if it is interesting enough" is something I don't think a high Si user would say.   
"If it gets too complicated I stress out" simply implies lower T. With relation to tasks I'd go Te.   
"I usually weigh all possible options" is a tertiary Ni hot phrase. Sounds Ne on the surface, but I think Ne users would probably say "all possibilities" or "all possible outcomes".   
"if that doesnt work and I cant see or know the answer it bothers the ever living hell out of me." First of all I don't care what your MBTI type is, that my dear friend is an IT problem. ESFP, INTJ, INTP, ESFJ.. some made up 17th type. You in IT? You gonna face problems like that, and it's going to bother the living hell out of you if you don't see the answer. However that is a very Thinker dom thing to say (particularly Ti dom) which in this case implies ISTP.  


&gt; I do tend to be nervous before committing to something. I'd like to know everything about it beforehand.  


This one is particularly annoying because it's both a high Ti and Te (well any form of Te, from 1st to inf Te) thing to say, especially when used on with a Sensor. (Though I'd expect ISTPs to WANT to know everything before hand, but would still feel like they don't know/not understand completely until they see it with their own eyes, and do it with their own hands, making knowing beforehand and committing to something they aren't already doing a pointless exercise. Of course this is COMPLETE SPECULATION, I have never been close to/fully known any/Had a reply from any confirmed ISTPs) (Technically this is 95% speculation, 5% experience anyway which is why i hardly think my opinion should be taken too much into consideration, but you asked for it, and I may still be right.) But yes, complete understanding is something high Ti users ask for... but for the purposes of planning and commitment, over preparing, over organizing, needing to get EVERYTHING in place before committing to action... I'd say low Te. (theoretically it makes sense since you don't have a "strong worldview" to organize your plans to like us high Ni and Si users have, but more reliance on situational observation/speculation like a high Se/Ne user does, which means more information, can't copy and paste anything. Anything you see must be considered) (and you see a lot).  


&gt; I'd love to hear an explanation/thoughts.. Thank you :)  


Considering you value my insights, you're obviously very intelligent and in no way can be a feeler, as only thinkers have the aptitude to understand and grasp what I'm saying, and truly seek the knowledge of THE smartest person in the universe /s (seriously this is nearly 100% sarcasm, DO NOT TAKE THIS PART SERIOUSLY)  


&gt; Thank you. I'd love to hear you talk my other responses. I appreciate your thoughts on this   


I somehow attribute this phrasing to be Fi. I think you seem to value my opinion itself rather than my reasoning/how it fits in to your reasoning or something idk. Not to say that you arent considering how true what I'm saying is, or how much it makes sense, but I think just by virtue of me having a bigger than one word response that isnt insensitive and stupid I have earned your appreciation.  


&gt; I feel like I'm Fi dom but I overanalyze everything and I feel pretty cold so idk 


Define "cold". Cold is very much a Ti sentiment. It's rarely an Fe statement. But Fi doesn't imply warm. Sensitive maybe. centred around their values, ideals and feelings maybe. Warm? warmth is not necesarry for Fi. and overanalysis is again, a inf Thinking sentiment.


&gt; Acting but only if I could make a living off of it. Its fun, I'm good at it and I like performing. More realistically probably moving up in the IT world.


Idk. ISFP interest, but acknowledgement that it's probably not going to happen. That's basically just a stereotype though, and as everyone else stated, we'll try to avoid that (especially since IT field is not stereotypically ISFP)  


&gt; Someone who is fun, engaging and helpful but not in a way where its overbearing or they are always over my shoulder looking at everything I do.   


You wanna work for me? I meet the criteria if you don't count the overbearingness. More pertinently, sounds like ISFP criteria to me. Fun and engaging being the first words you used sounds like Fi user talk again to me. For an ISTP i'd expect to hear "Someone who is chill, smart, knowledgeable and gives me my space to do the work, especially if I know what I'm doing". Close, but your statement is very value judgement rather than use judgement language.  


&gt; Freshly cut grass usually means someone just mowed the lawn. Flowers oooo they smell flowery. If I smell smoke thats annoying usually my neighbor burns their stuff that comes into my window and I'm left inhaling smoke.  


?... Maybe Se use.. maybe Si use. it's really nothing i pin to a type. If i place an ISFP in there the only thing i expect is a bigger, richer reaction to freshly cut grass.  


&gt; Usually I'll look for a drink and observe. I'll try to find someone I know or let someone else come talk to me because I'm shy. My role? Depends how well I know everyone. I become super extroverted if I'm comfortable. But I generally end up doing something for attention because I like performing and being the center of attention even being a shy person. I dont do it much without alcohol because of anxiety.  


Can't use function analysis here because this is too complex, so im going to have to use tendencies here. ISTP? I don't see doing this too much. Attention seeking seems to me more an Se-Fi thing to do. Se-Ti would tend to be more thrill seeking/learning vibes, not saying "Hey look at me" but "hey... I'm the best".  


&gt; Someone who is real and authentic and doesnt tend to put on a show just to be popular. Someone who isnt a dudebro or just your basic bitch. These people have no depth and are generally just boring people because they are all the same and very predictable  


Everyone thinks they want someone real and authentic. Realness coupled with authenticity also speaks of Fi language to me though. This statement is ACTUALLY something I've heard from ISFPs often. The only thing missing from here is fun and genuinely kind/thoughtful without just trying to get something back in return. "boring vs fun" seems SF to me anyway. "depth"? "boring"? "basic"? "tries to be popular"? Fi judgements (in this context). But "predictable" i can see a high Ti user disliking. "uninteresting" is also something i can see a high Ti user saying, but in the context of "just trying to be popular, rather than having any depth in their personality" rather than "lacking interesting facts and not being smart" sounds Fi again. 



As for how to tell whether you're instuition or sensing dominant? well. You're on your own kid. It's probably gonna be harder for you since if you are an IXXP, your intuition and sensing functions wouldn't be as uncomfortable and distant for you (it'd be 2nd and 3rd). You've read 386 pages of stuff so you probably know better than i do. 


While somethings Michael Pierce said may be questionable, i agree with his "2nd function working to fulfill the 3rd function's desire" theory. Why ENTJs seem to be so focused on achieving an outcome? Ni (2nd) provides insights and speculation which we use to create a reality (for Se, 3rd function). ISXPs would explore the world with Se (2nd) to gain insights Ni (3rd). INXPs would explore connections/possibilities with Ne (2nd) to gain a solid understanding of reality (for Si, 3rd function). Even if we ironically ignore our 3rd function for it's own benefit at times.  



THAT WAS LONG.  


EDIT: Wrong words here and there, missing words changing entire sentences. Grammar, formattingIXFJ and IXTP most likely. most introverted types might do that actually. But of course anyone (and everyone) can and will do that at times. Just it's easier with those types.Linked In



.


.


.



I'm kidding I hate all of it, unless Whatsapp counts.Well explained /s 


Ironically that sounds like something the types I think you think are closed minded would say.For me. I need people. Lonliness is one thing. But I really need people. I need people to cover my blindspots. I need people who are good sounding boards. I need ideas. I need help. There's not many things I have ever wanted to do in my life, but for most of those things, I needed a team. I feel MUCH better in a co-operative team than I do working alone. In fact, if I'm alone for too long, I don't feel like doing anything. I end up just scrolling through Facebook re-watching the same damn videos and "feely" memes again and again til I get tired. THEN i go to play multiplayer games so i can boss some people around/win. But that often isn't enough. I require human contact. I like getting feedback. Someone to make sure I'm not wrong. Someone to make life comfortable... Without people, I'm barely anything. But I'm a showy, powerful force amongst people.  


Interacting with idiots that force bad/difficult decisions on me however does drain me. Working with people that fight and focus on criticism instead of production does drain me. Working with an unstable group definitely makes me withdraw and return to Civilization which i can play for days on end.... But overall. Looking outwards for help, guidance and feedback keeps me searching for people.9/10 times i ignore it. I believe learning from experience &gt; learning from my words. If i think the person can't solve the issue or catch up without guidance, then I'll give whatever guidance I can.  


If you ask for help and I'm not busy/otherwise occupied I'll help though.Reminds me of me with some differences. You don't sound very introverted either. My guess with this information is ESTP.For what it's worth, Se is pretty cool too. Most of y'all actually get mad at us Ni users because we don't "pay attention" and "miss out on a lot of things"...


Ni is really only as good as the user is. A dumb Ni user will always be led astray. Probably why they're so rare (assuming MBTI is real AND has a genetic component)Also F doesn't mean you're not an asshole. Most ESFJ stories I've heard here has one critizing them and making them feel bad for not doing something they wanted done. My INFP brother is  A COMPLETE asshole. One of my last ISFP friends was VERY judgemental, and would listen to me rant and then say all the negative things about me behind my back. Everyone has bad thoughts about people. 


But yeah, you might still be an ISTP. I'm just one voice in the masses preaching a different sermon than the others (except the INTP, and INTP is a pretty smart type too most of the time)"All models are wrong. Some are useful"  


This quote I think sums it up well. It feels a bit weird and inaccurate. I particularly dislike certain aspects of it. Having a base cognition pattern is a bold statement, but it would make sense as I don't think the brain changes THAT much where we make multiple fundamental changes to the way we think.  


I'm not comfortable with the idea of Ti-Te being divided as it is. As it stands, from my grasp of what they are, it's ridiculously difficult to do one without significant use of the other, especially the way NT types like to think. Multiple angles. Repeated questioning. Better understanding. Connected ideas. Bigger picture. I question it all the time, as different things require more use of one over the other... I engage in Ti type activity a lot. I engage in Te type activity a lot.   


Ni sounds completely made up, definitions ranging from "subjective impressions on the unconcious" to "symbolic visionary thinking" to "thinking about the future" to "seeing the underlying patterns" to "just knowing things"... I.. 


It's also weird that some types tend to have traits that most would describe as... problematic, unhealthy and idk. Inferior Fi? Not knowing who you really are, why YOU are doing what you're doing, not having any values/being aware of them, or whatever Fi actually means (cuz I know what it is without being truly able to define it). Inferior Fi means ENTJ/ESTJ. That means that 10-15% of the human population allegedly has this characteristic. And in MBTI that's considered *normal* . Granted there's a culture that says "know your weaknesses and address them" but still, for too many it means "this is why I'm bad at this" or "this is why I don't need to be good at this" instead of "let me address this". But this isn't MBTI's fault, it's humanity's. 


So if I have so many disagreements, why am I still here? Well. I have not much to do as yet. Most of my ideas have failed recently, so I'm taking some time to recharge before I charge back in to the  world ENTJ style, and this board has a niche community of relatively nice/smart people.  


More importantly, like i once saw on r/ENTP... Even if this was all bunk. Cognitive functions were complete garbage. Most assumptions made by Jung and all the people who tried to analyze, classify, rebrand, re-tool and add to the theory were wrong. These types of classifications tend to be self-organizing. Even if people don't go Ne-Ti-Fe-Si(-Ni-Te-Fi-Se) in real life at all. The ENTP-like people would still group and identify with the label (even if they'll question it). The INFP like people would group, and you'd find you have groups with similarities and differences. Interestingly, some people who may appear similar on the surface (ESTPs and ENTJs are notorious for this) can see some of their differences better under the theory. There's enough truth and broad enough strokes, yet sufficient wiggle room to effectively put almost all humans in 16 boxes, with very distinct differences, while still allowing them to be different variations of human while following an apparent pattern of thought. It means that I can go on r/ENTJ and say somethings and have a large group of people understand what I'm saying/where I am coming from, even if we're still otherwise completely different people (For one, almost none of the other ENTJs are as wordy here as I am... though tbh they may just be busy, it's not uncommon with us lol). It means I have a little better understanding of certain people (read: ISFPs) and thus am better equipped to interact with them. In good ol ENTJ fashion, I'll say. The theory works. I'll keep questioning it, but I'll keep using it once it's good  enough to be used.  


Also I may be wrong, but the main critique of MBTI I'm seeing amongst the professional psychologists are things we already agree on here at r/mbti . The tests are inaccurate, which means many conclusions that come from testing can be put in to question. (such as 50% of people are XSXJs) , it also means that for the purposes of job selection, stereotyping, etc. it is worthless. The test is a meme. [Most descriptions that go beyond cognitive functions](https://www.16personalities.com/) aren't that much better than horoscopes. But for understanding individuals, and serious observation of individuals. It's useful.


Also to answer your question about your type and why? Insufficient information to accurately type you.If you MUST pigeonhole me in to type. ENTP. This post is the least out of place for that type. 


It doesn't have a heavy Te feel. It has a Ti analysis feel rather than a Te fact finding and alignment feel. What makes me think ENTP instead of INTP is your apparent search for other people's opinions, whether it is to validate yours, get a fresh look or really just to have for having it sake. So we get EXTP... You're more likely to be an ENTP if you're worrying about a theory and trying to get an accurate depiction of reality (even though you kinda already have one yet still challenge it which i regard as the hallmark of the ENTP type), rather than doing the inverse and taking reality as is and then later on trying to figure out what it means. 67% Trinitarian, 33% Quaternarian. Casually Trinitarian.Hey, if it isn't the girl who was trying to hook me up with INFPs not too long ago.


I'm not that in to socionics (which sounds like where that came from). I also know at this point i don't know many people of those types so i won't really get to see pure Ti/Te in action. I'll have to take your word for it for now. Still feels odd seperating any function into extroverted/introverted forms though, even Fi/FeNot everyone expects anything in return. Sometimes it's really just the person's conscience that makes them do what they do, knowing they won't get anything in return, but feeling good for doing good, and feeling bad for doing bad.Look at the cognitive functions for better understanding. You do say a lot of ENTJ "hot words" though, so you might be one.ENTJ: ...........

We're good don't worryGet outShut down and contemplate everything, including my existence. Most things don't stress me out though.Mistype as? or type that would mistype as something else?


Things people may mistype as include: 

INTJ, INFJ, INTP, ENFJ, ENFP.


Types most likely to do the mistyping?


ESFJ, ISFJ, INFP, ENTP, ESTP.



**This is 95% speculation**Look for my parentsMy best guess.... 


Te &gt; Ni by 2.1 points   
Fi &gt; Se by 6.1 points   

That and Se is THE weakest function on the list. Not that any test matters that much anyway.56%Sometimes.... I just know things.Nothing to say here. All the logic is done wrung out.I might be guilty of this, but you made an important point that I always try to make clear to anyone who i type... I am but one man, and a wall of text on reddit is very little information to definitively prove anything about anyone. You can't therefore conclusively state without a doubt that anyone here is any type. Not even our flairs are that trustworthy (including mine or yours).   


If you're going to drive by type.  Let  your typing/pointing out the use of functions be a guide, subject to correction. Not a stubborn hole you dig yourself in to and drag the typee in to as well while refusing to even entertain/acknowledge all counterpoints.  



That's both stupid and distasteful. Be better than that Lol I have actually used that as an argument for typing an ISFP on this board once. We had a laugh about it. Granted I'm still very tired so it may have affected how it went down.  


I started this off thinking Alex Jones was parodic like Stephen Colbert, so i went in with the intent to laugh. At first I was just taking in what he said at face value hoping for something that made me go "What?! lol" but for a long time nothing did. It then dawned on me how legit he sounded, even though I've heard he's not legit and I have heard clips of him saying outrageous stuff. The there was a long period where I was trying to discern how true each statement he made was, because his claims aren't that far off from similar claims I've heard before (The world government  is coming to fruition claim is a new one to me though so it had me interested.) After a while I almost found myself believing him for a split second. He sounds so legit somehow even though he's saying outrageous stuff. I thought about it when i snapped out of it and was like "It's because he isn't too try hard". I continued to just listen, just trying to determine if anything that was being said had some level of legitimacy. I'm sure that he's off, but he's not 100% off, but most (if not all) of his bigger claims are. I don't know how valid that wikileaks reference he pulled was. But his claims made me unable to trust him, so I went back to searching for really outrageous ones the rest of the time, and realizing that I stopped remembering exactly what was said 15 seconds ago... I wondered if this is an Ni thing or not. Searched....  Then....


&gt; "The elite tends to become delusional and bite off more than they can chew and fail..." 

True. 


&gt; "And that's happening now"  


Hmm?  


"The problem is this elite is disconnected from reality....."  


Stopped listening at that point.   


"... Trying to start........... A war with Russia"   



N.. N.... WHAT?! HAHAHAHA. World War 3? Where the hell did that come from? Took you long but I got what I was looking for. Ehhh... That's obviously bullshit, idc who you are that's a pretty fucking stupid decision right now. Maaan that was good (spent so much time reflecting here I straight up stopped paying attention to the video, even though I could still hear what was being said, nothing was being processed).


&gt; "They don't even want plants to reproduce and produce more seeds?"  


"How did I ever even think of taking this man seriously?" I thought. I then spent the outro thinking about a global government? What would be the drawbacks and benefits? Besides the crying from "loss of sovereignty", why would it be a problem? A small group controls us? I can see why that would be a problem, but it happens already, and will happen regardless. Either way, We aren't going to have a global government soon.  


Let me report back to that reddit board and see what I can remember and show them how I processed this.

(EDIT: Had the word claim in the wrong spot)I recognized that far after the video tbh (like when I typed out the sentence to be exact, but I didn't want to taint the processing with my re-evaluated self reflection). 

Still though, it is still outrageous (imo) to think the global government would want that. It's actually a symptom of having seperate of governments and economies. The ones with the crops are trying to maintain a monopoly on crops by giving crops to lesser economies that are unable to reproduce and therefore, make them unable to simply use the crops given to them to sustain themselves. With a global government that would literally just be dumb, unless the global government wants to have less goods in the world, thus less tax and money for themselves...&gt; http://www.anonews.co/brink-of-war/ 


&gt; Do you think that the video caused you some cognitive dissonance?  


To me, the world has always been on the brink of a World War for as long as I have been paying attention (that would be from about 2008 to now) with a little de-escalation near the beginning of Obama's first term in office. [To me, this is USA and Russia's relationship.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6Me9kf_c-k)  

Neither side does want to swing first though. Especially intentionally. It would do more harm than good. Maybe Donald Trump might change that, but I HIGHLY doubt Obama, his boys and his global government conspirators will *intentionally* start World War 3. It's a dumb idea.  


&gt; It is the difference between democracy and autocracy. Are you familiar with human history?  


I have a *ridiculously* long answer for this. If you want I can post it here, I can dm you that response. But I can shorten it and post the short version here. 


I am familiar with human history, and for most of it, anytime there are significant nations, power over a region usually ends up in the hands of a small group of people. If you consider what Earth has democracy, then a world government wouldn't necessarily change that. USA is the global hegemon currently. And since money talks, the 1% dictates a lot of what America does. They therefore indirectly are the global government.  


&gt; Why do you consider that inevitable considering the scale of idealogical conflict between different faith beliefs, cultural beliefs and the variance of societal norms?  


Well....


&gt; Either way, We **AREN'T** going to have a global government soon.  


lol.... Aren't you supposed to be an Se dom, how'd you miss that man, leave missing stuff like that to us Ni users lol. (that's a joke btw). Those reasons you outline are some of the reasons I'm sure their won't be a global government.  


&gt;  How do you see that happening with such diversity on the globe... or do you think it would require the destruction of individual liberty to achieve it?
(And if so - does that not concern you?)  


I think it's one of those things that CAN happen, but WON'T happen. If I was a different flavour of XNTJ I'd probably work to do something about it. Any form of governance requires some level of reduction of individual liberty. Even being an employee requires some level of reduction of individual liberty. Reduction of individual liberty itself is not too much of a concern to me. I'm okay with 0% autonomy when it comes to humans. BUT (Americans and other lovers freedom PLEASE hear my but). No human, group of humans or conglomerate of humans knows what's best for all humans. You probably don't even know what's best for your friends tbh lol, Neither do I (contrary to my popular belief that I do). I don't see global unifaction happening until we have no real reason to fight. And we have limited resources now. So either we destroy a large segment of Earth's population (A quick but uneccessary move with multiple drawbacks) or up Earth's productivity and encourage population control (China's one child policy may be a bit TOO far) until we have enough to share and can only hate each other for dumb things like skin colour and different faiths. Pretty sure we could get along then.


---  


You're welcome, and I am willing to discuss more of this with youMost Universally Likeable: ISFJ  
Most Universally Unlikeable: ENTP  
Most Universally Misunderstood: A toss up between ENTP and INFJ  
Most Universally Socially Unaware: INTJ  
Most Universally Funny: ENTP  
Most Universally Serious: ... Gonna go ESTJ, though ISTJs will *look* more serious  
Most Universally Focused: ISTJ (I'm tempted to say ISTP but I've never interacted with a confirmed one for long so i can't say)  
Most Universally Unfocused: ENTP  
Sounds more like a psychological examination than an introverted intuition exercise. Starting at an arbitrary imaginated point and going in to deeper meaning is more of an Fi exercise (and that's still off).  


Try having a friend tell you of something that WILL happen in the future, then you try to figure out why it would happen. What clues led to that conclusion.  


Doesn't even have to be a future. Could be a random fact, or a random general meaning. 


Try this one on for size... You should go to China. Not now, but soon.


Or. What I am reading here is off. 


Best advice I can give you, and I am sure it's still bad advice... And you *still* wouldn't experience Ni dom level Ni stuff that way (most of these Ni doms describe Ni like being high on LSD, but always being high, and quite sober while experiencing said trip)I've already given you three examples of one exercise. Maybe if you had Ni you would have known these were exercises (I'm just messing with you bud). 


&gt; Try having a friend tell you of something that WILL happen in the future, then you try to figure out why it would happen.


That's one


&gt; Try this one on for size... You should go to China. Not now, but soon.   


This is the second one. The exercise: This thought has somehow popped in to your head, not as something you could do, but something you *should* do. Now come up with an explanation for why this is the case.   


&gt; What I am reading here is off  


There are some how a lot of wrong points in my original response. what are they? what facts can you see, or theories can you compare it to? maybe even a gander in to your past might help.


It still wouldn't be like having Ni, but it's something we deal with often, some of us don't even bother trying (Mr. "I just know" typical smartass guy for e.g.)  


Worse, it's a relatively unconcious function, so while you might experience Ni, it's not something I'm inherently aware of a lot of the time. So contrary to popular belief we're not constantly maneuvering around through an imaginary world (at least I can tell you I'm not), it's basically just hunches, flashes of symbols, noise in your head that blocks out the world to an extent and other such goddamn nusainces. Also recall based on not what something is, or could be, but what it represents. Other Ni users if you can see this and this text isn't being blocked by your own goddamn Ni, tell me if anything i said here is wrong.NTPs are equipped with the best tools to piss off society at large. ENTPs just have the social presence and extra number of possible angles to piss off society, especially in our Si user world. Really good Ne, moderately good Ti, and weaker Fe.  


It's only when they start developing Fe and have learnt a lot, do they become the chill nice ones who come up with the best ideas, rather than just pointing out all the reasons your ideas are wrong.  


The Te dom types were a close second but we really only get under your gears in certain situations (e.g. we're your boss and we're also underdeveloped :D )Mate... intelligence (which granted is measured/valued differently by each individual) has a MUCH better consistent interpretation than looks.  


If I can solve problems better than you, answer questions better than you, back up my argument better than you, know more than you, or have a sexier vocabulary than you. Most people would agree I am the smarter person.  


Looks... To a few I am almost an incarnation of perfection (just need bigger arms and a better hairline). To others, I am just kinda handsome. To some, they don't see how anyone could be attracted to me, and they're glad I know big words so I can sound smart.  


By your standards (personal interpretation), I can also measure how intelligent people are (and I do this everyday for NT reasons), using some of the criteria outlined. In fact, for me, that is MUCH easier than measuring and comparing looks unless I'm looking at a beauty and a beast.ENTJ: Intelligence = 6; Looks = 6  
Both looks and intelligence has diverse tastes. And just like there are things that most people find attractive, there are things most people find exhibits intelligence. E.g. It's almost universally agreed that Stephen Hawking is intelligent.  


You're either saying "looks" has only 1 pure form to you and you can measure based on that, which you can. If that is the case then you can pretty much do the same for intelligence, even if it takes a bit more analysis. 

Alternatively you could be saying "Looks" has 1 pure form that applies to humanity in general and that you being a 7 or attractive is going to be universal. But then we men have constant debates about who's attractive and who is not, with only outliers really being agreed upon. Worse yet in a measurable way? At best you can get a census/sample on a likert scale and use some form of statistical analysis to determine the average opinion of how attractive you are, and that's subjecting a very arbitrary subjective opinion INTO an arbitrary and subjective measurement scale. What I define 7 as, you might define 5 as (meaning I call someone a 7, you call them a 5, but intrinsically we both equally find that person attractive). It's a flawed idea, and like I already stated, everyone has different opinions especially since "Looks" is COMPLETELY about how you feel/how someone's appearance affects you (and like you so conveniently stated STILL gets biased because people with good personalities appear more attractive to us and vice versa)  


I don't need to list objective measures of intellect. You've been put through one for most of your life (assuming you went to school and got exams like most of us here). IQ tests, puzzles, Q&amp;A, calculation. All of which points back to some of the key concepts that almost all consider to be the basis of intelligence. How much you know, and how well you can solve problems. (even being a master tactician in a sport you play in ties in to having knowledge and solving problems)So what do you call someone who was dedicated, had a decent work ethic, was well educated, had an interest in difficult to grasp topics and now knows more than the average individual, and is able to solve problems better than other people?  


And if you're going to say no one is inherently more capable of becoming smart than the other, that's also wrong too. We aren't carbon copies of each other. This is not to say that some people WILL be smart with no work, and that the others are stupid REGARDLESS of their attempts. No one is destined to be smart without effort, and most of us aren't destined to be stupid. But you cannot discount intelligence as a concept because it exists to define a clear, proveable and recognizable difference between two people.I can play your game. At the basic level both "looks" and "intelligence" are metaphysical. They're just constructs created to explain things that do not pertain to anything specific, but something that can be applied across specifics... 


Reminds me of some descriptions of Ni lol. 


At some level we agree i guess. But to answer your chess player vs Einstein question... The chess player gains intangible points and unless albert E did something stupid, he simply gains no points. Good talk mate&gt; unless you absolutely know nothing about MBTI.  

A.k.a. a decent population on this board. It's a relevant message to the newcommers and unfamiliarsENTJ 

 
* People who make bad decisions
* People who ask others to solve their problems when they are capable of doing so themselves 
* People who judge and scorn people based on the *stupidest* of things
* People who think they are God's gift to the Earth and deserve to be treated as such *just because* rather than because of their works or their potential  
* People who do things that get in the way of an important task  
* People who get in the way of an important task for stupid reasons  
* People who get in the way of an important task for a reason like "I don't like how you spoke to me"  
* Seriously. **Fuck you** people who get in the way of important tasks  
* Racists of all shapes and colours  
* People who just blindly throw words with bad connotations around to describe something simply because they don't like it. "cowardly" "selfish" and "ignorant" are good examples of words just thrown around.  
* People who try to manipulate me, or try to gain "alpha male" status by putting others down.  
* By the way, I'm chill with being lazy, but if what you are doing is going to lead to a worse result...  
* Super Fuzzy Warmsies People.  
* People who enforce the rules blindly  


There's more, but I feel this list is pretty long already, and if I gave a full list it would be a screen's lengthEXACTLY. And now you're both being a hypocrit AND getting in the way. At what point was this a good idea?I have no problem with that actually. Voice a complaint, feeback is important. I don't want to just hurt your feelings and you suck it up.  


But normally people can continue doing what's needed WHILE voicing their complaint, it's not like I'm not gonna hear that and retune my approach. I get that some people are sensitive and whatever and have their own personal whatever over a project, but remember that usually projects aren't FOR ME alone, or even for YOU alone. Most things worth working on affect other people too. You getting in the way of OUR rewards and THEIR service for some passive aggressive crybaby stuff (when I didn't insult you or even give you criticisms) is deeply enfuriating.  


Still I know that some people are going to do that. I understand that. I'll still work with them and go for drinks with them (the persons in mind I'm actually going for drinks with this evening). 


**That**. **Does**. **Not**. **Make**. **It**. **Any**. **Less**. **Annoying**. **Tho**.Also... that phrasing. Like, it's not that extreme where I'm like I don't give a fuck about what you want, work on this thing and suck it up... I'm an ENTJ not a control freak and an asshole (though I am sure there's a correlation lol)  


Projects and personal goals aren't mutually exclusive groups. There's also (usually) no need to clog up the works to demand respect. You can demand it while working, which is the method that usually garners respect from people who "speak to you that way" anyway.Well ISFPs and I normally clash unless they are in charge of me so i wouldn't be surprised, I'm probably going to end up on your list as well if you made one. Some of my favourite people are/have been ISFP though. I don't hate all of you... Just most of you :)Debates and discussions I endorse and enjoy. ACTUAL conflict i try to avoid or confront depending on the situation and the person's involved, the implications of conflict etc. It's a case-by-case deal rather than one philosophy. If everyone could handle it I'd just cut straight to the point after 2 sentences, hash it out quickly and attempt to move on..........


r/ENTP  


..........I'm an ENTJ... Who am I supposed to stereotypically hate?I know the answer for this one.  

Anything efficient and effective SJ protagonists. Not Si doms irl. 


You know... the guys in movies... not the real life Si doms/auxes that are actually complex people, instead of basic just basic characters like Superman (Who I think is an XSFJ).


Also yeah I'm sure Superman has more depth in the comics or whatever, but you get my point.ENTJ. They could continue the legacy.Now this is a good reply to OP, maybe you should put it where he could see it lol&gt; do you think that it might be that OP types some characters as SJs because they lack emotional/intellectual depth?  

Yes. but " insisting that they just DO things" is a common sentiment I have heard amongst Si users to be fair, I get why somoene not fully knowledgeable would just apply this stereotype widely like that.  


&gt; What I hinted at was that introverted perceiving functions will, almost by definition, have more depth than their extraverted counterparts.  


More like you set a trap for him to THEN bring that up later if he responded maybe, cuz your original response is akin to attacking a strawman when the original question were about fictional characters, not about the people. (That's why I like /u/Twenty-Pikachus response since it addresses that question). You make it sound like he says "Real people with Si have no depth" which is a hurtful statement to put in his mouth and also doesn't answer his question ("Where my NTs protagonists at?"... Something I can relate to cuz honestly... where are the good guy ENTJs?).  


Considering OP thinks SJs are Se doms, Probably doesn't fully understand the theory anyway, let him/her ride their NT high horse to later get knocked off their pedastal. If they're a smart enough NT, they'll eventually realize what they have is a "unique" strength, not a "superior" one.Just change

&gt; Which thinking type tends to show the most traits that go with F  


From INTJ to EXTP and you're goldenA world full of Ne doms and auxes... Sounds like it'd be  fun for a while, but I think I'll pass on the chaos and hide in my room waiting for everyone to die as an ISFP in this universe.Christmas is the most useful time of year :)Romantic/close knit until there is something to do. Then the friction starts[Have you checked the socionics descriptions?...](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/2c2yin/socionics_mbti_type_description_by_functions_istp/) 


[On the righthand side of the r/mbti sub?...](http://imgur.com/a/FHELj)


But a lot of people say that they can feel/use the opposite orientation of their aux function. For you whose aux function is Se, that would be Si, and for me who has aux Ni, that's Ne.


I feel like I have great access to Ne. Happens almost naturally in certain situations. Wildly almost unrelated ideas that actually ARE related, and does have links in my mind, going a myriad of directions. Helps form jokes and helps me gain a foothold when I completely don't know what to do/forgot... But Ni takes actual precedence over that. Ne feels like a gimmick to me more than a way of life (I'd imagine INTPs would ~~feel~~ *think* about Ni similarly)  


For you whose aux would be Se (cuz I'm confident you're an ISTP by virtue of these descriptions) that would mean Si, and honestly you would probably be better at understanding that than I would (Si too often gets described as the "sticks to tradition, follows a boring routine and is always stuck in the past" function, when I'm quite sure it's more than that). It would mean that you have access to Si (memory of details, a view of how things have affected you, the impressions certain things have/do impact you (which often requires memory), the ability to concretely hold concretely observed patterns and the ability to notice when things are different/have changed.  

 
I get your thing about Te (I feel the same about extended usage of Ti) but for what it's worth, I sorta hate hierarchies/most forms of authority too. I find the former often leads to inefficiency and the later leads to bad decisions. Power is life though....


Also that link I provided also displays your lack of resonance with Ne (your third functions opposite orientation)  


Either way MBTI is not a hard 100% fact, but if you're looking for a type ISTP should fit you best based on what you've reported.
You're a 17 year old lady. Pinning down your type is going to be difficult (especially if you're actually an ENTP). The theory is already unproveable and is being applied to something as dynamic and complex as a human being (and honestly, if when saying your age in English you need to make a "teen" sound, you are at the most dynamic part of your mental life).


You have other obstacles here like gender roles (even if you say fuck em, they'll low key influence how you do certain things, and both Extraverted and Feeling type behavior is sorta encouraged in women in most societies) to further obscure how you behave and how you actually develop (e.g having stronger Fe than your ENTP bretheren and socially outcasted sisters).  


I shouldn't have to tell an ENTP that almost anything is possible lol. You could be an ESFJ for all I know, I'd want you to be an ESFJ, you could be an ENTP/ISFJ/Some other type. I'd need more information to conclusively say, but again... 17... changes.. It'd be hard to pin down still lol"What should I do to become as all knowing as I can be, given the constraints that you would give me about sharing this information?"


It feels like anything worthwhile I can get from the source would be useless (How to take over Earth? How to earn the most money? How to solve world hunger? etc.) If I could get pointed to a direction where I could get all this ABSOLUTE TRUTH information for myself (and thus be able to use it openly), heh... It would be like if I got more than one answer from that being... Unless I get some dumbass answer like "Google"


Either way, most other questions feel wasted except for afterlife questions/small exposure questions like "Where is my soul mate", so I'd be mad if I got an answer like that, but I wouldn't regret asking it unless I worded it wrongly or something.Does this happen frequently? Yes. Daily? No.


I don't think it's unrelated to type, but it's not 100% correlated to it either.


As far as I am concerned, one way to interpret Si&gt;Ne is not "Sticking to tradition and avoiding change" but "Ensuring that no cringey moments occur because it's gonna be there in my Si for a good while and let's just not do that"


In other words, I think frequency of it increases on an Ne/Si axis as Si moves up the ladder, but people of othe types do it as well. (When I do the reaction is usually me saying something to cancel the thought/shouting out to the past people to stop. Much to the shock and concern of those around me)With my currently limited information, I can only not share 'how **I** can become as all knowing as I can be', I should be able to share information on how **others** can do it, cuz it wouldn't be a breach of contract... 


Even so, I think that's an ultimate fantasy. ABSOLUTE TRUTH = knowledge on how to do everything = being able to realize any of my dreams. 


I don't have to share the information. I don't mind taking over Earth, getting rich and solving world hunger while people ask "How did you know how to do that?" while I just respond "heh" and shrug. The idea actually makes it sound more tempting, although scarily limiting lol   


(and thanks for the appreciation, although to me that's an inside of the box answer. There was no way I am leaving such a grand oppurtunity with useless information and a smile... I'm coming back with the tools to influence the world and achieve things, or at least maximise knowledge gained)Hard to pin down. Not impossible. Everyone is different as well. I used to type as ENTP for example.I thought I responded to you earlier. I ain't saying don't try, I'm saying it'll be a challenge/here are some things to watch out for (Especially since part of the reason you're in this typology predicament is the "well developed Fe" which, in case you have forgotten, you are a woman and sorta need Fe like skills to navigate the world because it's expected, or you get slightly shunned/ostracized for not having it? Developing Fe is the logical thing to do in such a case innit? especially as an extrovert)  


I'd have to have more than a couple of boxes of Verdana font to type you anyway, especially given the number of shifting factors there.Can confirmWith a unified team* Happiness  
* Power/Wealth (Wealth is just a more tangible form of power)   
* Justice (What I consider justice)
* Knowledge  
* Adventure 
* Popularity    
* Honesty  
* Humor
* Freedom  
* Compassion
* Creativity  
* Solitude  
* Justice (as defined by anyone else not in control of me)  
* Faith (Faith has no intrinsic importance to me)What is love for an NT but a sense of mutual intrigue?  


If you truly love someone, and you really mean it, rigourously interrogate them until they can't take it no more.


If they don't like it, then they weren't the one for you anyway.Ideal. Very ideal.I'm going to have to say collectivist here. 


I don't really like labelling my beliefs (because then too often things I don't like/agree with end up getting slapped on to my belief), but collectivist works.  


Why? Simple. Humans are often selfish, near sighted, and work for themselves and the people they care about. It makes realizing collectivism hard, but when there is no common objective, no unity in action, and no unity in direction, the machine (in this case society) just randomly makes things to whatever fancy some random people had. The machine works against itself. Sometimes the freedom creates innovation, but sometimes... It just wastes a lot of resources (both physical and human), potentially leads to conflict and many zero sum games.  


I believe once there is a common cause, and collaboration, humanity can do MORE than they would as wild loners. Covering each other's weaknesses, accentuating each other's strengths, and to top it off the bond of commraderie and friendship that it might foster as "we're all in this together" rather than "dog eat dog, every man for themselves". The only hard thing about collectivism is... How does anyone, or anything determine what's best for the collective? Once you can answer that, there's no need for this 'individualism'.You're still a human, and being a thinker doesn't mean you're not prone to inaccuracy. But it's really easy to rush to that conclusion that they have an issue with you since, well... they've said something that strongly indicates they have some issue with you. (I'm assuming that "said something about me" = something bad).  


Another thing to note is sometimes people do lie when you ask if they have an issue with you. Sometimes to spare your own feelings. Sometimes because they know it's pretty stupid to have that issue with you in the first place and they're actively trying NOT to have that issue (I do that last one a lot)


First of all. I'm pretty sure you've been told this often, and you know this, but for stating it sake  
*"Do not rely fully on the tests to determine your type"*


Now. One thing to avoid is just using the dichotomy of P vs J when typing yourself,  try thinking about whether you prefer Ti and Ne, or if you'd prefer Ni and Te. I think the best way to figure out who you are is to figure out your first and second function and/or figure out your 4th function. The one you neglect/repress/fall into when at your lowest.


I was in a similar predicament to yours when I had to choose between ENTJ and ENTP. Icame to the conclusion of ENTJ by looking at the differences between an Fi grip and an Si grip for example, when i double checked the ENTJ functions and their descriptions, it fit better, plus I lurked on r/ENTJ for a while and I fit in better there than r/ENTP.


I suggest You probably try using similar methods (Look at Ti, and Ne as cog functions [I'm going to let you know ahead of time you'll relate a bit] and Ni and Te as cog functions [you're going to relate a bit as well] THEN look at what 4th Fe and Fe grip is. Then look at what 4th Se and Se grip is.  


If you've gone through that and still don't know your type... well.. idk... if not.. do it.
&gt; IXXJs Really need someone constantly telling them they suck  


INFJs? you sure? I can tell you from experience that all you'll do is exacerbate the problem. Then again I am an asshole.Most ENTJs have *literally* prepared for and planned for that hypothetical situation already. While most other types are going "Oh shit, this is real, what do we do now?", the ENTJs only problem would be "who's plan do we actually go with?"More likely we'd get divided into different factions. We (should be) more focused on setting up systems to achieve goals than being the "top guy". It's really just the 8's we'll have to keep in lineMy first thought was: "I hope I don't/won't do this"  

My second thought: "Get a new boss/find a new job/start your own fucking business" 


My third thought: Are you sure ENTJ? When I'm fully operational (aka not in a stressed/looped state) I wouldn't make that mistake. I'm more likely to understand the limits of my system (aka you and the workers) and overestimate the abilities of the machine (aka everyone and what goals they can achieve). I find it's often the ESTJs that run their workers into the ground (trying to make sure everything is performing up to standard/as it should), but that's a generalization/stereotype and I haven't seen other ENTJs in charge of anything and maybe i'm watching the situation wrongly so I'll go with the assumption they are ENTJ anyway and give my thoughts.


Theoretically it sounds like a Te-Se loop kinda thing (at least on the ENTJ front). It's not so much that Introverted intution leads the decision making, it's more like... It isn't on? Like If i get HEAVILY behind an idea that I am sure WILL work, I'll get hyperfocused on trying to get people behind it. "Come on stop wasting time talking and just get behind it. Doesn't it make sense? Won't it be beneficial? Then just fucking do it". Focusing on trying to get the idea implemented rather than really looking at the bigger picture. At that point it's really hard to stop an ENTJ. Things that tend to knock me out of the loop is an instance of complete success/failure


Unless you really feed Te some hardcore mind bending fact that makes the plan change, (and in that loop stage it'll take great mind bending), you're going to have a tough time unless you've shown you're competent and knowledgeable (and whether you are or aren't, your inability to actualize their plans has disqualified you from being considered competent.)  


&gt; The ONLY success I have ever had on this front is when I somehow present the information that led me to view their decision as incorrect, without ever suggesting I actually think their decision is wrong, or that I want to do something differently.  


Sad but true. Maybe with INTJ there's a pride element, but with me it's more "I'm not having you destroy my very possible and sure plan with your random feelings and weird point while we achieve nothing". You present *information* and it feeds into the Te-Se loop. Before you know it, we're on a different trajectory to the same objective given this new information (or as you say, doing our thing your way, but we actually think it's our way).  


I think INTJs have a slightly different problem. With higher Ni, accesible 3rd Fi and 4th Se, they tend to have more well thought out ideas, and much more personal involvement in them, wanting more exactness in their plans. I think different workings in the mind, same problem on the ground (i.e. don't come contradicting the grand plan and risk shutting it down).  


I believe there are ways to probably get to NTJs more consistently, but the problem here is either you're actually incompetent, or your bosses are. And MBTI is no excuse for either one being true.That was definitely a good laugh. My goodness smh.  

(I'm pretty sure that Mr. Meesinks is ENFJ but the joke still stands)For B) If you're going to bring contradictory information, bring proof and ensure that whatever inferences you can make with that proof CLEARLY shows an objectively better outcome. If that doesn't work, you'll have to try more devious manipulation tactics, but if you force us to do your bidding against our plans too many times, you'll be seen as threat and will be removed... so don't recommend that either.  


Also again, I don't know about other ENTJs but the two i know (including myself) would say "ok, well if you can only do this, then I'll have to work with that" sooner than "i dont wanna hear that you can't". 
in fact your complaint is the one I try my best to avoid, cuz it' decisions like that, that actually get me emotional, then again they're old and have achieved a lot so they may not have tasted bad decisions and carrying them out to achieve failure (at least in their available memory).  


I still say start your own thing up. If you're smart enough to know better than your ENTJ bosses, you're smart enough to run your own show, and better than them. Out ENTJ the ENTJs for a change.I respect that. Forgive my type, but if you won't/can't do it now, i still think you should work towards doing it in the future :)We'd like to look at ourselves as perfect at what we do, but honestly, I can objectively say I've done this. It isn't my modus operandi, It isn't fully aligned with the typical NT behavior, but haven't you ever been a part of (which for us typically means led) a group project, only to see people inputting stupid ideas, and you try to be nice and let them, only to see you were right and you have a watered down/worthless version of your original idea?  


Can you say for sure that when you see this coming, that you don't try to shut it down? Because if you look at it from his "evil bosses" perspective, he's that dumbass watering down the group project.Not everything, but enough to know everything,The world is a giant collection of problems and opportunities. Either you're solving problems and capitalizing on opportunities, or you're not.  


I want what I want, and others should as well, and we should do what we can to get it. This means figure out what you want, figure out what you need to get it, then put measures in place to ACTUALLY get it.  


Success/Failure is important, and giving up is a failure. Never trying is a failure. It means that my only option (our only option) is to make an attempt, and keep making it until you succeed/are sure it's impossible.  


I conciously hate "organization", "schedules" and "order". But I hate the consequences of "disorganization", "winging it" and "disorder" more. 


I'm a guy I would classify as lazy. I don't want to have to struggle hard to get things done. I don't want the actual activity to rely on memory and effort. I also don't want to spend forever doing it.... But at the end of the day, I want something, I must work towards it. 


Also I try to gather "facts", and get a decent enough understanding of them. Once I understand them, I try to find out how it can be used to get the things that I (or the people I care about) want. Achievement is the greatest gift I can give to anyone, and there's enough to go around.  


All of this causes one great reaction, regardless of how unconcious or unobvious it is. I want to get things done. I want it to be done smoothly. I want it to be done easily. I want it to be done effectively. This is why I develop systems, routines and practices. They make doing things easier, better, an more productive. And productivity itself isn't that important. It's having an easy and accomplished life that is important.  


All this planning and desire chasing means, nothing that I *REALLY* want... is small. There is no way one man can do the things I want to do. It means needing a team. It means needing others. Besides, I need others and their expert (or not so expert but differing) opinions to help me guide the ship in a desirable direction. And quite often the most efficient and smooth path to a desirable outcome means delegation.  


I've already thought of what would be necessary before, I'm still thinking about it now, and I will think about it in the future, thus even from a subordinate position, I find myself providing guidance, suggesting courses of action, and recommending strategies or routines. If I can't, and there's nothing for me to do, then I'll spectate, see what I can learn, see if there's anything that can be improved, and absorb strategies for my own future use.   


If a problem comes up, I'll immediately attend to it (if i deem it a problem). Which is why it is nice to have a plan in place for possible problems. Without it, I'm VERY likely to make a stupid move.  


In all, it's taking information, and using it to achieve a desired result, as best as you can. Also dealing with emotional people is difficult, because outside of personal attacks, if something has made me sad/angry/another negative emotion, 95% of the time it's either 


A) a problem I can't solve   
B) An important failure I can't resolve. 


The solution to these negative emotions?  
For A) Give me a solution/solve my damn problem  
For B) Find me something else more important to make up for my failure/objectively prove it wasn't that important (e.g. You may not have made it to Gold the season in League, but you're still making great progress with your degree)  


Now imagine how well it works when you just copy and paste these solutions on everyone... Failure, and you know how I feel about that :(
This would have been better off as a reply to /u/PetarKingLove that maze reference man. It's pretty spot on.&gt; I'd love for any Te doms to share some insight into their experiences to help us see your world with more clarity. Can you describe the EXTJ world and outline focal points which define your own experience? *It will be interesting to see if and how the ESTJ's and the ENTJ's worlds differ.*  


Well my sensor bretheren, concrete examples aren't my thing, but Ima try to include them so we can try compare and contrast.  

The world is a giant collection of problems and opportunities. Either you're solving problems and capitalizing on opportunities, or you're not.

To me the world has things i want (Money, power, love, free time, land, notoriety, comfort, freedom), ways to get it (Work, research, networking, being nice, opening businesses, showing off, etc.), and problems (lack of resources like money, no connections, lack of equipment, adversaries, my incompetence, inefficient paths/procedures) 

I think if you want something, and that thing is feasible, you should try to get it. If you want to be a doctor (not just made the decision to be a doctor, i mean being a doctor is your actual desire, and not being a doctor means misery) then find out what you need to do to become a doctor, then actually get it done. Even if you fail, it was better than not trying. It is important to find the best way to succeed though.


The words "organization", "schedules" and "order" feel like they're constraining. As though I have to tend to unimportant things, do things pointlessly, restrict myself from capitalizing on opportunities, and submitting to an authority that will make bad decisions that cannot be changed (even if that authority is of my own making).


But when things are fundamentally disorganized and disorderly, like things are just placed randomly on my desk rather than in certain places for example, if the need for say, a specific pen comes up, I can't just instinctually reach for a spot and grab it. I have to remember where it is/search for it, both are time consuming and takes effort (this is just a small example obviously lol).  


I don't want to attend to tasks, or try to accomplish things in a way that's stressful/painful. Something as simple as choosing what clothes to wear for example. When I'm putting away my clothes, I place them in a "tier system", on a continuum with my shitty home clothes to the left (polo tier), all the way to my "only for special occassions" clothes on the right (god tier). So if I'm going out with friends to a public place, that's tier 3 (god tier is tier 1), if there were strangers/a girl I'm trying to impress that's tier 2, for example. I do this because I don't wanna go through the hastle of independently evaluating clothing options on the fly, and searching through clothes, I wanna just "I need clothes for x? Lemme grab it".


For my fact gathering/usage thing. An example of this is that I found out my friend has land on the mountains, and that the mountainous land is very suitable for growing [chayote](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chayote) , so I immediately thought "then we must put that shit on your mountain and make money off of it". (If it seems obvious, it kinda is. I hear Te takes that which should be obvious and works with it.) 


With this sorta "what do I want. How do i get it. Okay let's do it" attitude, most small things (like deciding what to wear, finding a pencil, winning game, getting a decent(ish) paying job) get accomplished, so I want *MORE*. Like more money, power (i already gave you that list). This is a failed example, but one I'll provide anyway. I wanted to find a party in my area to just let loose, I took out my phone and thought "ok, there should be an app for this", to my surprise, there wasn't. I thought "there should be an app for this", But I don't even know how to do it, so i sought out my friends who would know (an INTP programmer and an INFJ graphic artist), found out from them what would be needed, then instructed them to do so. For every problem that came up (how do we market it, how should it be designed, how would we store it), I either attended to it to the best of my ability, or found someone who could do better than the best of my ability. We never actually produced the app, and someone else did. A failure, and I take 99% responsibility for it's failings.


&gt; I've already thought of what would be necessary before, I'm still thinking about it now, and I will think about it in the future, thus even from a subordinate position, I find myself providing guidance, suggesting courses of action, and recommending strategies or routines. 


Primary place this happens is when my friends and I play LoL. I have an ISTJ friend, he normally takes charge/calls shots. I'm supposed to "follow his guide" but I constantly point out what's happening and state what will happen if we make certain decisions.


And when something happens and it registers as either "opportunity or problem" I jump at it. Almost literally. Like if you say "I need water" I'll immediately start walking. "I need help with this excel sheet" and I'm already behind your computer. "The enemy is coming from behind" and I have already turned around to fire. 


... That impulse to action is a double-edged sword. If I make the right decision (walk in the right direction for the water, not put myself in an embarassing position also being lost with the excel sheet, shoot in the right direction) it's a swift and easy victory. If I make the wrong decision (walk in the wrong direction, end up not knowing what the hell is going on with the excel sheet, shoot my second in command) it's an abrupt and immediate stupid move. I'm one to either fully evaluate the situation, or immediately make a call, but not much for stopping to consider options. It helps to consider my options beforehand (and thus know what I'm getting into so I can prepare said options beforehand).&gt; What's the difference between ENTJ and ESTJ


I shall put some answers here after I get back. I wanna hear/read what you guys think. 


But if you want to keep believing in mbti, both types have a very different locus of focus so you can't be both. But their tert Se/Be makes both types creative yet realistic. Either way it still gets buried under Te's iron fist.I'll be here about 10 hours from now when I'm not at work/have access to a computer.... I get wall of texty.Back. And early  


[This is a discussion about the differences between us on r/ENTJ](https://www.reddit.com/r/entj/comments/4vo33k/entj_vs_estj/)  


The rest is a copy-paste from a discussion i had with someone once.


It's a hard question to give more answers to without diving into stereotypes like "ENTJs are future minded and ESTJs are in the past". So I'll talk from my experience


We're both bossy, ruthless and ambitious types. We both have an affinity for objective quantifiable logic and a powerful emotional core that we supress/ignore.


One thing that you have to note is that ESTJs are often pretty "normal" (They are allegedly about 10% of the population after all). Unless they're in "work mode" (where they are normally the hardasses we've come to know and stereotype them as) they're usually joking around, trying to get everyone to do something fun/productive and small talking (most of them where I'm from drop wicked insults as jokes, they're the kind to point out that you're fat and laugh at you while subliminally suggesting you need to work out).


An ENTJ outside of workmode (where they are the ruthless visionaries that would bulldoze puppies if it would benefit them that we've come to be known and stereotyped for) is more... intense.... See... We don't care about the little details of things that much, for most of us only things that entertain a big picture gets noticed, so we'd tend to ask more probing questions, steer things towards deep and significant discussions. They like stating their opinion on things, and changing other people's mind to their opinions..... good times.... anyway. My jokes in particular tend to be about things failing on a large scale, not sure about other ENTJs.


ENTJs are more likely to zone out/daydream than an ESTJ (Ni does that to you).  
ENTJs would be more clumsy/less able to notice things than an ESTJ (not so strong Se does that to you)  
ENTJs would be more optimistic than an ESTJ would.  
ENTJs tend to focus on trying to optimize outcomes, ensuring that potential benefit is not lost, that whatever they're focusing on they're getting the most they can get.  
ESTJs tend to focus on optimizing systems, ensuring that whatever system they're working on is operating at it's best. They usually have an idea what an ideal system would be like and work to get the system up to standard, and often the focus is on minimizing risk/producing efficiently.  


An ENTJ is more likely to want you to explain why he should do something (who/what benefit would this have? For what purpose am I doing this?), an ESTJ is more likely to want you to explain how he should do something (exactly what are you asking me to do? how do i do it? what problems should I look out for? what do i do if X happens?). Both types will ask both questions, but there will be a distinct difference in focus.


ENTJs are more likely to respond positively to vague/abstract words or thought provoking questions than ESTJs are. ESTJs may react by giving an opinion, but they'll often question "Why are we having this discussion?" or "What is it you're really trying to say?". OR if they understand it, they'll often bring the topic down to Earth with examples and other such physical facts, especially if they can turn it into a lesson.


ENTJs are more likely to write you off for being stupid or making bad decisions. ESTJs are more likely to write you off for being incompetent or lazy.


If I had to give a summary for the typical ENTJ and ESTJ mottos....


ENTJ: "If you see something you want, go for it. Try to get it. Let nothing stop you. Find a way to get it. Otherwise do the best you can, make an attempt, learn from the experience so you can grow and become more powerful, more capable of doing that which you want to do"


ESTJ: "Work hard. Work smart. Ensure that everyone you care about lives rich productive and fulfilling lives. Fulfill your role and fulfill it well, make sure to have no regrets. Do the best you can. Make an attempt, learn from your mistakes so that you may never repeat them again."


(Disclaimer: Every individual is different, these are just generalizations yada yada yada)Explain please.tfw in order for your statement to make sense, you'd be generalizing Sensors as people who generalize far too much.&gt; He generalizes far too much to be an N.  


Just letting people know what the typo was so I don't look like an idiot :)It's annoying but the tests are only a guideline. MBTI wise you gotta check it out by cognitive processes 


Like Extraverted Thinking, Introverted Sensing, that kinda thing.

See what form of thought pattern best describes you.  


Either way you're a Te dom, you probably want a measurable and objective way to measure your cognitive function use.  


[Here's a gift. If you want you can share the results with us later for further analysis, cuz people love typing people here](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm)What I've seen personally with Fi doms, is that they get passionate about somethings. If they're passionate and have really conflicting worldviews, The argument gets very intense, but ends in a short amount of time.  


Some get intrigued when you have a completely different world view, they'll ask about it with genuine curiosity, trying to figure out what you think/why you think it. By itself it doesn't change theirs though.  


If they have a problem with your view though. They tend to state it, then attempt to defend it, but they're often some conflict averse people. So after a few biting remarks and outbursts, they just withdraw, maybe with a "Well. That's good for you, but I'm not okay with that". Then **The Brawl Of Passive Aggression** ensues for a while.  


They just harbour negative thoughts/try to get rid of negative thoughts and interact less with the person depending on the individual and extent of the offense


Source: I have spent my life surrounded by Fi domsHe should be if it's necessary/more effective at actualizing his visions.  


:)My questions to you, now that you've officially adopted the new stamp...  


What made you think you were ENTP before?  
And what makes you think you're an ISFJ now?I'm wondering if INFPs are the type most prone to depression,  
or depressed people are most likely to type INFP.My friend is like a very sensitive and annoying Santa Claus.  


Picture that.Maybe because you're an ENTP and are interested in ENTP things?  


I personally find r/ENTP ok, but cartoonish. r/ENTJ is good for me, although I've seen a lot of people just coming to us for help dealing with assholes (cuz if a person is an asshole... he must be an ENTJ right?)  


The only subreddits i feel sorry for are the ESXJ ones, because there is no one there. Each sub serves it's own purpose lad, it'd be weird (and would make you question if MBTI has ANY validty) if all 16 types acted like/had the same interest as the NTPs.Hmm...&gt; Quiet people who go about on their own place completely content doing nothing while everyone goes about their business. Usually the seem to have a blank look that comes off as condescending to me  


Like some good questions to ask you are...  


* Where do you work? (industry, occupation, tasks).  
* What about these guys?   
* Is the pay/work place great? (Not I can learn to live with it great, actually naturally great)   
* Is the job demanding of them (I'm including needing to interact with people often as a "demand")   
* Is the job rewarding? (pay, progression, notable impact when done well like satisfied customers, visible significant things you can say "i did that" for)  
* Do they fulfill their job description?  


I ask this because while this sounds stereotypically INTP, it also sounds like disenchantment for the job/no care for the company and the work place. I remember when I used to work for minimum wage at RadioShack, EVERYONE used to do that. Shut up, show up, do the bare minimum, leave. 


Your description sounds more like job disenchantment than just INTP behavior. The INTPs I know WOULD like to do that, but if there is challenging enough work to do, they tend to do it, and try to be pleasant/make jokes.ISFPs seem to generally be quiet, even though they'll "float around" and awkwardly poke people very often. Then chuckle and float away in the distance. *Every female ISFP i have known*.If you're passionate enough about it, you'll learn eventually. Just work on knowing who wants clear-cut no bullshit answers, and who just needs a hug. You already know that some people won't like/benefit from the kind of therapy you want. Granted it'd be kinda hard, and you're guaranteed to trip a bit, but if there's any type i expect to face raw difficulty head-on and successfully, it's an ESTJ.  


tl;dr You can do it if you're passionate enough, just remember not everyone can take full on directness and do well with it.Honestly. For them that is the point. (I was sure there would be an outlier, nothing inherently says that Fi-Se tempts you to poke people anyway).  


What I would say is "try it". See if you like it or not/like people's reactions. You must also do the giggle and float away. *Mandatory* . You might be surprised with the results :)No wonder Ni doms find people annoying. Imagine being exposed to this for it to randomly and abruptly disappear when someone touches you and says "Hi"You can do it when you're leaving, but you're primarily supposed to do this like during normal times when you're passing by a person you're at least sorta comfortable with (say for example, a friend/family member in your house while you're on your way to get food) 


And if you feel the ridiculousness and you laugh, chances are the floating will naturally occur. I leave the full details for your shyness/Fi values to sort out. 


P.S. If you do actually do this, let me know how it went LOLInsufficient information. 


&gt; All that said, I don't really let my emotions control me or my opinions/decisions either.  


Only thing I can say is this doesn't look very INFP, but you're not out of the race yet. Honestly you might even be ESTJ for all i know. We'll need *Much* more information before we can type you.I don't know which one is funnier. 


The fact that your response was serious. 


Or the fact that it was relatable enough to get upvotes.That is how Ni feels sometimes.  


What the fuck was that?Better. Well now I don't think you're an ESTJ so there's that. 


I'm like very sure you're an XNXP, ENFP is my best guess.Give that one guy who is awake in the INTP conference a promotion. We could use a guy like him on our team.&gt; the second statement is the funnier statement  


Agreed. Also it's a shame that you don't get to see the cosmos unraveling before your eyes. I thought the cosmos was the first thing Ni doms saw when they wake up on a morning....  


That cat has better Ni than you.Not enough material reward. And for the ones pressing aggressively for a "cause" rather than physical reward... President is still not the most effective place to be.  


Besides... I wouldn't be surprised if one of the old presidents was a mistype and actually was ENTJ. Just not openly a brutal and inquisitive asshole. (Oh and I have also heard that ESTPs and ENTJs can be very similar on the surface, even if our internal processes are very different... and we have 9 "ESTPs")  


Better question is... Should America *really* get an ENTJ president?Don't worry. I don't want to see the day America *needs* an ENTJ president either. Ironically bringing back the old ways instead of sticking to what you're comfortable with is more Ni than Si anyway lolFor what it's worth you're still a pretty cool person online.Tbh I just conjectured "bringing back the old way" to mean "going back to some fabled glory time", especially since the implication of Putin "bringing back the old ways" sounds like "bringing back the cold war" rather than "going back to what he knew before".  


Also *technically* i said "is more" (meaning it could be Si), but the point is, the revival of some grand old fabled past is more likely going to be an Ni users' pursuit than an Si users' pursuit, because heavy Si users tend to be skeptical and worry about changing things to much/moving to things that don't have concrete proof/a clear path/possibly significant negative consequences.   


Not because things are in the past means that Ni (combined with your judging function of preference) won't charge towards it. 


The two points i was trying to mockingly get at was 


* Not because someone is trying to revive the past means they have heavy access to Si. Si (and the other 7 functions) are more nuanced than that.  


* The sheer anxiety and lack of assurance involved with "bring back the old ways" in many situations (i.e. you run one of the most powerful countries in the world and not everyone likes you, but you low key like Cold War Russia)  is actually Si deterrent. Ni is more likely to focus on the possibility of progress through their "vision", this one being revival of the old way, risks calculated for (as far as they're concerned). I imagine it was fun/funny? Thanks for the report.


As for getting an ENTJ to try it on.... Good luck becoming comfortable with one, you both will need it lol. 


As for if an ENTJ does it... Hmm... I'll try at work and report back to you unlike *some people* (cough cough) /u/glamsterhamsterTextbook ESTJ.Helping people is a very Te dom thing. That's why we boss you guys around. We're helping :_ ) 


But real talk yeah. Most Extroverts i know, either like to help people or be the center of attention. Also her methodology of helping people is also very Te... Giving people physical things (gifts/A big show), or giving people advice/instructions.  Hmm...  


&gt; she is always aware of everything going on around her. 


We're relatively aware, but not so much that someone would say always aware. Outward focus but still have that Ni/PolR Si


&gt; She remembers stuff about our dad (now deceased) and other family members that I don't remember as if it was yesterday. 


It's not that it would not fit an ENTJ, It'd just fit an ESTJ better



&gt; She doesn't like it when I leave before I'm "supposed to."  


THIS was a big hint. The sentence by itself is very Je dom. But the way you said it in quotes... Sounds like the kind of "supposed to" that drives us Ni users crazy. That supposed to sounds like the typical Si&gt;Ne ideal, combined with Te enforcement. It's a "supposed to" that makes sense I guess, but that sounds like the kind of "supposed to" that always makes me ask "why?" 


&gt; I think she is either an ESTJ or an **ESFJ**  


Assuming you don't have typology skills of someone fresh of 16personalities.com, it could be easy to confuse an ESTJ for an ENTJ, but to mistype an ENTJ as ESFJ? A little hard to do. Fe and Si?... ***Fe*** .... forget about it.Nah Fi tends to be more "live and let live", and Fe tend to be more "We must do that which is right for the good of humanity" Extremely speaking. 


Fi might be more inclined to "radical" anything, but almost every SJW i know is an XNFJ. (though that's like 3 people so grain of salt)This isn't a hard science. Do what the fuck you want, just don't mangle the theory too much and force it down anyone's throats. If you find a combo that describes you? neat. Sure you can come back and question it but honestly... it's not important anyway so I refer to my original piece of advice  


*do what the fuck you want*In my experience, it's a hit/miss thing.   


*Sometimes* it gives you the insight/openness to see other people's opinions.   


*Sometimes* it removes you enough from reality to press what you think is right, even though all you're doing is (ironically) hurting people's feelingsYeah i know. This was my answer to your question. 

i.e. it's not a hard science so nothing has to do anything except somewhat sound like the original theories (and be preferably somewhat accurate.)   Yeah lol so don't worry too much. Sorry if it sounded like an attack/came off as rude.Ask JungWell I'm not Jung, nor have i read his stuff. 


But your desire for verifiable objective proof, valid sources etc. That's pretty Te mayne.
No. 


Officially mbti is about cognition and cognitive preferences. The I and E in the 4 letter label is NOT about being outgoing friendly and talkative vs being shy quiet and staying at home. It's not about whether you like being around people, or you like being at home. That type of introversion vs extroversion isn't what the E/I is officially about. To be honest... the Extroversion vs Introversion i think you're talking about is a spectrum, and in a way, we're all ambiverts (because dealing with people still takes energy and even the most extroverted extrovert gets tired and needs sleep every once in a while, introverts have books and the internet and other stuff to sort of fill the void though i guess).  


For the cognitive preference theory. In order for you to be an ANTP, you'd need to equally prefer Ne and Ti with no heavy usage/reliance/desire for one over the other. You would also by extension have to suppress BOTH Fe and Si since your two dominant functions would contradict with that. 


Officially you fall into one of these loosely defined boxes with 4 letters and A is not an option.  I have taken a read. It's interesting to see this information presented here. I wish to respond to this but as of now, time is not on my side. I'll come to respond to this laterLife has a way of humbling even the most sure and strongheaded people, and almost no matter how great you are, you're still just a human being and no one is inherently better than the other. I can pin functions on it


*Life probably happened to you a lot and you're wondering if your mindset (Ni-Fe's current worldview/belief system) needs reworking (Ti getting some action).*  


But like this scenario isn't INFJ specific. It happens to a lot of people who put others before themselves. My ISTJ friend for example, and you guys share no functions.Small talk. Large crowds. Groups of 6+ where everyone is just exchanging stories and having fun.  


This is NOT the environments that I thrive in.  


Corporate networking events (where it's a bunch of one-on-one, common purpose conversations back to back), conversations with me and 2 other persons, presentations in front of large audiences, stage performances. 


THIS is my speed.  


For crowds, i don't really think i hate crowds because the crowds themselves are overwhelming, and the noise etc. I just hate having to actually maneuver through them and not really having the space to just do what i want. I also kinda hate clubs because I can't hear myself talk, and if it gets too crowded i can't really move freely either.   


I am usually very optimistic though, so i barely even think about the bad ways people can be perceiving me when i talk. I might be nervous at first, but if i open my mouth and you respond once, that's it... You've unleashed the floodgates, and if i stop talking it's because i legitimately no longer care.  


That's how my extroversion works. Also i love the spotlight and it's pretty great having multiple people admire me (when the admiration feels genuine ofc)  


Hello oj. I am ENTJ.  


Also if you're aware of cognitive functions look at your inferior function. You might be tempted to say Fi, but check out inferior Fi vs inferior Se and i hope that helps you.&gt; Are there different types of extroversion? 


[Yes](http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/09/the-four-different-types-of-extroverts-according-to-jungian-psychology/)  


&gt; Is extroversion on a sliding scale? 


Most definitely, some are more extroverted than others.  


&gt; I can correctly self identify as an ENTJ?  


It doesn't make sense to answer this question. You're an ENTJ, you're gonna do what you want anyway XD&gt; MadMarx5 has told you that MBTI E/I has nothing to do with sociability.

First of all... I never said this, there is a very nuanced difference between my statement and your statement.  


&gt; The I and E in the 4 letter label is NOT about being outgoing friendly and talkative vs being shy quiet and staying at home. It's not about whether you like being around people, or you like being at home. 


Not about it vs nothing to do with it is two separate statements. To me that jump is analogous to me saying poverty is not about being born in Ethiopia and you then saying, "MadMarx said poverty has nothing to do with being born in Ethiopia". Motherfucker... That aint what I said. To requote you quoting Jung...


&gt; introverts **tend** to be "reserved, ... rather shy people,"... while extraverts **tend** to be "open" and "sociable," with "an outgoing, candid, and accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation... 


"Tend to" being the operative words. I agree with you in that regards that there is a high correlation between the characteristics i outlined and MBTI E/I. But those (behavioral aspects) are not THE E/I. What I think is closer to the real E/I Jung and Myers described is the parts where you say....


&gt;  introverts tend to... [have a] a hesitant, reflective, retiring nature that keeps itself to itself, shrinks from objects, is always slightly on the defensive and prefers to hide behind mistrustful scrutiny  


I dislike the word "always" but I think this is the essence of introversion due to the negative energies Jung described in your links.  


&gt; Extraverts tend to... [have an] accommodating nature that adapts easily to a given situation, quickly forms attachments, and ... will often venture forth with ~~careless~~ confidence into ~~unknown~~ situations.  


I just scratched out careless and unknown to account for my ESTJ bretheren lol. This i think is the essence of extraversion. 


I don't agree with ALBoP's theories but i do think [this picture](http://imgur.com/a/tdv6u) does well to capture the essence of E/I (with the understanding that we all look outwards and inwards just some more than others (more nuances etc)). There would be a high correlation between introversion and being outgoing vs shy and indoors, but that's about it. 


**The tl;dr for the above is that I don't think (nor did i say) it has nothing to do with my outlined behaviors/descriptions, just that the behaviors are not the essence of MBTI's I vs E.** 


Agree or disagree I'm open for discussion as long as you are about that/those points.  


Now for this...  


&gt;  MadMarx5... [has] told you that you just can't be an ambivert, darn it, under the MBTI.  

I admit I have implicitly stated this, but that is because of this... 


&gt; The official MBTI test is designed on the operational assumption that people have four preferences, and assigns people a (tentative) type on each dimension.  


My argument here not being that there wouldn't be middleness, but the assumption that you'd have a preference for one over the other. Whether that be a really strong preference or not. (For example 52% extraverted - 48% introverted preference, at that point you are technically a VERY mild extrovert). So for that same tentative type you would be an EXXX. But between reading what you've said and what Jung said, I'll say this. Jung did indeed believe in ambiversion. And though his work is the foundation of MBTI, MBTI (Myers-Briggs expounding upon it) has the dichotomy when it comes to type assignment (and with rigid dichotomies the problems that go with it). So when we're talking about completing this puzzle (Hi I'm MadMarx and I am an XNTJ), as far as I am aware, I'm not officially allowed to put an A in that X's spot (ANTJ best type).  


What I CAN say is that I am an ambiverted ENTJ though. But I'll definitely have to talk to you more on this subject. I'm open to the idea of putting an A on that, but it would defeat the purpose of the typology since as Jung rightfully said, MOST people would end up as AXXX.  


The thing is (which is why i made my original response in the manner that i did) is that not everyone who stumbles into here recognizes that the extrovert-introvert in your MBTI label is not JUST about how often you talk to people. They often take it as "I got tired of talking to people today and wanted to leave? Guess I'm an introvert." And introversion is MUCH deeper than that. Ambiversion is where most of us I and E (MBTI label wise) people fall. It's after all a continuum   


NOW for the great part. You've actually given me a new perspective/insight I haven't been exposed to as yet... which is nice. I also didn't know about the idea that Myers allowed for a split the vote rather than a no preference thing... I thought that was just [16personalities.com's version](https://www.16personalities.com/). The more you know. It was also really cool to see Jung theorize causes of introversion and extroversion. I thank you for bringing this information to me, and i sincerely hope you have not doctored any of this information.  


Again, up to discuss this, I'm willing to change my mind on any stance i have. Feel free to point out where I am making contradictions/false claims etc. I don't want to leave here spouting incorrect information.Tradition is neither inherently good nor bad.So.. I don't want to leak socionics into this [but...](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/quadras/Gamma)  


I think that's at least one thing ENTJs and ESFPs have in common. Either we are the star, we are actually doing something, or we are observers. Regular participant is not a natural option.Don't forget to always smile and that one raunchy joke once everyone is convinced you're completely innocent.Speaking of procrastination Ms. Hamster, have you made any progress on your assignment? XDThe ENTJs never seem to play nice when we play mbti show and tell.  


**I'll break that trend.**   


[Here's a good picture of my face](http://imgur.com/a/9Af30)  


[Here's another one of my favorite pictures](http://imgur.com/a/9AjLk)**[Stern ENTJ stare...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRNAmUOuY3c)**  


Just kidding XD



Thought you might forget, but it's a pointless thing a random stranger on the internet asked you to do for fun, I ain't mad, just amused at this point lol. If it makes you feel better, I too have not tried it out like i said i would (because people thought I was depressed or something so i didn't want to taint the experiment by making people think i was acting out and needed sympathy.) So we've both failed :)   


If you ever remember, and THEN also remember me let me know."Get you somebody that can do both" - Rae Sremmurd&gt; Yes that makes me feel better lol

hmmm  


&gt; I think that everyone should strive to be "more Fi" in 2017. :D



To do list:  


* ~~Be more Fi in 2017~~I just like how good 4 letters are at describing people. 


It's interesting to think about people, to try and explain our mindsets etc.  


Also legitimate or not, there are very notable differences amongst people that claim certain types as opposed to others. Which brings me back to my first and last point...


These 4 letters carry a lot of weight when it goes to describing someone. The number of words I'd need to describe my INFJ friend to someone who doesn't understand MBTI... well... I like people who understand mbti cuz i can just say "she's an INFJ" and say all i need to for you  to get a gist of what she's like.If i could like things, I would like your type :)When the old ENTJs move on and get actual time consuming jobs, new guys who get the label slapped on just come in to replace em.Yeah. That's what we do. See something interesting, see what we can learn from it/get from it, once you're satisfied, on to the next thing. 


Plus even if you come to love the other 20 ENTJs, when you finally ENTJ enough to become busy af, you don't have time for the sub lol. But r/ENTJ is still a nice place (if you're not sensitive af) and I like it. Not dead, but not a flood of circlejerk like the INTX subs.INTPs are cool, but r/INTP isn't.


There's nothing sadder than watching robots come together to cry.How the fuck did a simpleton like you figure that out?I swore we had one of these just like 2 weeks ago lol. I'll post up some other pictures.  


[Here is a picture I had here last time](http://imgur.com/a/9Af30)


[Here is a simple picture of me](http://imgur.com/a/jz6VB)  


[And one not so simple picture](http://imgur.com/a/L43SG)  


ENTJ 8w9  


(I don't know many ENTJs, and I am not close or personal friends with any of them, but outside of conversation they have resting bitch face with slightly downturned eyebrows, which contrasts with their in conversation faces, where they maintain their downturned eyebrows, but start smiling)  


(Also very square jaw, even the Lady ENTJ)I think you've got your answer right here.tfw i know that feel. That's actually why I started going gym, to get a bigger blockier physique to fit my face a little better.Before his (very recent) lore change, he was 100% ENFP... but now he's in that messy INFX area...   

Now... He seems to be heavily Fe in terms of feeling other people's emotions.  


Excerpts from his lore.... 


&gt; As much as Zac was a sentient being, too much stimulus from his environment could sometimes overwhelm his senses and cause him to temporarily absorb the dominant emotions around him, for good or ill.  


.


&gt;  Zac lives alone, dwelling in the tunnels and caverns threading Zaun, and bathing in the emotions of the city's inhabitants. Sometimes this enriches him, but other times it saddens him as he takes on both the good and bad of the city.  


.


&gt; Their thoughts soak into me. It's nice, like a warm bath, though I tend to stretch out pretty thin when things get too hot. There's always a few people in the mix who aren't so happy. After all, life in Zaun can be hard. Some people are nursing broken hearts, while others can't stomach the thought of another shift and feel nothing but seething resentment. I absorb the good and the bad, because that's the way I was made. The bad feelings sometimes make me angry, but there's nothing I can do about that. My parents taught me it's okay to feel bad sometimes. Without the bad you can't properly savor the good. 



It also hints at introversion and has the stereotypical INFJ "People's emotions overwhelm me"/"I have a stupid level of empathy" that is almost enough to seal the deal, but to make sure he wasn't an ISFJ, i had to look for traces of either weak Ne or dom Si, or dom Ni and low Se. The two hints i used to decide Ni &gt; Si in his story are  


&gt; I form my body into something man-shaped as I feel the mixed emotions emanating from the couple behind me. The man looks at me with a mixture of fear and trepidation. His wife smiles at me, though I can feel her tremendous pain. I kneel beside her and she takes my hand. It is soft. I am immediately soothed by her gratitude.  


This is Zac's narrative of his own thoughts. Not a single detail mentioned, barely anything physical. ONE detail that got mentioned was the smile, and in typical Ni &gt; Se fashion *I know* how she feels *despite* what I am seeing  


And the disqualifier for Si... This part comes right after Zac's parents get killed and he in turn kills the people who killed them in a fit of rage  


&gt; When the heightened emotions of battle drained from Zac's consciousness, he was overcome with remorse for the homes he had destroyed, and vowed to continue the good work done by his parents. He helped rebuild what he had destroyed, but as soon as the work was done, he vanished into Zaun's vast network of pipes.


Very little dwelling on the time he and his parents spent, and dwelling on the fact his life just changed dramatically. Just moved on with the usual feeling for those around him and the promise to keep doing good. 


That's why I think Zac is INFJ.For Rengar, I think he lies somewhere in the middle of the E vs I spectrum. I don't think Rengar's "lone wolf" go out alone to carve out territory in the middle of the jungle is because people and objects drain him and interacting with people is tiring and people are stupid. But more of a move for independence and searching for new and greater challenges (like Wukong).  


I get a sense of optimism and confidence I'd  expect from an ESTP, an ISTP's confidence is usually derived from actually mastering something, rather than just being raw confidence. Also Rengar seems to be a little too tuned to emotions to be ISTP, speaking not as much about mastering the art of the hunt, but more about enjoying it and instilling fear into the enemy.  


.


As for Zac, I think Zac = ESTP is a stereotype because he's a weapon (just a weapon right? therefore he must be a sensor, cuz he cant think and see concepts. He must think cuz no emotions. and must perceive cuz he don't plan, he just does cuz he's a weapon). A good look into his old lore would have told you if anything he is a feeler. EXXP would be the way his old lore would have made him look. but NF justice fit better than the SF happiness focus. I orignially typed him ENFP.... But as for the current INFJ typing? look at my response to /u/isaxusI don't wanna pull the "different people of different types"  


My favorite ENTJ is a customer i always have to deal with. He says mean things, but he is a really nice guy. He's old, polite and always looking to strike up significant conversation. Serious yet jolly.  


The lady ENTJ is my verification officer (responsible for making sure me and my colleagues don't fuck up). Even when we fuck up, she doesn't get mad and come down on us, she's just like "Fix this and make sure this doesn't happen again" plus advice on how to fix it and reasons why we shouldn't let it happen. Smiles often-ish, even though her go to face is resting bitch face. She definitely rubs most people the wrong way though with her directness and passionate honesty? (I've heard complaints that she does it, never explanations or reasons why others don't like her). It's to the point where one of the ESFJs at work don't want her around her kids, cuz he's "picking up her bad attitude").  


But like the thing to note about ENTJs is that we're human (and extroverted humans to boot). It's nice to have company, almost necessary to have others help us with our typically LARGE fantasies we're trying to execute. The contradictory result that I find typical is "friendly and kind, yet abrasive".   


tl;dr depends on the ENTJ and what you define "mean" as. I'll say we won't be nice for being nice sake though.. well... most of us :)The question I would have to ask is... Why not?Intriguing. Why would you say that?Wukong was a tough one to pin down, primarily because he doesn't have much in his lore about who he is, how he thinks or why he does stuff.   
Firstly, it was almost obvious from the get-go that Wukong is NOT an introvert.  
Secondly, I locked down EXXP. The focus on self and the present (and near future) seems to be evident. 


&gt;  Kong was driven by an unquenchable desire for greatness. He sought out every beast and monster the Plague Jungles could offer, eager to find a worthy opponent, but none offered the challenge he craved.  


Compare that to the typical EXXJ approach to either create something, control something, or gain a title rather than just unproveably improve oneself.  


There's also the lack of hesitation that I wouldn't expect from an introvert or a judger.  


&gt; He asked the sage for advice, and learned about a legend of hairless monkeys to the north who, with wits and might, had bent the world to their will.  
Kong left, journeying north, determined to discover if the legend was true.  


So EXXP. The middle letters are tough, because I can make a (solid) case for all. ESTP and ENFP seemed the most likely though. So i had to go to the League Judgements to see how he Perceives and thinks. I came across... 


&gt; Wukong was still unaccustomed to the confining structures that humans liked to build around themselves. He could understand the need for shelter, but in a place where man's society dominated the landscape, there weren't many dangers left. Master Yi had explained the concept of "privacy" to him at length (mainly because Wukong's prying curiosity apparently often violated it), but he still didn't quite understand why people would willingly spend so much time cut off from the world around them. Did they not enjoy the sun on their skin? Or the scents carried on the wind? Maybe it's just a fur thing, he mused.  


&gt; In the Plague Jungles, Wukong would spend nights on the highest bough of the tallest tree, drifting asleep to the melody of thousands of creatures serenading the starlight. Despite all the wonders man had achieved, nothing had quite the same simple elegance. It seemed the nature of people was to seek out and foster complications in their lives until even the most fundamental behaviors came with guidelines and instructions: table manners, bathroom etiquette, courting rituals, rules of engagement. To breach any rule was to invite further complications. It was exhausting and often pointless.  


&gt; However, for all the quirks that humans had, they were truly remarkable, and their warriors presented Wukong with challenges he couldn't find in the Plague Jungles – challenges he once worried might not exist. He recalled the feeling of desperation that day, right after his bout with the sea dragon, when his every goal had been realized, every opponent defeated. His frantic ambition gave him drive and purpose, but consumed him when deprived an outlet. Like him, it was a product of the Plague Jungles, where uneven concentrations of magic and life would well up until they burst – evolution in overdrive.


&gt; The nearby crunch of a crushed leaf jarred him from his thoughts  


This is Wukong's mind upon just entering the Great Hall for his judgement. I think an Se dom would be a bit more focused, analyzing his surroundings and not in his head so much so that it takes a sharp sound to snap him out of it. So it becomes F vs T still...


What caught me was for all of his recklessness, reactionary style of interacting with the world, he speaks about goals, tasks, targets. Even though they aren't his primary focus. For an ENTP I would expect that they might set goals, but they'd mainly be for the purpose of understanding or fun.  


Also in Master Yi's lore, Wukong comes off as very ENFP-ish. Which is also interesting because of the idea that ENFP - INTJ is a good match. Seems to be working for them.I'd do DotA, but one non-real life impacting list is enough for me, get an INTP to do it.  


Thanks for noticing the effort though mate.I actually play and respect both games, but that was a nice burn.  


If you love those 4 letters so much, go make your own f@#king list!That is the toughest decision to make!


I say save the comrades  


*pulls lever*  


With my now more loyal comrades we could always seize so many other bourgeoisie's means of production.I'll still answer. (since there is a reason i put ISTP in brackets). 


Kha'zix i don't think really uses Fi and Fe. He plays out like an animal that has one purpose, and instinctually acts upon it. Not the moving parts of desires, fears and consideration humans do. 


Being said, The way his story plays out resembles an ISTP. Not necessarily looking to satisfy his Se desires, but uses Ti-Se to understand his envirnoment and thus selectively hunts the strong, (unlike rengar who is more about the thrill of the hunt and is less focused on learning and understanding). He's not a real ISTP (No Fe, weak Ni, for all we know Kha'zix may not actually even think independently) But it's pretty much the closest type to him. Analyzing his environment, breaking things apart (consuming them) to learn, and hunting in isolation against isolated targets.  


*Maybe introversion can explain his in game mechanics. One on one he's fine and Q to his hearts content, but when there's too many enemies around he gets shy* 


(That last bit was a joke son... remember that)Pre rework/lore rewrite Warwick or old warwick? 


Old warwick wasn't a lone wolf by any means. He enrolled the help of a group of people plus Singed to take down Soraka and become the wolf man he was. He also had much grander desires than just looking for food. He kept on trying to meet the demands of people around him. Whether that was out of pride, in sight of the money, or really just to become "greater", old warwick was clearly influenced by the outside world in an EXXP way. We sorta already agree he is an STP, so that's cool. But I think an ISTP in his position would have responded to increasing and impossible demands by saying "i've had enough, leave me alone" and going off on his own path.   


Old warwick doesn't have many quotes either to say much about his communication style. I suppose you can stereotype ISTP based on that, but his lines don't really speak to analysis/caution/anxiety, nor do they speak to (sensory)exploration/boldness/confidence enough to claim E vs I there, so I gotta rely on his lore. (I must point out it is old warwick i typed as ESTP, I was hoping more in depth/first person narrative lore would have been out by now)


.


Now post update Warwick doesn't have much lore regarding to his actual actions or thoughts (same problem Twitch had), BUT his quotes do seem ISTPish. Perhaps.I think you're on the right track with your explanation. Thanks for the feeback btw. Now as for how i went about typing Tryndamere...


Tryndamere was a bit tough simply because he didn't have much lore. Tbh in typing him i played around with all the ESXX variants. He was guaranteed to be extrovert after the first read through. Didn't get much Ne or Ni from his story/quotes either. So I asked, what would an ESXX do in his position. The only people that stayed to fight when death became certain were the ESTP, ESTJ and ESFJ. (I think we can agree Tryndamere isn't an ESFJ). The catch though was the reasoning behind it, and the follow up. I think most ESTPs would try to escape, but the few who do would probably be the ones who saw no way to escape and didn't wanna die like a bitch, or the ones who saw Aatrox and the enemies as the ultimate challenge.  


What made me originally think Te dom is this... 


&gt; Tryndamere's tribe was overrun within moments. With no hope of defeating the enigmatic being, Tryndamere threw himself at certain death.  


It feels like Tryndamere did it because it was what he was supposed to do, and without hesitation. No time for fear, concern, worrying etc.  


What solidifies the ESTJ from the ENTJ here is that march into assured death. The difference between 3rd Ne and 4th Fi vs 3rd Se and 4th Fi. Having 3rd Se and 4th Fi. 


An ENTJ would see the objective results of his plan and have a value judgement based on that (aka if i go there I will die) thus make his plan of action around that (aka get away and scheme a way to get back at Aatrox for what he is doing to my tribe. An ENTJ however might go into what seems to be certain death if he thinks he can find a way, and as relatively optimistic people, I can easily see one charging in thinking "I'll find a way to beat this guy, there must be a way".


An ESTJ would see the results and situation a bit more conceptually.  He wouldn't see "I am going to die", but "a warrior is going to abandon his tribe". The Fi places a value on that (huh, traitor and coward? I think not) and immediately spurs a need for a solution/action (Attack and fulfill my purpose as a warrior for my tribe).  


Not much Si in his new lore, but he did take very immediate and practical steps to become strong enough to take on Aatrox, so that would seem pretty Te-Si imo. Also his older lore shows him "learning the ways of the barbarian warrior". Making other people's experiences their own is one of the ESTJs strengths (which then due to their Pi guide through Si and non-negotiable, difficult to access Fi makes them pretty great at adopting/enforcing traditions once those traditions and practices makes sense) and it would seem Tryndamere did just that.  


Pretty tough call still because ESTP isn't disqualified.. but his few quotes also seem very Te dom. 


&gt; "As you wish."  


&gt; "Into battle."


&gt; "Follow my blade!"


&gt;  "Now they die!"



It's as though he is addressing his army, directing them and attempting to inspire them to action.I think anyone who makes a large sweeping statement like "ESFJs are shallow small-talkers" (especially about at least about 10% of human population) is an idiot. They probably go about typing shallow small-talkers as ESFJ rather than typing ESFJs and THEN seeing if they're shallow small talkers.  


That being said, I don't think ESFJs are "shallow" per say. Most ESFJs I know don't just care about what is on the outside (Though things like appearances and surface level details are somewhat important to them), but really getting to know people, understand their stories, and helping them feel the way you want them to feel (which thankfully is usually happy), mostly trying to ensure that whatever is going on, to the extent of your own power, attempting to ensure harmony, and not really keeping any emotions hidden. Likes discussing things and ideas, though with all the playful talk y'all seem to like, y'all don't go "deep" like Ni deep. However the small talk thing... I'm not gonna argue against it. Cuz MAAAAN do you guys fucking love small talk.  


I even theorized once that the reason small talk exists is because ESFJs exist and the rest of humanity just sorta adopted small talk to accomodate you lot. Of course I don't actually believe that, but if it turned out to be true... I wouldn't be too surprised.  


I think the real problem on this subreddit is that there are no ESFJs here. The few that are around here stay silent and just lurk (or are mistyped as ENFJs amirite guys?). There's no one here setting the story straight, giving people the other side of the story, existing as proof that ESFJs aren't always (or even just only) shallow, bossy, emotional, tradition-hungry, afraid of change gossipers who only exist to either be one of the "sheeple" that keeps the capitalist machine running, or the more manipulative and mean spirited ones who should just go to hell. 


I made a post about the lack of ESFJs here and replied to almost all the ESFJs that showed up. Stick around and contribute. The ISXJs are doing a decent job (don't they always do decent jobs?) of helping clear the air between stereotype and reality/actual functions. Granted, as an ESXJ you would probably be rather achieving something more irl related than trying to steer some redditors right, but you could always participate more mate, be one of the instruments of change you want to see in this (albeit irrelevant because this is like maybe 200 people on reddit, but still very much people that actually exist here, so not 100% irrelevant) world.-&gt;talk  


-&gt;INTJ



Boy you're more ambitious than I am.  


. 



Jokes aside that's pretty cool mate. I support your motivation, but I'm asking you to participate more here for both selfish reasons (I would like to understand ESFJs a little better) and selfless reasons (It would help you achieve your goal of talking to and eventually understanding INTJs. It would also as mentioned before, be helpful to have a real ESFJ be here so people could get an example of what an ESFJ actually is, rather than just going by their interpretation of functions and stereotypes alone.) (Trust me EXXJ stereotypes aren't good unless you're an ENFJ, then you're the perfect human being)m8... pls... lolWhat do you normally test as?That's actually impressive. This my sound weird, but... ever considered ISTJ?  


Do you have any ISTJ friends to compare yourself to?  


Also if you know any ENFJs, how do you feel/think about them?  


I ask because while I kinda doubt you're ISTJ, I also kinda think answering those questions might provide a decent perspective.Could be a real INTJ. I just really find myself mind boggled by how you test F &gt; T . P &gt; J is pretty easy... but F &gt; T? if you were an INTJ.   


You could also just be... you know... an INFP that isn't a complete MPDG? They exist you know. I know 2 of them.I was hoping it would have been easier, but i haven't seen/heard F types reason for answering F questions. 


Barely anyone is untypeable. You sound INXJish. Maybe have confirmed INFPs review your reasonings for answering these questions. I'm going to go with INTJ, since you sound like you have Ni problems but your original post + some of your responses reminds me of my ISTJ friend. 


You might still be an INFP. All the INFPs i talk to online hate r/INFP for many of the reasons you've stated.Best[m8......](http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/but-why.gif)  


* Why are the plates so helter-skelter and all over the place?  


* Why are they facing so many random directions?  


* How exactly does that machine work?  


* I find myself more urked that the 2 glasses are in 2 different places than i should be  


* Do those utensil holder things HAVE to be where they are?  


* Is that INFP even trying?  


* It ain't even that much dishes, why the fuck he gotta play jenga with the motherfucker...  


* [Look at this](http://www.awesomelyluvvie.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/LookAtThis.gif)  


* [Somebody come look at this](https://media.giphy.com/media/MhXrYz6uIICnS/giphy.gif) This is a follow up to [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5oe7sl/me_entj_gonna_roast_the_shit_out_of_an_infp_how/)  


Granted this follow up post could be worded better but i think he means "When i said *this* infp put the dishes in the machine in a retarded way....this is what i meant".  


This person being INFP was relevant information at the time (and now so that we know what he's following up on) because the main point was "please help me not kill this INFP with my words"I can handle a lazily-organized anything, but this current form of lazy organization makes the dish tub able to hold less dishes. That's why I'm like "but why?". "The headache saved &lt; The headache gained" in this regard.  


As for the 3 ~~random~~, slow-loading webpages for my gifs. I've edited them. Thank you for your critique motherfucker.I was about to say I know an INFP who is a lot like you described yourself. She's a welder, and she's as scary as an ESTJ. But she's an INFP.   



But those scores are INTJ AFI'm curious what the relationship dynamic you two have is like.Your story has touched my heart. Congratulations.  


That being said, I think theoretically your relationship would be similar... but not that similar. I think it would be harder for you two than it was for your parents, but the connection might be "deeper". 


For the most part, ESFJs are naturally team players. Might be pushy, but for the most part quite accomodating and will change their approach and their actions to suit the needs of the team. 


ENTJs are natural team leaders and would try to ensure that what's going on is best for the team and would put their personal feelings and complaints aside for the recognition of their big picture.  


Best for the team being important words here. They'd more voluntarily accommodate for each other than our introverted counterparts (aka you and your lover). Also if and when things got good, both might end up "busy" like ExxJs do, which means less chances for conflict and both just use their downtime to support each other (but there is still plenty of room for SF vs NT conflict there).   


IxxJs tend to be more independent, going along a course of action they think is right/appropriate. Less desire to accommodate, and less need for other people to be on board with you. More focus on the self than extroverted counterparts. Theoretically we're talking about a stronger emotional bond (aux Fe is INTENSE, and INTJs actually have okay access to Fi), not to mention you'd probably be involved with less activities and less people than your ExxJ counterparts. 


So the value of your relationship bond is greater, especially since it's harder to form that bond than it is for an extrovert. You'd also (ironically) spend more time together. The bond probably also means more to the two of you due to the scarcity of bonds you have. It means that there is much more scrutiny to the already clash-prone SF-NT bond, with two relatively (compared to the ExxJ parties) independent persons. If it works out however, It should be one that stands the test of time.  


This is just my theory. Realistically, you guys been together for 3 years and you say you guys have been seeing improvements in your relationship. Assuming nothing extraordinary happens, you're in good standing.You are an intuitive, that's why you don't notice that in real life, the sensors around you notice patterns everyday.The need to be "comfortable" with the people you're interacting with before you can interact with them. Seems really counter-intuitive to me. Like... If you don't know someone.... then how can you know if you're going to be comfortable with them or not? 


I guess it doesn't matter since introverts treat people like chores more than opportunities anyways. (And considering people "drain" you, I don't blame you i guess)&gt; First off, stop stereotyping us. Not all introverted types are the same and even same types are different. I feel offended by that tbh  


Well I'm sorry if i offended you. It was a broad statement, obviously there will be outliers etc....  


&gt; Extroverts and introverts, what is something that is common among the opposite that **you hear about** all the time, but can't relate to at all?  


This is my answer to the question (Which fyi, almost any answer would lead to having outliers since as you said, everyone is different, even persons of the same type). But even from the INTPs I know I've heard this. I've seen only one INTP not conform to the "comfort rule" once and that's because he was trying to get his current friends to not be boring, reasoning that we should try something new in a while and that if we wanted to party we might have to go with people we're not so comfortable with.  


I don't think it's *shyness* either for some types. (Something I noticed IXTXs seem to have in common), but a more raw dislike for interacting with strangers or a hatred of people. My ISTJ friend also comes to mind fitting your description. No problem doing stupid shit or talking in public (i wouldn't say he doesn't give a fuck though, he's just confident enough that he doesn't think he has to give a fuck)... But in the end of the day people are a chore to him.  


But back to INTPs for a bit. In my experience, INTPs are logic machines before they are anything else (including introverted). So despite their default "to themselves" demeanor, if placed in a position where they think it makes more sense to "turn off introvert mode" they'll do it (if they know how to ofc, different INTPs have different competency in this regard). They can also talk forever if the parties involved are just making dark jokes, discussion about theories and facts, or analysis of something (even if it's people's personality/demeanor/motives etc.)... &gt; Why is an **ENTJ leading** an iNtuitive-roasting session... 


Sorry. Habit.I'll give ESTJs this... Contrary to popular belief ESTJs require less facts to change their opinion. If you point to enough things, the ESTJ will realize that maybe he/she is wrong (they may not admit it depending on how important their control/your compliance is, and how likely you are to question them later).  


If an ENTJ is convinced, HE/SHE IS CONVINCED. You point to facts, they'll acknowledge those facts, but then they've already got this theory/trend in their heads and in their heads they'll be like "mere outliers, my idea is still right".  It happens. Has it's pros, has it's cons.  


¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯Which one?&gt; OP shouldn't have compared sensors to intuitives imo. 


I suppose. Only did that because that's what some intuitives do. They go "Sensors so dumb, can't see patters, all they know is what's in front of them... unlike us, we actually see patterns and trends... so smart." etc.  


This is partially to be funny, partially poking fun at people that do that kinda thing, and partially to remind people that the moment they chose N as a label, that contract came with life impacting weaknesses too.&gt; What if I told you that the world doesn't care how useful or efficient you are  


If the world didn't care, then why does the world keep giving us money?  


But if I am being real though, I appreciate ENTP kind. I believe happiness should be everyone's ultimate goal. If jokes, banter, discussion about the European Crisis and *dank science memes* are what makes you happier than anything, I respect you for doing so.  


... Being said I don't think not accomplishing things needs to be an ENTP thing. 


Accomplishing things. 


Having fun.  


*Why not both?*More like. There's no need to roast you guys. r/INFP does a good job of that by itself. All I'd end up adding to the constant roasts you guys get is insensitivity. What does it usually take for you to warm up to strangers?Here I was. About to post an analogy for the functions, and you beat me to it. And with *such* precision too. Clearly you are greater than me henryscepter.&gt; What are your thoughts on the "INFJ Door Slam"?  


Can we please stop talking about this "INFJ Door Slam" thing or I am going to "ENTJ Door Slam" all of yall.Cool. Then my next question is, what are mistakes strangers often make when trying to interact with/connect with you and what should they do instead?Thanks for the responses mate.squeezing 4 dichotomies into 3 points... you gonna get problems.

&gt; Sigh. You are not always right. 


One of us is wrong here, and it certainly isn't me.Now that everyone is gone. I just wanna say that I appreciate you guys. 


/u/SlyFoxe and /u/ambrosialAmnesia . This reply chain was lovely.I'll do a better job next time I guess, but except for the attention thing, forgetfulness, mood swings and anxiety, do you *really* care about the other things?  


Also the ENFPs I know aren't really flaky (somehow), fake, BARELY manipulative, and show no signs of anxiety, and are the kings of turning what I think should be social awkwardness into ice breakers and being true social butterflies. 


I think your ENFPs are just smart because you are smart and people generally try to interact with people who are similar to them (including level of intelligence). Most ENFPs I know fall in the "may have had potential/able to learn some strange skill, but repeatedly makes bad decisions like an idiot" box, so i drew from that sample for the inaccurate but mean generalization type satire this post is supposed to be about.  


Ima take notes for the next time I bash ENFPs, just in case I need to though. :)First you disrespect me with your biased perspective. Then you try that Fe manipulation tactics on me. Hmph...


You're lucky I'm in a good mood.


/srs &lt;3[Hopefully this is good enough. Although the SFs got away](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5qrodk/roasting_yall_thinkers/)For those not up to date with the standings for this week so far:  


NT: 2  
NF: 1  
ST: 1  
SF: 0 


2 roasts in one weak boys and girls.First off, I am aware that any individual of any type can have any level of intelligence. I wanna make it clear that I do not think if someone is an ENFP that they're gonna be stupid, nor do i find stupid people and go "ahh, must be ENFP".  


I do not personally believe F = stupid, and I CERTAINLY don't believe T = smart. (I'm also not saying I'm inherently smarter than most ENFPs because of my type too, I think I'm actually kinda dumb tbh).  


&gt; http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/1073191196003003004


I appreciate that study (makes sense N types would perform better on intelligence measurement tests, since IQ tests tend to be pattern/theory related). I am slightly urked by the fact that the results were homogenized rather than showing us the individual type's results. Because even assuming that my original joke was right (i.e. the other N types are being smarter for them), you could still easily get that only N is meaningfully correlated with intelligence result, because that one outlier wouldn't be enough to cause a statistically significant result when you group them with all the N types. 


I was hoping your second link would have proven you right, but alas, you've interpreted it badly. The reason more ENFPs scored high on the test than ENTJs is because 3,864 ENFPs took the test, and only 1182 ENTJs took it. The ratios are where it's at. 


* High/low ratio. ENTJs scored 2.10 vs ENFP's 1.33.  
* High/med ratio. ENTJs scored 1.42 vs ENFP's 1.08	
* Perfect score ratio. ENTJs score perfect 0.4% of the time vs ENFP's 0.2%


Regardless of how you crank the math, or what ratios you use, ENTJs proportionally did better. In fact, proportionally speaking, ENFPs scored 9th out of 16 types. (ENFPs share the middle spot with INFJs here)  


All this data doesn't mean that you and your ENFP friends are any less intelligent, or less ENFP than before, nor does it make my ENFP acquaintances any smarter or more ENFP than they are either. 


Feel free to bring generalizations and anecdotal evidence to a satire post, but when you start bringing research results and sources with references, the gloves are off mate ;)^ 

and also LOL?How "aware" of your environment would you say you actually are? It seems to be one of the big advantages of being ESTP people claim all the time.I don't understand. Is foofoononishoe the ENTJ or me?  


If this was a joke sorry it flew over my head.  


If this wasn't a joke, please clarify.You sound like [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/2f9orq/socionicsmbti_descriptions_by_functions_entj/).[This is you right now.](http://imgur.com/a/7Nw5l)  


[This is me.](http://imgur.com/a/r2UuQ)Te doesn't mean leading for leading sake. You can be a Te dom and not lead (and even fear leadership positions if you deem yourself incompetent). 


&gt;  Or is it impossible to be an ESTJ if you don't have natural leadership abilities / desires?  


Improbable, not impossible. Te usually gives you qualities that would make you a decent leader. Thinking, planning, organizing, efficiency etc, goal setting, target reaching etc... Generally good traits to have when you're in charge. So generally we do good in said positions, and generally *someone* sends you praises, or you just feel accomplished because of the outcome. It feels good. That's partially why some of us chase leadership positions (some of us also fear being controlled and some of us don't trust other people with the leadership role).  


&gt; I'm not as blunt / direct as most ESTJs 


Could be my insensitivity, but I don't find ESTJs being *THAT* direct and blunt most of the time (ISTJs on the other hand...), I think it's the extroversion. Burning bridges ain't good for keeping company, and very few like bluntness (even some of your bluntest TJs will hate you and distance themselves). In my experience they become "as blunt as most ESTJs" when they have the responsibility to ensure someone else completes a task.   


***Te... As blunt as needed~*** 


*^anger ^and ^impatience ^may ^cause ^unwanted ^increases ^in ^bluntness ^. ^Listener's ^discretion ^is ^advised*


Also I'd like some examples where you COULD have gone for the leadership role, and WHY you chose not to (and how you thought about the situation when making the decision).&gt; I always read about how ESTJs love being leaders, and have yet to meet one who doesn't usually step up and take charge unless necessary or unless no one else wants the position.  


Those are the obvious ESTJs. See if you can find anyone else that reminds you of yourself.  


&gt; My reason for chasing leadership positions is for praise, more self-confidence, and not trusting others with the role. Do you think the different reasons have to do with other personality factors such as your enneagram?  


A bit. There's also the Te natural tendencies &gt; you usually do well in a leadership position &gt; you tend to get praise and validation when you're good at something and people benefit from it &gt; most people like praise, admiration, validation etc. So that motivation is particularly common. But yeah, an ESTJ 8 would avoid being controlled and a position where he/she is not the one in power because "who knows who could harm me?". ESTJ 3 would do it for the admiration and validation. An ESTJ 9 would do it to keep the peace. But most forms of ESTJness would lead you away from the bottom and in to the leadership position if you had a choice. That's where it's easiest to exercise Te from. 


&gt; Do you find them more blunt than ESTJs? 


As a rule of thumb? yes. I blame it on the introversion. Less need for people = less need for people to like them = higher capacity for bluntness. Granted most I know are somewhat polite or at least respectful, but they're the pinnacle of bluntness.  


And yeah I can easily see an ESTJ doing the things you stated. 


&gt; My thinking process in every case involving a leadership role is: 1. If I'm leading the group and get great results, I'll receive praise and people will think I'm extremely smart, good at what I do, and/or a really skilled leader.  


Granted I made this point first and *maybe* that's why you put it first, but I'm guessing that one is your highest priority (which would fit the ESTJ 3 description really well). It also hints at extroversion instead of introversion which is also cool.  


You had your inf locked down a while back (Fi), I'm seeing signs of extroversion in your thinking process, At this point, I think you've solidly gotten your answer. &gt; So if I'm understanding correctly, most ESTJs if given the choice would want to be in the leadership position, but for different reasons depending on what their enneagram is and etc. Correct me if I'm wrong. 


Yes. That plus people like doing what they're good at. 


&gt; Can you elaborate on where you saw this? Although I've briefly read about them, I don't have much knowledge about inferior functions.   


[You're supposed to be the Si user here, not me... you told me this here lol](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5nuluw/estj_or_istj/dceiisy/?context=3)  



.


P.S. Sorry for not responding.No problem behby &lt;3What system?I ruin fun hypotheticals with practical thinking. 


&gt; Person: "Could you just imagine if we had dinosaurs in space? That'd be awesome!" 


&gt; Me: "If we had dinosaurs in space, they'd need equipment to survive, and more importantly, we'd have to ensure that our satellites are secured. The last thing I want them doing is fucking with my internet."    ur mom is an estjIt doesn't matter if something requests the use of Te. Te happens.&gt; Instrumental rationality: "Social action, like all action, may be...: (1) instrumentally rational...that is, determined by expectations as to the behavior of objects in the environment and of other human beings; these expectations are used as 'conditions' or 'means' for the attainment of the actor's own rationally pursued and calculated ends..."


I can fuck with this. 


Also ethical hedonism. Excellent link. Except for not giving in to technological distractions and a bit of the peer pressure bit, that's me in a nutshell.1. How organized are you compared to most people and other ENTJs?  


2. How do you find your enneagram 1 fear materializing and how do you deal with it?  


3. How big is your circle of friends? How close are they? And if you can guess/know... What's their MBTI type (and ennegram if you can)  


4. Do you work alone/own your own thing? are you a part of a company? Still a student? Just mooch off of your parents? Regardless of your answer, what's that like for you?  


5. Do you know any ENTJ 8w9 irl? If so what's the dynamic?  


6. Anything you'd consider signs that someone is a ENTJ 1?  


7. Of all your accomplishments, assets, persons and such in your life what are you most proud of? 


8. If you could have one wish granted (In an unironic way)... What would that wish be?  


9. How does that 2 wing work with inferior Fi? O.o&gt; I have many GREAT/WONDERFUL ideas   


Talk to any NTJ and they'll tell you the same thing. 


&gt; Build a wall!!!  


Either a slogan he made to bolster his power, or (as it would seem based on the fact he's actually trying to start it) one of the best examples of inferior Ni ever. Grandiose vision, no real show or idea of why/how it would work, no idea how to get there, just "Build a wall, Mexico will pay for it, We're big we can get them to do it somehow i think" 


&gt; "Make America Great Again!"  


This is just a fucking slogan. Even so, I've seen a confirmed tested and verified ENTP hardcore trump supporter   
^and ^they ^actually ^tend ^to ^want ^NEW ^things ^and ^reject ^the ^safe ^tried ^and ^true ^past  


&gt; "Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut"  


Almost sounded more Si with the learning from experience thing, but the entire phrase is virtually the STP approach to life.  


&gt; "The 1990's sure aren't like the 1980's." 


They aren't.To the other ESFJs out here on reddit who might not like/agree with the descriptions out there. The ones that don't like the stereotypes out here. Those who have fallen prey to the intuitive bias.  


What would you say to them? What do you think ACTUALLY describes ESFJs in general beyond the basic stereotypes?My personal questions.  


1. Do you by chance know of enneagram? If so which one do you identify as?


2. How big is your circle of friends? How close are they? And if you can guess/know... What's their MBTI type (and ennegram if you can)


3. As you are an XSXJ I'm almost obligated to ask you this... Change... Love it, hate it, indifferent? What sort of changes make you anxious? What things bore you when they stay the same too long?


4. Do you like small talk? If so why? I read from an ESFJ here that they wanted to "connect with people".... What does that mean to you? (assuming all of this is true) 


5. (Depends on the ESFJ is the correct answer, but if you can give me a more useful one, that'd be great), How can I establish a close friendship with an ESFJ and how will I be able to tell if I'm considered more than just another person? I ask because the Fe is strong in y'all types (in my experience) so it's difficult to differentiate between friends and routine Fe behavior


6. Do you know any ENTJ 8w9 irl? If so what's the dynamic?


7. Would you consider yourself attractive? What about sexual orientation? Regardless of your answer, what do you look for in a potential SO? What's your strategy for acquiring SOs in general?  


8. Are there any traditions you actually adhere to? If so why? Are there any traditions you reject? (Speaking about traditions in your group, not those by some opposing ideologies/teams/&lt;insert other identifiers here&gt;) 


9. Of all your accomplishments, assets, persons and such in your life what are you most proud of? 


10. What do you consider "fun"?


11. If you could have one wish granted (In an unironic way)... What would that wish be?


12. Okay.... Why are you HERE all the time? on THIS sub? And consequently I must ask... Why don't you post/respond/comment often?**Stereotypes include (but are not limited to)...**  


Bossy, pushy, naggy, smother-y, fake, not genuine, stubborn, unwilling to change, gossipy, irrational, "sheeple", manipulative, only care about social status, ENFJs with less insight and no agenda. 


*You also inherit some S type stereotypes*  
Can't see patterns, only sticks with what they know, unimaginative, not smart, can't brainstorm, Good for working (not for thinking), only interested in the now and not the future  


*And you also get some XSXJ stereotypes too!*  
Stubborn, traditional, doesn't like change, hardworking, stuck in the past, basic, only considers what has proven to work, not open to new ideas, needs a guideline for everything, doesn't think about the future, doesn't try to read between the lines, doesn't try to understand the meaning behind things, can't understand a perspective that isn't your own, boring, Guaranteed to be seen doing the same thing you were 20 years ago because "it's what you do". Agreed, which brings me back to my first question.  


&gt; What would you say to them? First off. I second u/mirrorconspiracies statement. You sound cute af.  


Now on to the matter at hand.  


&gt; Phew I hope that answered them all :)  


Almost satisfactory. You've done a good job and I've enjoyed reading your responses. I'll go point by point  


1. Gonna go out on a limb and assume you're 2w3, or 3w2. Save yourself the testing and check those two types out, see which ones fit better for you. If you disagree you can go search more things.  


2. Unsatisfactory answer. ENTJ best friend, ISTJ husband. That's cool (a lot of J in your life I see), That's cool, but what about your other friends?  


3. Good answer, can you supplement this hate of change with examples? it should be easier for you than me what with the Si and whatnot lol  


4. Also a good answer. (If it helps, do remember I'm a human reading this and internalizing this, gaining some form of joy/interest in your responses). Okay but, I still don't understand what this ESFJ connecting through small talk means. At what point would you say you've "connected" and at what point would you say that you "didn't connect"?. I ask this because as an EXXX I am interested in the people around me, and ESFJs try to connect with me all the time, but I can tell my responses are not the ones they're looking for.  


5. "Sure, not a problem" :) . Is the response I imagined to your hypothetical. Good answer. Though I was hoping for something that would help me find that proof of closer connection lol  


6. Perfect answer (Granted I doubt he has 9 in him, he's probably your standard 8w7 ENTJ) and also  
*"He took me under his wing in college bc I didn't know what I wanted to do or where to look for jobs I was so lost."*    
Maybe I'm different but that sounds like ENTJ candy if you have the will (and ability) to do something. It's like a blank canvas that has the potential to be the greatest teammate, or at least a good subordinate. Willing to speak more about this dynamic if you are (more proof that I'm an interactable human being and not a Verdana font program).  


7. I haven't seen enough wrestling to know who Roman Reigns is, but this is also a beautiful answer.  


8. First off, should have put this earlier in response to the point where you brought up your ISTJ husband, but I don't feel like going back there... ISTJ man and ESFJ woman. #Stereotypical American Family. Bet you're planning to have 2 kids. Anyway, I find it amusing that two XSXJs have come together and neither really has "traditions" to adhere to? You're bringing the joy of repetitive joy to the N type instead LOL. It's cool. Also maybe he's cool with it, but "Best friend weekend" sounds soooo lame. The ACTUAL idea is great though, consider renaming it to something more ENTJ friendly, like "Necessary and scheduled team down time", or something i didn't just spend 2 minutes coming up with.  


9. I'm jealous.  


10. ~~karaoke~~ , ~~trashy reality tv~~, costume parties, road trips, ~~musicals~~ , **~~shopping~~** , ~~playing with people's pet~~ . Could we still be friends? lol  


11. To answer your rhetorical question, that sound draining AF. Though I wouldn't mind it. Realistically it's hard to get that many people genuinely interested though. #SometimesRealityIsSad . Cool wish though, very ESFJ of you lol.  


12. Well I've tried with 2 or 3 ESFJs before, and real life beats reddit, still it's cool if you stick around. Also a very good answer 


Overall I give your answers a rating of 88% (you lost marks for not including your close friend's MBTI (or disclaimer claiming you don't know what they are) in your answer for #2. I didn't include anything relating to enneagram in your scoring since, well... You don't know it :-] )  


Feel free to respond or inbox or whatever you wanna do.Hey. She asked a question. I gave her an answer. Tch. But maybe i should have included the group mom stereotype. It doesn't sound bad.The why and how are missing from many of these answers. You sound like some kinda ambiverted NTJ. Going with INTJ that isn't very introverted. To be honest thinking about it, you do sound like my INTJ friend.Do a survey in prisons. Say it's for a "school project" or something. 


When the answer you get is ESTJ, come back and I'll accept your emperical evidenceINFP -&gt; INTJ -&gt; ISTJ. 


You've been on a wild ride huh.What part of "get me empirical evidence that the answer is ESTJ" do you not understand?The hostage.  


**Assailant**


I can't see myself sticking around long enough to need hostages. Can't trust the police. Can't trust the negotiator. Even these hostages got guns and martial arts skills.  


**Negotiator**


Can't see myself as the negotiator either. I'm not big on listening to demands. also I *try* to be compassionate and all those other skills needed to get the assailant to feel bad, give up and not bother to get the helicopter and $500,000.00 he's asking for, but I'll probably fuck it up with something like "You must be mad if you think I have five hundred fucking thousand dollars to give you. Just come out now!", or some outburst.  


**Hostage**


Hostage is easy. All you gotta do is rob the bank (i work at a bank more or less). I'm always at work. Rarely miss a day too.What makes it better is that the inverse is often true irl.Sounds about right.I keep hearing about these circle jerks and elitism etc, but then i barely see it here, or on the subreddits (excluding r/INTJ to a point). 


I think that the circlejerk that does exist is just what humans normally do when they are in a group they like. "I love this group". I'm glad to be an ENTJ. I'm glad other ENTJs can be ENTJs too. Granted it has it's downsides sometimes (particularly N, T and J type downsides), but I think we NTs can agree that anyone who thinks they're superior to others because of an (unproveable) theory giving them 4 (or specifically 2) letters is probably stupid anyway (which ironically undermines the "great" thing about being NT).Barnum Effect. It's working great btw.  (Just kidding btw. I have my doubts but I'm kinda sure I'm ENTJ)


But... People who assume that they are a type that they're not.... probably... think they are that type? That's why they do it? What kind of stupid question was that?I get so annoyed, because it's really hard to enter conflict with an ISFJ. I don't hate them (don't really LOVE them either), but most seem nice. Maybe they secretly hate me though. 


ISFPs on the other hand. Clash so hard. Except older ISFPs. They're divine.Take mine, I barely use the motherfucking thing anyway.I think ESTXs are very relatable to most people, and ENTXs can be very charismatic and appealing if given the chance.  


ISTPs seem to be pretty decent with people too.Probably not. Maybe extroverts might prefer pineapples on their pizza slightly more than introverts. But I doubt there would be significant enough differences to call confirmed correlation. I think other letters/functions wouldn't matter that much.Well. There's a reason I called it a "central theme", not "the only reason". I'd imagine there would be less grand reasons for lesser things. (Also remember the theme would have to capture you guys and ISFJs as well). It's not like I think INTJs feel worthless when they don't have a plan, or  go "yes, 10:30 am is the perfect time to shop. It's after the morning rush, but before lunch hours and most people go to work. And the staff wouldn't be tired yet.... Yes. I am a really great person". 


I see what you mean by hating the J/P dichotomy (I guess you mean test/behavioral wise), I believe so too with regards to functions (which is why i neglected looking at functions and more at temperaments, with exception for IXXJs because I think functions are relevant to my theory in that particular circumstance)&gt; I really dislike the J/P "dichotomy" because people seem to look at it at the extreme ends  


Well don't worry Sully, I don't. I consider J and P behavior to be on a continuous scale rather than a dichotomy with 2 extreme ends. Most people sort of preferring to commit to plans (rather than being fully stubborn strict and on their mission), or sort of preferring to keep their options open and "wing it" (rather than, never thinking about what they're doing and always letting the chips fall where they may).  


With this in mind, i said the types that need it the most, and hardest to deviate, relative to the others, maybe I'm wrong in this regard. (Also as an ENTJ I'm not that personally anal about scheduling, I just act like it because it inspires others to act). 


&gt; We can do our best to predict how things will turn out, but we can never be 100% certain, so it's best to be ready for anything as opposed to trying to control everything. That sounds like a very P thing to say I'm sure, but remember, IxxJ types are perceiving dominant types first.  


Well... to be fair, it does sound like something an ISTP might say. I don't doubt your INTJness, but if you do. It's something to look into. That said the perceiving lead you mention is precisely what leads to the "need to be prepared" that I think really captures IXXJ types well. Might seem stubborn to an outside observer, but before the plans/preparations were put in place, heavy consideration for what the "anything can happen" entails before they begin their planning and preparation, as compared to us EXXJs that kinda brush over the heavy introspection and try to jump into the actual action faster (often by borrowing other people's input).I hope this doesn't sound too contradictory, but I agree with you for the most part. I am NOT saying INXJs never deviate from their plans (in fact I think sometimes INXJs might even forget what their original plan was (Source: My INFJ friend)) but that actually deviating, or worse yet, acting without a pre set idea or plan is more of a no go area, or as you said... 


&gt; If I genuinely do have to solve a crisis entirely from scratch in real time, my decision-making suffers.&gt; I hate to say this, but I read most of the prelude then was unable to read the rest.  


I completely understand. It's large walls of text. You could check out the IXXJ section when you're ready though. It would seem I completely misunderstand INXJs  


&gt; I like the external world structured. I like this because my internal world is really open and fluid and unstructured and having structure in the external world is a balance to that in terms of energy and focus.  


I don't ever think I'll fully understand this, but it does help me understand a bit more the "need to feel grounded" thing that I hear from INFJs. I don't hear it that much from INTJs though. I wonder if it's true for them too or they just like to act like it's not an issue?


&gt; Fe doesn't pull against external planning and structure and it doesn't really present the kind of mystery your prelude suggests. At least not in my stack.  


&gt; Fe-aux likes defined roles, likes to know who we are in relation to each other, likes to have explicit agreement with others about when we are going to do things and how and etc.  


Well this is interesting and seems to be kinda consistent with Fe descriptions I've heard, and people who I have seen type/self-type/been typed as FJ. Defined roles and explicit agreements could easily lead to the J like tendencies I guess, that otherwise didn't seem related to any functions.Hmm. I hate this sentence but. 


I was wrong.  


I already put the disclaimer for the INXJ types. I have more to learn, which I guess is cool. If i find more Ni doms to study, and their tendency for J like behavior I'll come back to the board and see what y'all think.You're always bringing quality to the board. Keep at it peppermint :)&gt; I have a very busy life right now and don't put a lot of effort into my appearance. I totally understand that this is at play here for why I don't get a lot of attention. That's all okay and fine  


+  


&gt; So I think what happens is these ISTJs that aren't good at conversation, all of a sudden have a great conversation with me and then fetishize the way that I think. It's really insulting actually but I just let that go. The issue isn't that this type of person is attracted to me. The issue is that they're the only person that is.


What are you looking for again? Like even without the political correctness of this post being addressed. Seems like there is a problem. You know the cause of this problem. You can address the problem. You're just complaining about it and wondering if.. 


For once socionics is right. You are my supervisee.&gt; I guess it's just a hit to my self esteem...? 


Probably gets worse when you realize you're doing that to these 'ISTJs' too. The annoying thing about it is... They aren't like coming around you cuz of your ass, or huge tits, or something superficial. Like ya that might play a part of it, but they're actually interested in YOU. How YOU think. In essence your personality, or the at least the front you put up. Like...  


You're a girl. Not putting much effort into your appearance, and the great guys aren't that into you cuz u're in the background. You aren't even trying to get in with other guys. You're legitimately in a position where the outsiders are looking for other outsiders to connect with... How great or attractive (or unattractive) you actually are has little to do with it. If you're not down to fuck with that, you're gonna have to put in effort to bring the rest of the boys to the yard, or learn to enjoy the company of ISTJs.In a surprising twist of events I can kinda empathize with you and "fetishized" Ni when you explain it the way you do. Though it's never been fetishized on me, more like treated like an animal in a cage, like "wow look at that, i wonder if it can do tricks".  


Like I can't really feel sorry for you, /u/glamsterhamster if you're still around, my Fi training is failing. But you're suffering from something I think many young girls do. Like, i bet they don't get to talk to girls that much. At that point Ni is just a bonus, especially since it's *so* outsider.This thread is deleted. What r u doing here still? lolDon't even have to lead on hormonal young boys. But once you're aware, you can look out for it and then do something about it, especially maybe make it clear "do not fetishize my NI" earlier on.  


Also are you 100% sure u wanna NOT participate in the dating game now? I know you say you're fine, but unless you're super connected and have a big social circle, the dating game gets harder as you get older. You might find your choice is no longer a choice later on.Well I can't date you or hook you up with anyone, so as a stranger on the internet, my end of the job is done. For further help go to r/enfj because they love giving dating advice to strangers. But as long as you know what you gotta do, and you're willing to do it, that'd be great. 


Who knows. Prince Charming might really be a quiet reliable dependable hardworking ISTJ at the end of this, and you'll have a quiet snickerish laugh about it.I think ENTPs are. They naturally do that sort of thing anyway (in my experience).As an ENTJ. I kinda agree with the ISFJ, but i think both of you don't tackle the actual problem. I'd rather invest in a better education system, better job finding/advertisement systems, entrepenurial workshops. Make being homeless a choice, not a product of circumstance.  


Homeless shelters are like a patch over the hole that is the flaw in the job market.  


Giving someone a meal and a smile helps physically for like 12 hours and mentally for about... a week or so, maybe intermittently for some years to come... But he/she will leave you in virtually the same position for a while to come.  


Just one thing. INTPs and I don't usually have problems conversating. In fact it gets natural and deep pretty fast. Te compliments Ti well, Ne compliments Ni well.  


The other thing I find when I begin talking for enough time is that I'll find my point is part of a larger point. So expect some derailing. Also analogies.&gt;  I like biking. Along with nearly any other physical activity. I also like pretty much anything creative - making music, painting, diy projects. I'm sweet, eccentric, philosophical, and have a silly sense of humor.  


Lots of pros. List your cons and I'll be better able to make an informed decision.&gt; become very argumentative [debate] 


That is like, the ideal and natural way i prefer my casual conversations anyway. I'm talking not just about the theory but also from experience. (Though to be fair I've never really *worked* with an INTP, I'd imagine it probably wouldn't be that great an experience). But to me Ti is the hardcore analysis of my Te data driven plans, and Ne is the alternative considerations that I missed out on my Ni speculation. I don't see Ti and Te fighting as much as Fi and Fe.  


Our senses of humour often align well too. Also once what I am saying makes sense (if I'm not joking i try to make sense), INTPs tend to be "down for whatever" (as long as I'm not *forcing* them to do it, I'm not asking them to interact with people needlessly or it looks like far too much work.) Lastly, while we often seem to say "how'd you even think of that" to each other often, for the most part we seem to understand each other very well (compared to say... most other MBTI types except our own).


Not sure how it works for other ENTJs and INTPs work though, could be an individual thing with me. I have heard it's like a Mentor-Trainee relationship. Though there is room for serious arguments  

INTP: "Considering this, and how this tends to play out, and this theory, these are the facts"   
ENTJ: "Based on what proof? How are you sure any of that is true? Have you seen it? Is it confirmed? You have good sources? You realize I can't trust any of that right?"  
INTP: "Clearly you can't understand logic, it is almost undeniable. You haven't even given me arguments and counterpoints. Do you need proof for everything? Must everything be seen and touched by you before you acknowledge it's existence?"  
ENTJ:"No. But before I start claiming 'truth' and taking action on some dumbass speculation, I need proof. I'm all up for all the hypothesizing and speculation and stuff, but I'm not going to just take your word, based on your definitions and your beliefs as law... Unless you happen to be an expert in this field? And you know what you're talking about?"  
INTP: "Sigh. Clearly I'm wasting my time"  
ENTJ: "Finally you're starting to make sense" 


(I've had that conversation a few times. Sometimes I'm right, sometimes I'm wrong, most times it's cool though)&gt; Not sure how it works for other ENTJs and INTPs work though, could be an individual thing with me. I have heard it's like a Mentor-Trainee relationship. **Though there is room for serious arguments**  


1. There is room for arguments, not *this is how we normally work* 

2. There is no point trying to discuss something when both parties aren't calm. When emotions and ad hominem attacks get involved, truth and objectivity become lost, and you'll waste time, energy, lifespan, respect, your train of thought and overall your chances of getting any point you have across. Not to mention when INTPs (in my experience) get to the point where they're so frustrated they stop trying to prove their point and say "You're wasting my time" they don't want to listen or talk anymore because they're tired of explaining and believe that you're too dumb to convince. At that point i get all 8 like and realize that if i keep trying all I'll get is more frustrated while i get insulted and looked down upon. Unless I'm willing to fight... ninth wing doesn't want active confrontation unless necessary. I shut down the argument ASAP. Most times I'll go research, and come back to revisit the issue after an apology.  


3. I'm talking not just about the theory but also from experience. (Though to be fair I've never really worked with an INTP, I'd imagine it probably wouldn't be that great an experience). But to me Ti is the hardcore analysis of my Te data driven plans, and Ne is the alternative considerations that I missed out on my Ni speculation...... ***This*** is how we normally interact. Relatively impersonal, but calm, and we're both happy (by 4th feeling function standards) to have the conversation.  


4. [Some](http://type-unboxed.tumblr.com/post/90579320453/the-lion-and-the-owl-entj-with-intp) [other](http://personalitygrowth.com/intp-and-entj-compatibility-relationships-and-friendships/) [people](http://www.entjpersonality.info/2010/07/entj-intp-relationships-compatibility.html) [think](https://www.reddit.com/r/entj/comments/42man3/how_the_hell_do_entj_even_become_attracted_to_intp/) [it's](https://www.reddit.com/r/entj/comments/30xtf4/dear_entjs_what_do_you_think_of_us_intps/) [not](https://www.reddit.com/r/entj/comments/5j4ttm/what_do_you_all_think_about_intps/) [that](https://www.reddit.com/r/INTP/comments/5rrf7g/entjs_arent_as_bad_as_i_thought/) [bad](https://www.reddit.com/r/INTP/comments/4hxmbm/an_observation_on_intps_by_an_entj/) [too](https://www.reddit.com/r/INTP/comments/5rt28z/intp_vs_entj/)Idk. They way I interpreted it, it's kinda hit and miss, but good enough. I want me a strong woman that knows what she wants. I don't think anything goes 100% smoothly, so if i hear no complaints, I'm going to assume you're keeping a problem to yourself.... Not tolerable.   


Adapting to stated desires (thus setting plans for obtaining said desires) is kinda my thing. But this should be ideally "my choice". I don't like being actually forced to do anything.1. If it works, it works. If it is useful, it is accepted. 
 

2. We all have some form of intuition (some more than others) to bridge ideas not supported by science, data and concrete evidence.   


3. Te users aren't slaves to the world's opinion. It doesn't take long for anyone to realize that not because everyone says something is true, means that it is. If you have good Te, you'll get proof that that assumption is false.  


4. We still like communicating with people and stating our opinions... well, some of us. So we come to the board to state our opinions and get some non-theory based opinions from people who claim to have certain labels.  


5. You'll notice you still have a point. ESTJs here are rare. ISTJs are less rare, but I'd imagine it's more introversion bringing them online than being more likely to believe in it. INTJs are many because they have intuition and are prone to liking theories, even if they want data and proof to back it up. ENTJs are less common, probably because they are too busy to check into this MBTI thing. The lower Te users have Fi, if they like it, they'll be here. If they wanna be here.... they'll be here.Well. Yeah it's a bit specific. Tbh it'd feel weird if all ENTJs loved the same. I don't have an SO to cross reference my romance style though either... Which probably means I should adopt an Aggressor style anyway. Cheers mate.ESFP on far left  


ESTP with the pose  


ISTP with the hands on face  


ISFP to the far just being there.First of all. I'm sorry if i communicated this badly, but the example i gave was of an ENTJ-INTP conversation gone wrong. I do recognize it as toxic and undesirable. Like you said, from both a Te and Fi POV, it's bad. I was trying to let you know that I don't think ENTJ-INTP is all rainbows and sunshine, *sometimes* things break down, and when it does, it looks like that... And i can attribute it to Te vs Ti.  


**I DO NOT THINK ACTUAL FIGHTS LIKE MY EXAMPLE CONVERSATION IS IDEAL OR SHOULD HAPPEN.** However, people eventually encounter arguments. Even the most caring, considering people, with the most adaptable and malleable minds will eventually find conflict.... okay? good... now ima respond to you....


You know, you seem to be *missing my point* and sticking to yours. Zoom out for a split second.  


1. First of all. I don't care how mature anyone is, or healthy or whatever positive buzzword you use. Sometimes people argue. Sure it *should* never happen, and as a considerate smart and good human being you *should* do what you can to avoid that... When did i say this *should* happen?   (yes i stated this in my prelude as well as here because i ***really*** need you to understand that I DO NOT THINK PEOPLE SHOULD FIGHT... DAMN SON... JESUS).


2. So you should keep arguing? I'd argue *your* mentality is warped. Also again with the "shoulds". I'm not an idiot. I won't keep arguing with people unecessarily based on some "should". That's how you end up with people's feelings hurt, people breaking things, personal attacks, physical confrontation. Come on. This is feeler territory. You should know how people get when tensions get high.   
Do you think I *WANT* communication to break down? No.  
Do you think I *WANT* to fight? Obviously no.  
Do you think I *WANT* to end the issue unresolved? No.   
So what do you do? Calm down, revisit the issue when people aren't focused on defending themselves and attacking you. I don't need F in my 4 letter label to tell me that.  


3. When did I state that Ti is just an add on to Te? INTPs Ti is a force far stronger than mine. To me, what INTPs WANT to do, I have to tolerate. Also maybe there's naturally conflict and clashes.. But we're NTs (Which is why i don't like Socionics overarching claims). We can handle, and even enjoy mental disagreements, as long as it remains impersonal and based on some form of reasoning. The NT mind manifests in many ways, but it's a place of malleable truths and connections. Malleable truths that when fucked with feels good in a sense, because it's an opportunity to either learn the truth or confirm the truth. And maybe I'm a weird ENTJ or a mistype, but with ALL the accounts of ENTJs and INTPs operating seemingly swimmingly. (I literally know only one ENTJ who hates INTPs). I'm gonna do what I normally do and trust Te over Ti. The theory might not hold up here, but I'm going to go with the objective real world proof that is my interactions with INTPs and all those people in the 9 links i sent you that have had positive relationships with them. Not to mention the 2 other motherfuckers who have responded to you stating otherwise.  


And... for the last... FUCKING time... The example i gave is an example of things NOT going well, I DO recognize it as toxic. I don't like when things get that heated. I rather have the normal Me-INTP interactions of, I come in looking like a joke, grand entrance, they ask me a question and I make silly jokes and ask what they're doing and discuss the specifics of what they do, how they do it, and if there is a way to do it better. Then I tell them a plan I have, and they go "well yes but..." and we discuss my plans. I usually leave happy, feeling like any ideas i had are now better. Any plans more solid. INTPs I think are entertained by me and depending on the INTP either annoyed or temporarily inspired.

Even in the realm of "objectivity" (assuming i had zero Fi. Fe or decency) ad hominem attacks are bad.


MY LORD. PLEASE READ. I'm willing to have a pleasant discussion about this, but you're ironically doing the same things the hypothetical INTP was doing in my example conversation.&gt; They can give off the aura that somehow they are used to interacting with people by fighting with them. Not unlike two lion cubs play fighting.  


Ha. A hearty laugh. Funny and kinda accurate. I try not to "fight" anyone that doesn't want to fight though.Type: ENTJ 
Relates:     


* Azir from League of Legends.   


* L from Death Note  


* Cell from Dragon Ball Z


* Orochimaru from NarutoWell, you're right about not necessarily understanding human interaction, It's something that I work on because in the end, i do like people.  


Here's some Fi for you though. I like debates, I like having discussions. I question people's stances all the time, I like hearing their reasons for it. If i think it could be better, then yeah I'll let them know. If i realize that they don't care about my opinion, I'll politely let them know I'm just tryna help and bounce. But I naturally do these things because I like it. I love debates, i love productive discussions, I like having ideas verified and solidified. That's Fi. I like it. If others like it (The INTPs I know kinda do) and we wanna interact like that... That's our choice. That's what we value. You telling me we shouldn't is bad... Because if we listened and stopped debating... You'll take away our joy.... What we value.... and replace it with what you value (which im guessing is just agreements or agree to disagree). And like... That'll feel both shallow and empty, as well as lessen the correctness and usefulness of any thoughts I have. "should be" is dependent on the persons involved mate. 


If i like to debate, and you don't, then I shouldn't or else it's selfish. 


If i like to debate, and you do, then I should so that we can be happier.  


Also another point of clarification. I wasn't trying to say Ti is stronger than Te. I was saying INTP's Ti is stronger than my Ti lolAlso there's healthy debate. Like men debating which football team they think is gonna win.  


And unhealthy arguments. Such as whether or not I am an idiot or not.  


I like the first, I hate the second. I'm not gonna try to defend my Fi, it is my 4th function after all. But you are WAY off base my friend, and also recognize, unlike you who has gone off topic to attack me, I've tried to stick to the points (except when I started trying to bat down in to your head, something that seems incomprehensible to you, that healthy debate is a thing and THAT'S what I like.)Sorry I been focusing on your fellow ENFP. I wanted to make a joke about moral claims and 4th Fi but I forgot what it was. So have this empty comment instead.You have deep seated problems if you think your way is the only way to live.  


I'd say that sufficient debate and discussion not only feels good (my Fi), but also helps you keep your mind sharp, refine your knowledge and most of all (for more personal matters), bring problems and issues to the forefront so that we can deal with them. I have an INTP friend. We operate swimmingly. If we have a problem, we bring it up. If we have a disagreement, we discuss it. It's great.  


I have an INFJ friend. She rarely disagrees with me. We barely fight. Her secret? Conflict avoidance. Result? She has had a lot of issues with me that I only learn going down the road. Who do you think I trust more?  


But okay. We've clearly moved on from that point of INTP-ENTJ and gone on to me. Tell me.... What's wrong with liking debates and liking to debate with my friends? What problems do you think I have based on that, and how does that affect me as compared to a normal person?I haven't forgotten you. I kinda see where you're coming from, I don't fully agree with you.  


Debate is okay. Minor disagreements should either be resolved or pushed aside when necessary. Fighting and arguments should be avoided (beforehand) when foreseeable unless necessary. I believe these things for many of the reasons you stated (limits social/job mobility, breaks apart relationships, hurts people).  


I don't know what happened in your history, but I used to have friendly debates and discussions with my old NT friends, and we're still good friends to this day. We tried setting up a business together (twice) (bad idea the first time, not enough motivation the second), we've partied together. We've shared secrets. All that good relationship stuff. That's how we've bonded over the years. I don't go attacking people (ad hominem) or insulting them. Only the INTP does that, and he's learning to be less of an asshole. 


I think you don't understand NTs, and find a problem with a group that thinks differently from you, bonding in a way that's different to you. And FYI, there's a slight difference between politely asking questions and making counter statements to things being said in the work place, and causing discord with arguments. I've only ended up in a "fighting" argument once in the workplace... and that was with a stereotypical ESTJ boss that no one likes.  


Like maybe STs and Fs can't handle disagreements and see it as "a big problem", but if the NTs are happy in their circle (which some of us, including me are) then why is this a problem? I am living proof that these bad things haven't happened. Also I don't want someone who cries and moans just because someone disagrees with them, so if I'm repelling those people. Good...  

Too often, people like that are stupid, make bad decisions, hurt themselves and hurt everyone around them. Well I'm sorry to hear that you and your friend got distant like that. Then again I think theoretically there's a difference between a Conflict type (ENFP-ISTP or in my case an ISFJ), and a contrary (ENFP-INFJ or in my case INTP). Your arguments with your friend is consistent with that framework, and I am surprised that you were able to maintain that for 6 years.   


The way the [Contrary](http://www.socionics.com/rel/cnt.htm) relationship seems to work though, seems to make sense and seems to work favorably for ENTJ-INTP. Forgive me for the stereotypes, but I think for many it holds true. INTPs can be the least socially involved of the 16 types. Chances are, if you're interacting with an INTP, it's a one-on-one. Personally I like a group of 5, but I also like one-on-one heart-to-heart pick your mind sessions. 9/10 times I talk to INTPs, we talk alone, that's where you get.... 


&gt; Contrary partners may like some elements of the other partner's behaviour. This often helps the partners to begin a more close relationship.  


Primary thing I feel with INTPs. I'll admit though, reflecting on it, I haven't had much success with INTPs in groups. Especially groups of INTPs. I think based on my experience, the reports of people in my links, the socionics' descriptions of contrary types, that INTP-ENTJ relationships can be good as long as they're alone, which they'll tend to be (due to ENTJs tendency to be closed off and part of a small friend circle, and INTPs tendency to be solitary).   


The light debate and idea discussion the NTs do shouldn't be looked at as that bad for long term relationships. In my history, I've had fun with an INTJ debating with him. We still crack up and laugh about them. And we'll most likely be friends for a long while (We've only become distant recently because he's legitimately busy with a bunch of NGO stuff). I've had fun with an INTP I used to date, debating stuff and trying to teach each other things. The only reason that didn't work out was because her family sorta pushed us apart. My second-to-last "natural" conversation was with an INTP girl.  


&gt; In the beginning we were just like you and your INTP friend, we both argued and debated all the time and didn't think anything about it. Then one day we realized that we can't agree on anything which then killed the mood to talk about a lot of subjects because we already knew the outcome.   


I think NTs wouldn't like being around people that agreed with them too often. But here's my thing...  


&gt; optimize people so they are more efficient. This is done through the elimination of imperfections. In this case having an argumentative personality type and not recognizing it will train you to behave in a poor way. It's the exact opposite of the way to interact in a good relationship.  


If I recall correctly, as per the beliefs ascribed to MBTI, socionics and what not, trying to act against your type is both unsustainable and harmful to yourself. You end up a parody of the types you're trying to imitate thus sucking at it, while also sucking at what you are actually good at. But in terms of having an argumentative personality type (something that is somewhat beyond my control...)  


I do recognize it, which is why when I am amongst people that I know debating/questioning will cause more harm than good to, I hold back and stick to smiles and what not. I'm not stupid, I can tell the difference between healthy discussion and an argument. I don't get involved in arguments unless necessary (even though sometimes the feeling that I need to correct someone, or blurted corrections are brimming at the tip of my consciousness... I have self-control and can control my actions). A good relationship (as far as I define it), is one of mutual joy, mutual benefit and mutual growth (especially if it is sustainable). "Not debating" isn't the only way to achieve that.@ 1) I think this shows how different types react differently to certain relationships. I don't tend to get along with either ISTJs or INFJs. As an 8, the supervisor-like relationship i get with the few ISTJs i know is goddamn enfuriating. I find myself (historically) unable to interact with INFJs. Recently (after i dug into mbti a bit) I find myself being less unappreciative of their kind and their shortfalls.  


@ 2) Like you're gonna have to pull some memories and analysis there bud, like what problems/differences did you and your INFJs have?  


@ 3) For the most part I agree with you.  


@ 4) Based on what grounds? The "Their functions are swapped and value completely different thing?" argument works great in theory, not so much in practice (at least on the surface). Even theoretically we're Quasi-Identiticals. Granted these "personality tests" alone aren't law, but recognize that many "ENTPs" and "ENTJs" would have taken tests that gave them that result, and even after looking into functions would think "yeah sounds more or less right". The only real difference between us at that point is one reportedly prefers flexibility and spontatneity, while one prefers planning and predictability. Like even with the way our minds work being completely different to the other, we have a similar way of interacting with people on the surface. For example. When I started working my current job, I had an ENTP co-worker, and people kept calling me by his name because we seemed so similar. It took a while for my true nature to show and they went "oh... this guy is intense". We could see our differences, but other people couldn't. He LOVES arguing with people. Typical stereotypical ENTP, raising "i wonder ifs" and prodding at everyone with comical annoyance. I also do question things/people often, as a way of understanding what is going on so I can improve either myself or others. It leads to debates and I enjoy it when the other person doesn't get salty.  
 (For example. This discussion here. I'm learning more about socionics, while reflecting on certain things (such as my interaction with INTPs in groups) and it's actually helping me restrategize (there's this cute little INTP girl I been having my eye on. Great conversation over the phone. Great conversation one to one. Completely opposite result when we're in a group. I always blamed it on other factors, but I had never considered our Contrary dynamic/Overall introversion's influence on her. Had i just decided to try to agree/drop it and be happy with you, I wouldn't have thought of it.) *Te approves* )   


Regardless I don't think they are many NTs or people who self-identify as NT that doesn't like an "intellectual" discussion where persons have different views and opinions and argue them well. It's a useful category. Also in case you haven't noticed we've also subjected 7 billion people into 16 types. Without inaccuracy, the only way that could have been achieved is with generalization.I think in this case, background and upbringing have a bit more to do with it than type. I do most of these things (sans pointing out hypocrisy because I believe it is a "necessary evil" in too many cases). And one of my last answers would be ENTJ.Have you ever considered that you might have toxic ~~friends~~ acquaintances?Edited for accuracy. Point generally the same.Ok Ti..... Have you ever considered that those varying ISTJs of varying relations to you are toxic?Either you're missing my point or not responding to it. Regardless of what they are, they seem toxic. I can't even say "well they're ISTJs".  


&gt; Even when I point out that they are hurting me they don't seem to get it and point me as the problem because it couldn't possibly be them.  


Like at that point, the typical Thinker "oblivious to people's feelings" thing gets squashed. Like the only thing that should confuse Si-Te at that point is if your actions contradicted your words. As in you said you were hurt but you were acting like you loved them and weren't hurt all the time. But it doesn't sound like that either. It just sounds like "pssshaw. Fuck your feelings". Like THAT is toxic. Good ISTJs don't do that. They trample feelings and would rather push people away, but most try not to be complete cunts and attempt to adjust if they care about you and you point out a problem.&gt; So trampling the feelings or others and pushing people away isn't being a cunt in and of itself?  


The keyword i used was "try". And the trampling of feelings is often done inadvertently. "Just stating a fact".  


The one ISTJ I know has a few problems with our INFJ. He perceives her as dishonest, deceptive, vague, stupid (multiple negative adjectives). He used to bring her around because she was good company though. She'd just come, basically do little but exist. Interact nicely with anyone who'd come into contact with her. Cause no drama, no stress, no worries. Just ask for food. That still felt nice, and meant no drama from him to manage (for him a Godsend). They're still distancing themselves because they both realize that that relationship does more harm than good. Still remember you. Just super busy. Will respond, though I think our conversation is near it's end.To me it just feels like I'm less inhibited.  


Everyone else says I get more "extra, active and aggressive".Should have been here for Christmas. And there was an ESFJ AMA not too long ago.That was the exact thought I tried not to think.Not weird. It's actually pretty stereotypical.Sounds like a run of the mill ESTJ who got a taste of power, or your typical "bad bitch" variant ESFP.Okay. I have noticed the whole Fe vs Fi thing a lot. I find it funny because I've seen fights like that all the time. Something about NFJs and NFPs makes things seem to get heated almost all the time. To a lesser extent with SFJs and SFPs but it's there. I've rarely seen Ti vs Te cause a big argument, I think primarily because both see the other as based in some form of logic. Seems it's mainly STJs and NTPs that devolve into conflict the most. I think the types involved are as important as the type of relationship they have. So an ENFP's contrary relationship would be typically different from an ENTJ's contrary relationship, which would be different to say an ISTJ's contrary relationship. Like you'd get similar dynamics (that is, similar lifestyle, differing processes, works well one-on-one, unbalanced when not alone. May have disagreements etc.) but each type would react differently to that as some functions give you a greater appreciation/tolerance for that kind of thing than others (i think Ne and Ti can tolerate that kind of thing. Fe and Si might not do that well though. for example)   


4) Well, yeah, there are huge differences, but there are enough similarities between us that there'd be some overlap. Both extraverted is a start. Then there's the low Fe/Fi which means we both would rather remain impersonal in our discussions. (even though ENTPs tend to be very expressive and search for emotional reactions from others, they still like to keep things impersonal). Makes us a little different from EXFXs. What makes ENTx so apparently similar is that functionally we both have good Te and Ne. You'd see both. And though we can both understand Ni and Ti and appreciate it in good doses. They're just means to an end for us. We both tend to test people. We both tend to have "ridiculous ideas" and an "out there sense of humour". Tend to talk about pushing boundaries, questioning norms, making things better, all that good stuff. The real differences kick in when our actual interests and attitude become more apparent. One is more playful, people-focused, understanding-focused, exploratory. The other is more bossy, group-focused, action-focused and achievement bound.)That's the obvious ones. The secret to the piercing eyes is that they aren't looking at you, but the idea of you.Jungle or ADC. 


Top is an island by itself. Can't really cover for the incompetent or assist the competent from up there as easily.I think. There is heavy variance amongst types. So being an ENTJ doesn't automatically mean I'm more introverted or extroverted than anyone. I think there would be some correlation though. 


I wouldn't consider ENTJ the most introverted extroverts, because while there is enough reasons to feel introverted (inf Fi: not that willing to indulgde in soft feely type talk too often, or open up for that matter, or anything beyond basic emapthy for that matter. Then unlike the ESTJs, they're rare so that might feel more like an alien, misunderstood beyond the Te dom mask. Also unlike most ESTJs, most of us don't really care that much about minor details, thus small talk is often so awful), the thing is normally we're distracted. ENTJs tend to be so busy and focused on their jobs/goals/objectives/systems that they don't have time or energy to feel alone. Not like they'd give a fuck anyway most of the time... It's another sentiment to ignore in lieu of goal pursuing.  
^(Despite) ^all ^of ^this ^I'd ^consider ^myself ^very ^extroverted ^once ^small ^talk ^isn't ^a ^thing.  


ENFPs claim this, and some might be. Then again the greatest attention seekers I know have been ENFPs. I also know one who is almost always by himself, and seems a happy chill guy. Also the MOST extroverted person I know is an ENTP, he might also be a narcissist (P.s. we aren't friends no more).  


I think extreme usage of Ne gets a social stigma when over used in our Si heavy world, and INXJs might be initially annoyed by it. Combine that Ne explosive mental exploration with inf Si not being able to lend a consistent and sustainable approach to managing themselves and their state of mind/body. They'll expend energy SUPER quickly, drain themselves and retreat. When left alone, Ne's ideas are usually sufficient to occupy headspace without external input needed, but in my experience, leave an ENXP alone for too long and they'll eventually rush back into the social sphere like "Guys! guys! guys! check this out!" with some ideas they've recently contemplated and are now itching to share.  


I think ENTP wins the contest though. ENTJs usually need to feel like they're accomplishing something, it removes the introvert's social battery phenomenon in many (ironically) non-social situations. ENFPs have the same burn out problem/Ne to fill the void that ENTPs have.... But with ENFPs having that typical NF people and values focus, they'll tend to want to connect with people more than an ENTP does.  


^I ^keep ^getting ^shocked ^when ^ENFPs ^make ^the ^claim ^because ^it ^would ^mean ^that ^ENTPs ^are ^more ^extroverted ^than ^them..."introverted extrovert" is a very clear distinction between the two... You're the only one confused here.I was coming back to answer your question, but I see a conversation that i agree with for the most part. Also, while ENTPs have Fe. It's tertiary. Something they technically value, but is subdued in favor of Ti. So like i said in my foreword *an* ENFP might be more introverted than an ENTP, but ENFPs should in general be a bit less introverted (socially wise of course for teh pedantic)If the introversion and extroversion were referring to the same form of the phenomenon, it would literally be impossible to be an introverted extrovert. 


How can you be a cognitively introverted cognitive extravert? 


How can you be a socially introverted social extrovert?   


See my point?I can confirm.Well. Yes. I have actually (Though I'm 90% sure I'm not a 7). I don't buy too heavily into the J vs P thing, but I better fit into ENTJ descriptions a bit more than ENTP. Down to the socionics descriptions. Also i relate to the ENTJs here more than the ENTPs.  


Might seem ENTP like here, but the question demands it.   


Of course I can (just like anyone else here) also be mistyped, but is it really useful to point out mistypes? It wouldn't change much in my life if I recognized I was actually ENTP. Might change some answers.  


For what it's worth I identify as ENTJ 8w9 sx/so :)  


But if you'd like I could always do a Type Me thread and see what everyone else has to say. :)&gt; The take-charge, no-bullshit approach of the ENTJ seems to come across as disregard and a threat to the authority of the ESFJ 


I think that's kinda what it is. It's not the intention, but it is a result.Cognitive and social extroversion are not unrelated though. They aren't 100% correlated yes, but saying it's "irrelevant" is legitimately myopic imo.  


There's first of all the fact that the likelihood that someone who displays extroverted behavior and extroverted desires is most likely a cognitive extravert. It's dumb to say that "well i like going out with people so im a Exxx", but it doesn't mean it's not a factor.  


Then there is the ways that cognitive extroversion influence behavior and desires. In this particular discussion we were talking about how different forms of cognitive extroversion affect how "socially extroverted" they might appear. Hence my answer... 


&gt; There is heavy variance amongst types. So being an ENTJ doesn't automatically mean I'm more introverted or extroverted than anyone. I think there would be some correlation though. "When I tell you about something I'm interested in, you listen and maybe make a few comments and then it dies. 


I am not taking it personally but I would like to heighten the depth of my conversations with you."  


Be ready to answer any questions that may ensue.That does sound like an accurate description of a narcissist though.[Attend this class](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVcLIfSC4OE)Sounds ISTJ-T enough for me.[First of all I'm working on a small For Fun: Stereotypes type of list, so do you relate to this song at all?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Zbw86Xts5Q)


.


[Important background music for this comment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFFDG5FRbWk)

I don't know if you're around. Maybe you can stick around for a while. 


First of all. Proof and a To do list at the same time. Way to appeal to dat Te.... I am pleased. It is heart warming to see this from an inferior Te user....


It's okay if you've never gotten around to it. Maybe Fi stands in your way. You don't want to do it... Maybe it shouldn't be on your list at all, and you should be free to not poke your friends... 


But... I don't want to give up on you. In fact... I refuse to... It's been a long time Ms. Hamster... And even I... have stalled on the poking that I have promised... Just like you, it would take immense strength and willpower to achieve this task, for inferior Fi holds me back...  It tells me... No one should see my soft spot... Not even myself...  


I have attempted to poke my co-workers, but alas... To no avail... But seeing your to-do list has inspired me. It has motivated me. I have an ally. I believe that we are obligated to carry out or mission Ms. Hamster...


Monday is a fresh day. And I'll have you know, I already poked the ESFJ. She immediately laughed like SpongeBob... It was truly a heart moving sight... She's too well put together to react any differently in public... I wish i could have brought home a better story... Truth is.. I picked an easy target...  


I tried it on an ISFP, but she looked so confused and anxious when i simply touched her. I couldn't help but stop to console her first. "I'm sorry. It's okay". The whole thing was just an awkward experience.. (just like everything else with her but okay....)  


I'll get it done by the end of this week. From my INFP co workers... To my ESTJ supervisor.... None shall be left unpoked (and un giggled and floated away from).   


I think you should give it one more go as well. It's a fun exercise. If you should do anything to get yourself into a more Te friendly state of mind, it should be something you would enjoy. I say. We forget everything else, and just get your ISFP hands on anyone you feel comfortable with, enjoy the joy of finally getting it off your list, and the brief time of confusion and fun you get from your friends... 


My ISFP supervisor enjoys it, and you might too :) .... I will never give up on you glamsterhamster.... Not until your last breath.I'm actually surprised that this is still a topic of discussion.&gt; You know, faking empathy just to make the other person feel better?  


Everyone at some point in their life, unless they're complete assholes. &gt; I think hes specifically targetting people who always say "SO MANY PEOPLE ON MBTI COMMUNITIES ARE MISTYPED" In addition to the "cant believe there are so many intuitive online compared to supposedly more sensors existing"  


Yeah. Like I said. Still surprised, I've seen OPs points used in response to these people so many times, and the only counter point I have ever seen used is "type does not dictate preference" or something so.&gt;  The people in my personal life that I am positive are INFJs are super super unique and complicated. It's like they speak a different language   


Descriptions like this drags the typeless anxious sensitives to the label. I'm skeptical (actually I'm sure there are less INFJs than claimed "INFJs") but I don't think trying to correct people's types matter. 


1) Chances are they aren't going to listen  


2) You aren't necessarily going to be the best typist out there anyway  


3) Label accuracy is subjective to interpretation of Jung's Ni fueled blabberings. Outside of the tests that is.Pssh. Fuck outta here with that bullshit.The same reason one would accept MBTI as valid, but reject Socionics. I mean this very literally, and very non-offensiv-y 


How does that relate to what I'm saying? Saying P on the outside and J on the inside is alluding to the Jungian functions. Versus just 'P' which by itself has meaning without understanding the functions that are underneath it.Honestly you can group them however you want.   

I kinda hate labels, they usually simplify things to the behavioral level, and inherently imply that certain groups can/can't do certain things. 


Like I'd go: 

* NJ - Visionary  
* NP - Brainstormer  
* SJ - Structuralist  
* SP - Realist   


And it'd still simplify things and causes weird outliers (wouldn't consider your average INFP a "brainstormer", wouldn't consider your average ESFJ "Structural", wouldn't consider ISFPs a "realist". Also "Visionary" just sounds like a title to jack off to for the personalities with the biggest egos.)I think somewhere along the line we're encountering a misunderstanding. I'm thinking typing by letters is a lot like the 16personalities.com style typing. As in I vs E, N vs S, T vs F and J vs P. Aka. Not with functions.  


Why would someone do that? The same reason people who type by functions (Fe, Ti, Ne, Si, etc.) reject Socionics. "It looks complex", "It gets too specific", "makes too many claims to" etc.  


I get what you're saying with regards to IxxP are P on the outside and J on the inside. (cuz they lead with Ji (Ti for INTP which is a judging function) and follow with aux Pe (Ne in the INTPs case which is a perceiving function))  


The thing is, this assumes the existence of these functions and thus the implications behind them (particularly the stated system of balancing/opposing axes). If you didn't believe in these functions (or didn't want to be bothered by it) you'd type by letters.Dear u/glamsterhamster . You've made me proud. I am happy that you've been able to do this. Even if you did pick an easy target, and the result was more or less just like it never happened. You've said you wanted to be a bit more Te this year. And granted it's taken you a while (3 months, but you got around to it regardless).  


When I have the time I'll get back to you with my own stories. Just know that now I have an INFP that refuses to stop poking me.&gt; I just do nothing 


Then you wonder why TJs hate you.&gt; Ngl it seems even easier for people with low Fi (TJs) to feel triggered, than high Fi


Hmm..... 


No. If we're going down this route, I'm gonna have to humbly state that this isn't exactly true. Cognitive function wise it doesn't make sense. Anecdotally, i still don't think it's true. I guess what really sells the appearance that TJs is that *when* triggered, it's handled roughly.  


And usually TJs (EXTJs at least) in my experience, often give you a chance to untrigger them with a "trigger guard question" when they're at the brink.  


"Wait. Are you saying that x y and z is the case?"  


FPs don't usually give me that chance of redemption, and if they ask me a "trigger guard" question, it's often in the form of an assumption/rhetorical that I cannot override. Like "Oh so you think I'm pathetic right?".  


IXFPs though, in my experience when triggered handle it well. Like they'll get overwhelmed by feelings, but not really lose control. They just go silent stick to themselves and show their displeasure. Unlike EXTJs that when triggered start fucking with everything and everybody.  


Metaphorically, a triggered Te dom is the unstoppable force, and a triggered Fi dom is the immovable object.Where is that ISFP that was boasting about how shallow and superficial he was?They're confident, but they aren't as scary as ENTJs.I have been listening to a lot of gangster rap/rap in general and I'm realizing there are very STJ-like themes in so many of those songs. I can easily imagine an ESTJ gangster relating to Wale's ambition.   


Relevance? If the music that says fuck society/the police/general decency could have STJ tones, last thing i could say is STJs must follow the rules.I would literally back up. Make a dramatic hand gesture, and scoff...  


Followed by looking for the hidden camera to state whether this is a prank or not.  


Once I realize you're serious, I'm going to ask you "The fuck do you mean what red means motherfucker? Is someone on their period?!"Search for signs of the inferior function (inf Si vs inf Fi). If you don't find decent evidence of inf Si. It's probably an ESTJ, because they tend to hide those flaws well.  


You can also sorta ask questions/give him a test. Even if the test isn't accurate, the results (and your friend's reaction to said results) may reveal a lot. For example I thought one of my co-workers was an ENTJ, then she got ESFJ on a test, and her reaction to her scores solidified to me that she was actually an ESTJ (just very VERY heavy on the Ne)Her case was more like "someone you think is an intuitive, but is really a sensor". She never got introduced to mbti, I just gave her a test. Her reaction to the scores she got was more or less 


"Nah I'm more extroverted than that, so I'll increase this percentage to 100"  


"I'm more observant than that. I always pay attention. Nothing gets pass me, so i'll increase this a bit more"  


"Says I'm a feeler.... Nah. No way, I'll have to dial that all the way back to 10% or something. I think things through... but anything else?"  


[Insert an actual ESFJ's + my description of what a feeler is here]  


"Nah. To hell with that. I couldn't give a damn"  


[Goes on tirade about things she couldn't give a damn about, and examples of things/times she didn't give a damn about feelings]  


"What's judging"  


[explains to her typical stereotypical characterstics of judgers what with planning, decisive, sticking to things etc.]  


"Oh that sounds right"  


Me: "And perceivers tend to want to keep their options open, and are more comfortable making things up on the spot and wingi...." 


Her: "Nah. Me ain't have time for that. Not me. Alright I got it." 


She "seems" intuitive, because she's strange, has weird ideas and likes discussing it, but is actually sensor. I started re-observing her after the tests (because I was shocked her S score was that high, seemed weird for an N type to do so). Turns out, she's more likely to be ESTJ than ENTJ. 


With the exception of an INTJ, she's the person I feel most comfortable going full conceptual on.  &gt; honestly ESFJs are like much bitchier and manipulative and dumb but at the same time you can play with their minds so easily and make them do what you want very easily  


The only part of this that tends to hold true is that it is kinda easy to make them do what you want (to an extent) 


&gt; ENFJs don't even realize when they're bitchy  


From the get go, that sounds like 4th feeling. Who is and isn't bitchy is one of the FIRST things on any Fe doms mind. Granted they aren't AS aware of how they're affecting the people around them as ESFJs are in my experience.  


The rest of this are a bit general and false, though I'll admit both tend to be conforming. I'm trying to understand why trying to find common ground and working with that is such a bad thing (maybe this is role Fe vs inf Fe talking but okay).&gt; why is goal drivenness immediately attributed to Te??  


It shouldn't be. There's a lot more to Te than that. Also being Te dom doesn't automatically give you "goals". (Think that stereotypical ESTJ whose main purpose is to maintain something).  


Goal drivenness is *more* Te than Fe though because while both enact plans to shape the outside world, using the outside world's measures... 


One is focused on objectives/tasks themselves (understanding that other's emotions, unity and all that feeler stuff is vital to accomplish goals where others are needed).  
The other is more focused on other's values and feelings (understanding that being useful, carrying out tasks, and working on common objectives makes affecting other people easier). 


The people focus of Fe doesn't lend itself *as* naturally to "goal-drivenness". People, their needs, values, concerns and all that Fe vision stuff gets in the way of "goals". What you find however is that Fe doms come in a close second, whether it is to affect how they are perceived, gain a better position to affect others, or just a value they acquired and live by, they'll be very driven and hardworking, with clear goals in mind. And often Fe's dominance in their life will make them do so anyway (read: strongly involved in other's lives (helping others/socializing/manipulating etc.))  


**Goals and Te are like:**  
Data -&gt; Goal -&gt; Plan -&gt; Action/Enforcement -&gt; Outcome.  


**Goals and Fe are like:**  
People's Feelings -&gt; Understanding people's needs -&gt; Data -&gt; Moar feelings here -&gt; Goal -&gt;  People's Feelings -&gt; Plan -&gt; Action/Encouragement -&gt; Outcome -&gt; Expected Feelings.  


Get it? lolPersonally speaking, I think functions are a simplification of human thought, and feeling is a sorta complex thing anyway. I am pulling reference to the Fe doms I know, compared to the Te doms and how they approach life in general.  


But precisely where do you find fault in my statements? Do you have information or evidence or anecdotes to contradict it? Or do you just dislike it?   


Also do you agree with the main point here that Te doms tend to be *more* focused on their goal itself? Or do you believe Fe doesn't affect their goal focus at times? If so why? 


(I know that each individual is different so Fe doesn't mean EVERY EXFJ isn't as narrowed in on objectives and goals (because I can think of one who sorta is), but I am of the opinion that on average, particularly in comparison to EXTJs, they'll be a little less narrowed in on goals and objectives)  


EDIT: Also if you think I'm bashing Fe doms. I am not. Or at least that is not the intention. We (Fe doms and Te doms) simply think differently. We have a similar outlook on life, but care about different things. We have different strengths, different weaknesses and different distractions. (weaknesses get further differentiated when you add that N and S variable into the equation). EXTJs aren't perfect goal machines, we have functionally attributed distractions too. The thing is. By comparison being less focused on persons themselves gives us a bit more focus on goals, and makes us less likely to alternate them, or pause to accommodate others   


Metaphorically. EXXJs are running a marathon. Both want to reach the finish line. EXTJs want to reach the finish line first, ideally in record time. An EXFJ wants to enjoy the run and ensure that people have (most times) a good time. Yes most EXTJs don't want everyone to cry and would rather people enjoy the thing, and yes EXFJs would like to finish first and go down in history as the fastest runner, but there is a difference in focus.If you define ensuring that other people are affected in a desirable way (desirable of course being defined by the Fe user) as a goal in and of itself, i suppose you can say Fe doms are as "goal focused". If not... Then you have some reading to do...


&gt; I don't see how Te is more focussed than Fe  


You are excluding the word goal here which is why you don't see it. Te isn't more "focused", it's more "goal focused". Fe is "more" focused than Te if we were talking about "people focus". One is not inherently better, there's just a difference in focus (there are a fuckton of differences but this is the relevant one)


&gt; it's thinker bias on your part  


Perhaps. Though I think I am doing the best i can at being unbiased. I don't equate being Te dom to being superior to anyone (Some really could go jump off a cliff and die, make the world a better (and ironically more efficient) place.)  


&gt; you are operating on the assumption that caring about people impedes progress, which is frankly quite an immature   


First off. I dislike the word "progress" there. It implies that accomplishing objectives is the primary, or only form of progress there is. Not the case, at least not by my standards. However as a rule of thumb, assuming that you have competence and actual focus, what you spend the most time on is what you'll make the most progress on. It's not an immature statement, it's a correct one if you don't talk about it on a case by case basis, because there are times where that won't be the case, e.g. your hypothetical... Which lemme address one time....  


&gt; how many times have you seen a competent Te user fail or hated because of their poor people skills?  


Actually.... The majority of failings due to poor people skills that crossed my mind were IXTJs. But yes I have seen this happen a few times to Te doms as well. Here is my take on it. If you failed because of your people skills, you may have a talent or skill, but as a Te user in your particular situation you are incompetent. A good/mature Te user would either learn to manage people and emotions better, or at least delegate it to someone who can. Being hated however... Is little concern w/regards to goal drivenness unless being loved/not hated is the goal... Which rarely is the case for Te doms. (I am aware of how being hated CAN adversely affect progress though. Like that EXTJ middle manager that can't get a promotion because no one likes him. Again as a competent Te user, you should be aware of that and operate to suit).  


&gt; exfjs get shit done because they don't have an army of ppl wanting to take them down  


In real life, the same could be said about many extjs. I have like maybe 2 people who periodically want to take me down. My ESTJ verification officer has enemies, but they don't stop her from achieving her goals. Actually... come to think of it. With the exception of my ESTJ supervisor, most Te doms i know don't have that many enemies trying to bring them down. And I know some REAL assholes. Even in my ESTJ supervisor's case, no one *really* tries to sabotage her or bring her down, and her ruthless upholding of the rules and "the correct way of doing things" has her higher-ups involving her in multiple projects in my company (THANK GOD). The extroverted nature of most Te doms usually keeps them pleasant and well behaved (within the confines of reason, even if they can be harsh task masters at times).  


&gt; because 99% of the time personality and people manipulation is what it takes to succeed.  


Sorta... That's like the major battle. Don't wish to be too pedantic, but you still have to organize them effectively after you win them over. 


&gt; it doesn't take time for them either because it just comes easily 


When I said "And often Fe's dominance in their life will make them do so anyway (read: strongly involved in other's lives (helping others/socializing/manipulating etc.))", that is precisely what I meant. 


&gt; Both are focussed  


Yes.  


&gt;  just rely on different tools (manipulation of data vs manipulation of people)  


There is a reason for that. We value different things. Te doms do not value Fe itself. For them, Fe is a tool to use in order to accomplish tasks/objectives. The focus is on the task/objective itself has been my main point. As for Fe doms, they do not value Te. In their hands Te is used in order to accomplish Fe desires, such as affecting people (usually helping people), or at least affecting how people perceive them. Tasks and objectives are secondary to this.  


You cannot argue against this. There is a point where an EXFJ will redefine or at least halt a task when it shows that it'll affect people in an adverse way (something they keep tabs on for the most part). While an EXTJ in such a situation would disregard it and deem it irrelevant, continuing to trample on people in pursuit of said task. I ain't saying it's better in general, I'm saying that in the context of goal drivennesss, Te doms are more focused on the GOAL itself."Which type is the most virtuous one?"  


"Which type is it the most people strive for to become"  


"What's your personal virtue".  


In English (at least to the limit of my mental capacity) these seem to be 3 somewhat unrelated questions. One of these unanswerable without an extensive survey (which in itself would have too many issues to be feasible/reliable.)&gt; you're not getting it. influencing people to get on top and influencing people IN AND OF ITSELF ARE goals
you define goal very narrowly in a Te-based sense. getting on top being boss or whatever bullshit. Getting riches or whatever.
both have the same or different goals but very different, but equally efficient tools. therefore it's ridiculous to me why you so fervently want to prove it is FACT that Te is more goal focussed than Fe  


You say this. But then I said...  


&gt; If you define ensuring that other people are affected in a desirable way (desirable of course being defined by the Fe user) as a goal in and of itself, i suppose you can say Fe doms are as "goal focused". If not... Then you have some reading to do...  


LITERALLY the first thing i said in my last response.  


&gt; influencing people to get on top and influencing people IN AND OF ITSELF ARE goals  


If that is the basis of what you're saying, then yes what you're saying would make sense and be 100% correct, but when you do that, you dilute the meaning of goal drivenness. THAT definition of goal drivenness would be applicable to almost anyone. You're gonna be able to describe INTPs as goal driven as exploring ideas and searching for greater understanding IN AND OF ITSELF are also goals.  


&gt; no point carrying this conversation really  


Sad really. You've yet to even address my points, but I have addressed yours. Maybe I'm defining goals narrowly yes, though for goal driven I'm using the typical way people define goal driven at large. But because what I am saying isn't nice and isn't "OMG Guys, everyone is equal in every way! I love Fe doms &lt;3", you disagree. Cool.It's okay bro. I had a feeling so. I do wish I could understand what you were saying, because I can tell that lost in translation is a pretty good question. You'll probably end up with the same problems for question one and two though.IXXXI don't know how other ENTJs would go about it. I generally like to have an idea/central theme to work around first. Then I'd want to figure out how I'd want the theme to play out. 


&gt; What kind of language, words would they use?

Kind of language would depend on the impact I would wish to have. Same with words. I'd pull from my vocabulary based on what impact I think the words would have. It really depends on what I'm trying to do.  


&gt; What would it be about?  


Literally depends on what the purpose of the poem is. For example I wanted to give you an ENTJ's poem as an example so I slapped together one for you. I decided it'd be about me.... Forgive me if it's a bit cheesy. 



**My poem**  


And there the emperor stood amongst the masses, ready to trample his foes,    
He carved himself an empire, a land to call his own,   
He declared to all who would hear him, that he’d sit upon his throne,      
And all who heard believed him, he’d have his legacy on stone,      
The emperor looked to the place, he thought to call his own,    
Ensuring that he kept his sight, upon his royal goals,  
He saw a path, o rugged trail, o tantalizing road,   
But upon making his first steps, he fell into a hole,   
And underground, he found darkness, no direction to go,    
No vision of his noble kingdom, no crown which to behold,    
A woe that he can never express, or share cuz truth be told,    
The emperor cannot cry for a kingdom, that never was his own.
I think I can tell when I am friends with introverts (literally all my friends are introverts. Not one extrovert in sight. Family too. Just got one ENFP cousin and an extroverted INTP).  


Problem is getting to that point where I can text them personal shit and not get blocked by them (also not a fan of telling anyone personal shit anyway lol).&gt; Make sure it's clear you actually like me and you're not just talking to me to be polite or leading me on/making fun of me.  


Great advice.  


&gt; I like to be included. Invite me to events or just ask me to hang out   


Doesn't that get annoying though? If so, how does one make the constant invites less annoying?  


&gt; If I do turn down your invitation, don't act mad or frustrated (even though it can be really frustrating if I've turned down the last five invitations to hang out).  


... I can already feel my blood boiling, but I understand this is the price I must pay for gaining introverts.  


Thanks for the good response.This is something I practice... Or at least try to. It's difficult not to bring it up when it's literally one of the only things you know about them.  


When/how do you think bringing up an introverts quietness/shyness/lack of speech is appropriate?&gt; Would you say you can comfortably let silence be silence without feeling the urge to cut through it with nonsense?  


Yes. I have a huge urge to cut the silence, but almost never with nonsense. Sometimes I'll settle for nonsense if it's a lady I'm interested in though and nothing comes to mind of importance/significance... it's a desperation tactic when the only other option is to give up...Well first off, great response. (And don't worry, I know about introvert limitations, again like i've said before, all my friends and family are introverts.)   


&gt; "introverts, here's what I wish you knew about talking to and connecting to extroverts." 


I would as well. But I don't think I'm the right guy to answer that question. What I would say about you and I though. We seem to have the same problems, just in your case it's worse. So I'd say "just remember we're a lot like you, but for us it's not that big a deal so you can relax".  


EDIT: Assumed your gender.I wrote "man". But when I made the edit I thought "this is probably a female anyway".&gt; A lot of people I know are really goofy and while a lot of people seem to find talking in weird voices, constantly quoting movies, or making the same inside joke for the 812th time to be funny, I just don't. I don't get it and I never have.  


With the exception of quoting movies, we're on the same page.  


&gt;  introverts generally get overwhelmed by really fast-moving conversation and they need time to reflect because they don't want to say the wrong thing. Give them time to formulate a good response to your question and slow the conversation down a notch.  


Top notch advice. It'll take effort, i got that ENTJ need for a quick rapid response... Probably does add to effort required to talk to me. I'll keep this in mind.&gt; Yes, it does.  


I have a rule. Avoid asking ISTJs the same question more than twice unless absolutely necessary, don't worry.I got 66% on the test here. Thanks for the list.  


One thing though (An error i think I fall prey to easily)  


&gt; Help me succeed in my goals or at the least be genuinely happy for me when I succeed.  


Any display of joy I try to do "seems fake", but more importantly, helping someone succeed in their goals is virtually a program that I have running full time, any general tips for not getting TOO involved/too invasive with it? My modus operandi is legitimately to attempt to skip to that part ASAP, not appreciated by many introverts.&gt; So when I talk about something I deem important, it's not necessarily "Let's use this to win"   


Yeah. There's the disconnect right there. "Let's use this to win" is like 75% of my thoughts. It gets even stronger when I'm in "work mode". The only time I'll talk about something that isn't for the purpose of "winning" or "working", is to talk about something that indirectly affects it, like someone being in a bad mood, or maybe trying to spark up a conversation with someone that I can win with in the future. (If I have come across an intriguing world view shifting idea recently such as MBTI did, I'll shift in to a bit more of a  casual mode and discuss it with anyone i feel i can discuss it with) 


&gt;  Like I want my ideas to be understood enough to be appreciated by their "T" instead of avoided by it.  


I hear your pain. Best advice I can give you is... If you can't change his world view, at least tell the ENTJ something useful. Maybe discuss his projects and stuff. 9/10 he'll keep it brief (Te's need for efficiency and 4th Fis need to ensure you don't get too deep and has to talk about the ENTJs feelings), but if it's a complex and interesting enough project... Maybe it might work. Despite my apparent plea for advice on making friends, we ENTJs are known for keeping a small circle, preferring a larger network of not so personal acquaintances, so he/she mightn't really accept your advances anyway. Be warned.  

&gt; it's just it would be a lot better in my opinion if the bigger picture is looked at, perspective is changed, and we got to choose "Most interesting" path every time.


Ironically I wouldn't doubt if that ENTJ felt the similarly.   


Being said, for me....  


&gt; an ENTJs dissent kind of hurts because of how "T" they are.  


I think this is a key issue that I may have to resolve.   


Also ime, i do really well with INTPs in a one-on-one setting, though the general endearing nature that they tend to have eventually feels unsettling in a casual "no one's mind is being challenged" setting, so at some point i try to get "the upper hand" and leave if we aren't in a match of wits, or great discussion.   


INTPs in a group setting though? Never. Not I. Especially not in a casual/not useful way. I'm coming for information and instruction purposes only. They tend to make me look stupid what with their soft spoken questioning and flaw finding, and and i either back off or lash back. The more INTPs in the room, the worse the effect is.I haven't read this yet but I'm favouriting, bookmarking, and in general saving this.&gt; Introverts want to feel included  


Flips my world upside down to be honest. It works against almost anything i thought before, but then i look at my friends, beyond the complaints, concerns and raised eyebrows when the thought of interacting with strangers, talking in general, and "going outside" and i realize with the exception of my ISTJ friend (who would rather people honestly fuck off for now), they do. I legit try NOT to bring introverts in so that they can get their alone time. Guess with this information I'll have to use an "invitation with a good opportunity to decline" approach.  


&gt; Keep inviting even if declined.  


My ISTJ friend advised me many moons ago that if someone doesn't accept your invite/advances, they aren't interested so stop. I'm beginning to think considering the number of upvotes the top comment has, that introversion makes the invitation accepting process a bit more complex than that. Maybe it's an IXTJ thing, but even that would be a dangerous generalization, so even with IXTJs i'll evaluate it on a case by case basis.  


&gt; ENTJs dissent kind of hurts because of how "T" they are.  


Something i was aware of, but i hadn't considered the importance of, I can't promise I'll stop that (i won't), but for people i consider worth it, I'll give it a shot.  


&gt; approach an introvert and converse with intent and interest  


Intent is something I knew introverts would like. *interest* however i thought was something most of you would try to avoid, maybe I'll be more blatant with my interest in them from now.  


&gt; Give them time to formulate a good response to your question and slow the conversation down a notch.  


A HUGE thing about me is a speak fast and expect fast responses and interpret delayed responses as both inefficient (can't discuss as much as we can if you're spending time thinking instead of letting me know what you're thinking) and a lack of interest. (I usually don't get this probably thinking with INTXs thinking about it because they tend to immediately say "Well...", "Hmm..", or some other pretentious ass "I'm thinking" term as a prelude to them gathering their thoughts, so i know they're involved and trying to find a response). Long story short. Gotta stop pressing introverts for a quick response.  


&gt; The correct response to this is to stare with a look on your face that conveys annoyance at their insanity, and maintain that for an awkward amount of time, and then just turn around and walk away without saying a word.  


an ISTJ that hates people really hates people.&gt; I'm really confused! What am I missing?   


You're missing a few things.   


* How I got those friends.  


* How willing I am to ask them this question.  


* How helpful their responses are.  


* The power of multiple opinions by anonymous persons compared to the opinions of a few people.  


I technically have kept one friend that I personally made. he's an ISTJ. I used to have an INTJ friend as well but when the ISTJ stole his girl, i ended up having to stick with one of them. I chose the ISTJ. All of my "friends" are whatever survived of my ISTJ's culling of his circle of friends. They (for his peace of mind) happen to be all introverts (except for me of course, and he thought I was an introvert too.) And befriending that ISTJ was more of a result of continuously working together, attending the same classes and playing the same games together. Friendship was virtually unavoidable. So I have made only THREE introverted friends (There was an INFP in the mix long ago but he fell way off the grid when the depression hit and between that and his controlling ESFJ mother, it's virtually impossible to get him back out into the world, God bless his soul.) and they have all been circumstances where we've been forcibly placed next to each other until we learned to tolerate each other lol. 


When it comes to my friends, I'd feel comfortable talking to like only one of them about this (I have), the rest of them I'd rather not have a "how to make friends" discussion with. Tbh, it'll probably look pathetic and that could lead to more personal talk which i desire not to entertain with them.  


As for usefulness, my INFJ friend is very hit or miss. She's 10% insightful, 20% ditzy/doubting and 70% tired. So i have a specific gameplan for a specific scenario, and "it depends". If the specific scenario ever does come around and I care about the introvert I'm guaranteed a friend I guess, other than that, not much use.  


Assuming my friends were great at advice and I felt willing to talk to them about this (and they could give more specific tips since they know me), I'd still only have like 3 or 4 opinions when i could get many more perspectives.   


Besides, in addition to being good information for me, it's also a decent topic of discussion because a few extroverts here would like to know and a few introverts would want to give advice to help us extroverts not fuck over other introverts.&gt; I know I'm doing a bad job explaining this but really depends on the situation, skip this whole part maybe.  


You might be. But it's good enough for me sister. Thanks.[Well first of all I don't think the idea is that far fetched if I can pull this from from r/INFJ](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/52abyl/adolf_hitler_infj/)  


Honestly, at the surface level of stereotypology, we'd sooner type Hitler as an ENTJ. In fact as a youngster I looked up to Hitler when all I knew was that he led a nation in a war against America AND Russia (before I knew about the holocaust, concentration camps, the racism, Benito Mussolini, Hitler's stupid plan to betray Russia by taking a Turkey bound force into fucking RUSSIAN WINTER, Germany's power at the time). Nothing about Hitler innately seems to follow INFJ stereotypes. Do you honestly think so many people typing him INFJ came about as joke/idiot who thought "so dramatic, must be INFJ" while everyone else just agreed like sheep? To the point where r/INFJ acknowledges that there is a strong possibility he might be an INFJ? Seems odd.  


I won't lie, the thought of Hitler being an INFJ is amusing, but i doubt people believe he is an INFJ because believing it is amusing. ISFP would be a more amusing fit anyway (and it would stereotypically fit better since ISFPs are stereotyped as artists (my mother hates art btw)) What do you enjoy doing? What do you do to relax? Just lie down and watch TV? If I have something more specific to work with (like what you do for work/what you're studying/how you've tried to relax/how that has worked out/why you think this is a problem) then I can tailor better advice for you.  


Also what about friends/close family? Don't they do anything you find at least interesting? Also what's your take on the less... goody two shoes forms of recreation like weed/drinking?  


At this point before you give me information, I think working out/carrying your friends/co-workers for drinks is a pretty good way to relax. Why?  


* Working out will ACTUALLY burn you out and force you to relax (Source: experience. I don't even feel guilty cuz I'm increasing my lifespan, attractiveness and usefulness)   


* Drinks with friends. Doesn't require that hardcore focus attention and perfection that'll mentally drain you. Once you know what kind of drinkers you're hanging out with (the ones that just "go for drinks" aka just buy like 2 or 3 beers for the sake of drinking alcohol vs those you want to get flat out wasted, and all the in betweens) if you're willing to match that, or support that (your wasted friends will need a driver, something I'm sure you won't mind doing even if you hate how worthless some of them are during the whole ordeal), it'll be some time off, while also strengthening your connections, possibly gain you more connections (again, know your limit, and what you can and can't be seen doing. Don't wanna fuck up a chance to meet someone that'll advance your career cuz they saw you acting like a dead drunk fuckwad).  


Also sex if it's an option. Use protection.&gt; I'd rather be on an island, in a hammock, drinking umbrella drinks - party all night, sleep all day. Lots of booze and lobster...  


As a guy with those options. Half of them cost money. All of them gets boring and pointless after a while too.I'm MUCH more forgiving and patient when it comes to incompetence.  


Also a bit more conflict avoidant. Also much MUCH goofier.We'll trade. You come to my island for a bit, and I'll run your company for a week. I'm an ENTJ. You can trust me.That's a common song ENTJs sing (maybe not the same day, but pretty quickly)Honestly, it doesn't matter. People need to remember the shortcomings that come with each type. If you're point is to cry to us then fine, but the people who are mistyping are going to continue to do that, especially when we keep subtly implying NJ types are better for any reason.&gt; **If "Si=settling down", and "Se=always changing" then wouldn't that make Si better than Se at nearly EVERYTHING?**  


This question is very Ti based, which brings me to my first point, We all use all 8. Now... more pertinently...  


Se itself lends a strength that Si doesn't innately. Risking oversimplifying Se, there are three important key points about Se  


* objective awareness of your surroundings (seeing things for what they are)  


* The possible opportunities around you (in terms of things you could do, not what things could be)  


* A drive to pursue the desirable ones.  


So innately it means that SPs tend to miss out on a lot less opportunities than SJs. High Si tends to zero in on some routines, some ideas, some courses of action. and low Ne tends to reject others, especially when it's too different or untested. The end result, they miss out on a LOT of things they would have valued. They never tried "that new method", they never saw "that epic concert". Not to mention that low Ne looks like a very torturous function to have (which will come with Si).   


Third point, which is a little removed from functions, but logically, conjecturally and anecdotally speaking... SP users are more comfortable and adept at jumping into something new (without some list/guideline/structure in place), reacting to their environment and often succeed in that kinda situation where SJs don't. With the exception of the very extroverted ESTJs (Which btw, is a can of worms in and of itself with that HEAVY TE and extra inferior Fi), the reaction I get from most SJs in a new environment or sudden task is panic, anxiety and a rush to hunker down and protect themselves. While SPs tend to move on almost like it's business as usual and react more appropriately. It's because XSXPs tend to jump into things more and gain experience with dealing with that sorta thing.


So, pros and cons. I think it's becoming harder to be an SJ in this dynamic world though. Even definitions seem to change like the seasons.[Se.. A better fucking explanation](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4tx9b5/se_a_better_fucking_explanation/)Well you won't have to worry, plenty of ISFPussy for you.Sure.Well I kinda relate.  


I really don't mind slip ups that much, mistakes happen, losses and failures are inevitable, I ain't perfect either. Who the fuck am I to EXPECT that from others? Pursue it, strive for it, but it won't happen. To me losses/slip ups are an opportunity to get up and be better, though for the first minute I'll be angry/sad. 


To get me to go all scoldy on you, I have to tell you to do something, you decide not to do it, and it causes our loss. And I do my very best to focus only on our actions and their consequences and stay away from personal insults or attacks.  


As for the events not materializing as planned thing, it's again the feeling of wasted effort, and it often is because someone didn't care enough to do their part, or people decided to full on flake. I expect anyone to get angry in that situation, whether they show it or not. My whole thing in a situation like that is to remember the purpose of the event and whether getting pissed off and scolding people works towards or against said purpose. Most of this is valid, one thing I'd say though.  


&gt; It isn't a complete solution, but bringing up their actions in a calmer situation can help them be more mindful. There probably needs to be some give and take (i.e. be willing to listen to their advice and put it into action later on), but they are pretty willing to listen, **especially if they understand the concrete effects their frustration has on someone's ability to perform.**  


Bolded that part cuz it's super important. In most situations though, it's probably for the best you determine whether or not it's worth co-operating with that Te dom or just finding something else to do. Many Te doms will go "why the fuck do I have to baby you guys?" or "suck it up and just do what you're supposed to". 


Maturer ones (especially ones that need you, or care about you) might make adjustments, but coming to a Te dom with an emotional critique is likely to give you a defensive/offensive reaction. ENTJ: I swear to God if I didn't need you guys...This makes me laugh, I'm not gonna lie.This I enjoyed reading.&gt; I think it was an INFP or INFJ 


And it gets even better.Well he's your conflict type so *Shrug*I only met one that I'm certain is an ENTJ. He's a regular customer that passes through where I work. Whenever we meet, it's a steady handshake followed by philosophical discussion. He's like in his 60's/70's but he isn't a CEO or anything, just like a mid-level manager or something. 


We always try to one up each other with philosophy or advice, which to me is kinda hilarious. Especially when one of us "wins", and then we do that nod like "Alright man, this one is yours", and then when we head back home we come back with rebutals for our last points.  


Really refreshing, I wish i could meet more ENTJs in the future, if they're anything like that guy.Neither. One is a wildcard, the other is a vicious beast.The ESTJs I've experienced."...And?" (Usually in response to an insufficient answer)  
&gt; self-selection ratio for that type — i.e., the ratio of the forum percentage to the general population percentage.&gt; For example if I had an instagram account I would only post 5 high quality, aesthetically pleasing pictures. Where most people just spam 500 pictures of GARBAGE. Half the time I look at people's social media I just imagine deleting all their shitty ass pictures lmfAo. I would also need an amazing caption to go with the picture I'm posting. Basically I'm very specific about posting amazing things. Is this Se?  


No at best this is introversion.&gt; That might just be the Fi deciding to give a fuck about a particular project   


That's it exactly in your example, Te (not Fi) is doing the being in charge and organizing and what not.  


&gt; but the second it's time for some inane task like clean up, it turns into "who cares?" Te won't hit that wall.  


And that my dear friend is Fi &gt; TeI wish I was an ESTP, you guys seem to run into the best anti-sensor comments. This isn't as funny as "You're XSXX, so your opinion is invalid" but it's a good runner up.&gt; What should I do if I have an IQ of 271 


..............


&gt; *What should I do* if I have an *IQ of 271*?  



..............


&gt; ***What should I do***     



&gt; ***IQ of 271***  


You have an IQ of 271, but still need to ask plebs like us what to do?  


&gt; What is Ni really? 


Guess.&gt; Si: needs to be familiar with a sensation, so that they can recall that sensation to do the exact same thing again in the present.   


Not quite. It's not what Si is, and it's not quite what makes an XSXJ an XSXJ anyway.I can write paragraphs to further elaborate my original comment. And I shall if you're willing to read it and keep an open mind.  



I can also provide another simplified explanation for you if you wish. I have a decent understanding of Si. Si is my weakest point, and my best friend's (ISTJ) most prominent function.I find your lack of promise to keep an open mind disturbing lol.


I'll edit this reply into a response later when I have the time  (within the next 3 or 9 hours)  


Edit as promised: 


Okay... First thing to note is that Si is an *introverted* and *perceiving* function. Si itself doesn't lend to any action. But i won't nitpick because Si usually works in tandem with extroverted judgement functions which does lend to actions. That's why i said that recalling *to do the exact same thing* isn't Si.  


The most concise description of Si i can come up with is.... "Internal impressions of the observable". Still off. Any short description of Si will leave an important point out. I think the real important function or way Si operates is that it not just observes it's surroundings, but develops impressions of it. *This does help with recall though as Si types tend to be affected by their surroundings more than other types*. This is because of the link [between emotions and memories](https://www.psychologistworld.com/emotion/emotion-memory-psychology). Si is not memory, recall or it's associated by-products *itself*. I mean, I was gonna give you a "core points of Si" and I instantly remembered that you were the ISFP i wrote [3 key points of Se for](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6aue46/si_vs_se_tell_me_something_i_dont_know/dhi8jrr/). I have PolR Si. I remember it because i'm getting the exact same feeling i did back when i gave you that list, but that feeling isn't tied to any observed impression, in my case it was tied to a projection (blame it on the Ni).  


Si simply builds an internal impression over time, based on observations and connections. Over time this often builds up into standards, with lots of data to make comparison to. Very often in order to get an impression of an object, you have to determine how an object affects you, and how that object (or objects like it) has affected you and affected others. (This is where the Si users "look to the past" thing comes from). It's through understanding of these impressions AND the associated recall that standards come to be. And it's the combination of these standards and recall that causes XSXJs to act as they typically do. xSxJs aren't looking to the past in order to repeat their actions (unless based on their observations that is what they should do). They are affected by their impressions of objects and thus form actions based on it (Aka the role of Je in their lives). 


They will repeat actions as exactly as they can if repeating actions exactly comes easily (that is they can remember how to, which is made more likely due to the afforementioned effect) AND their impressions give them the belief that it is the right thing to do. (normally appears as "is proven to work" with XSTJs and "is the right thing to do" with xSFJs)   


Compare that to me with virtually no Si. I legitimately feel like i have zero mental space for "small stuff". I am kinda aware of my surroundings, but I am not inclinded to think about it. Having to do so is actually sorta painful. Often necessary, but painful. It does lead to terrible recall since most details just sorta "ZIP" fly passed me. But I do (Just like ESTJs) like me a good structure. I am willing to come up with plans/tasks and stick to them, but my impressions are built up with Ni (which I am not gonna even try to describe) rather than Si. I have "standards", but they're rarely tied to the observable.  


You'll realize that as you read all of this that [muscle memory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muscle_memory) has little to do with Si itself. Editted: Sorry for the delay.I tried to convey what Si "is" so that you could see that Si and muscle memory are different things.


Muscle memory is the brain rewiring itself after repeatedly doing a task so that it takes less conscious thought to do. 


That has nothing to do with impressions, recall, standards or most of Si.  


The only link between muscle memory and Si is that thinking about doing a task also helps improve muscle memory and they are the people most likely to relive tasks mentally.  


I guess another link is that because of xSxJs stereotypical behavior, they are more likely to repeat tasks.  


Tl;Dr muscle memory and Si are distinct things and Si *maybe* helps with muscle memory at best ENTJ - Achieve anything you set your mind to but never be able to enjoy itI thought I'd waste my time reading this.  


I was right.I have a list. Expect it this weekend actually.  


In the interim this is *my* theme song and it's pretty ENTJ


[Ain't No Half Steppin By Big Daddy Kane](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2l2O-JOXG_I)Nothing like finding time to think, and disqualifier words to undo a statement If I had to guess I'd go INTJ. Wouldn't be out of the ordinary to see one do thatDear observateur-sensible.  


Do try not to get salty with regards to comments and responses to your statements on the internet (and on reddit (and in a INTx sub)) 


Granted I'm "A is C"ing you to make this comment, but I'm aware of it. 


To answer your question, people often "assume things that you never said or meant" if something gives them an impression that doesn't align with your words, or that reveal something to them based on your words that makes sense to them. Intuition gives good room for "unseen impressions". But I noticed that Fi doms do it too. Fe doms as well (or should i say especially?). 


In your posted example I think (Granted this is more "A is C"ing again) that 


1) that particular "INTP" got offended by the implication that Alt righters are INTP  


2) He already had a bias against you as an xSxP   


3) Your "Wealth" argument fed into his already established bias (see point 2), which then further fueled his disdain from you (which origniated from point 1)  


And I'm sorry, when an "INTP" goes for an ad hominem attack that lasts more than 2 sentences, I know either that the person isn't likely to be an INTP, or the INTP is purposefully trying to trigger you (In which case, it looked like it worked and you're just solidifying his victory by maintaining your salt levels)
I did not know ISFPs were capable of understanding...


/s of course most can, they're fucking human beings.  It's less likely... LESS 



Come on, you're a sensor, feeler, Fi dom... you should know how ridiculous stereotypes get when taken to extremes XDAll this is well and dandy, but it refutes nothing I said.  I'm a simple guy, you ask a question, you get an answer.  


The more I read is the more I see the intp in you, but also the more I think you might be INTJ. Difference is  despite my "wisdom" here, my very same insight tells me I can't claim either INTP or INTJ as fact 


The more I read from you is also the more I think you were trying to trigger this ISFP  (not that I give that much of a fuck if you were, like I'd rather you not but I can't and won't stop you lol). 


The point about ad hominem attacks 


&gt; (of an argument or reaction) directed against a person rather than the position they are maintaining.



(Google's definition fyi) Is that it's not that common with INTPs in my experience. The theoretical Ti dom removes bias and fallacies as much as he/she can. Normally I get "you're stupid", "you don't make any sense". Small offensive quips. It's not very INTP to start going on about calling people furniture mid argument with a tirade about the values of a person and how insightful they are. 


Granted it's an assumption but based on this INTP don't tirade rule, you're not INTP, or you've made exception to that rule to trigger for your various reasons. 



Actually... tell me where I was wrong.  I'd love to know. 
Well now you know (though based on this INTP's responses to me, it would seem that the offended premise was wrong, but there was an attempt to trigger you. You need to look out for these lol... )I work with an ESTJ. 


The answer? The ISFP.[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMgsAD3D948)You may not have understood the big picture here with this song but with your ability to notice details I missed out on like the Golion reference, we're gonna do great.&gt;all of you saying "I don't get angry easily but if I do you best move to another continent cause I get so big and bad you're gonna need therapy for the rest of your life" - stop it. 


THANK YOUI'd expect it if I was good. It's further conformation of that fact, and I'd be glad to be the one to start a new trend. 


I'd be pissed only IF that meant competition (like copying business ideas or something)Yeah, okay. Stop trying to impress him. Most you can do is talk to your mom about it in a non-whiny way. Other than that just keep doing good at whatever you're doing. Eventually he might butt out, especially if you're old enough to make your own decisions.Anyone else noticed it's only the ENXJ subs that say no porn?r/ENFJ's rules 


&gt; On topic  

&gt; **No gore and/or porn**  

&gt; Civil   

&gt; No low effort posts (They don't like fun)


r/ENTJs rules  


&gt; Be civil  

&gt; **No porn**  

&gt; Mods have the right to be completely and inconsistently arbitrary (They admitted that they are too lazy to make a bunch of rules of what they don't want on their sub but still want order)  


The other 14 types don't have "No porn" rules explicitly stated, just us Aux Ni, Tert Se users.I can't say. Anything I come up with seems like bullshit, and I would not have thought up a no porn rule, and I doubt we need it. I never thought about posting/viewing porn on r/ENTJ... like if that's a thing to do xD.  


The most non bullshit answer I got is "coincidence" or "we would want to promote meaningful discussion  (being Extroverted and NJs) and porn is like... the opposite of that" but.... I don't buy it. Maybe someone else is willing to tryNeed more information, and maybe wonder if you know about cognitive functions. Some questions... 


&gt;  the closest to me on this planet say I'm an introvert! 


Any idea why? What behaviors do you display that make them think you're an introvert, and what are the underlying reasons for these behaviors?  


&gt; friends and coworkers think that I am extroverted 


Any idea why? What behaviors do you display that make them think you're an extrovert, and what are the underlying reasons for these behaviors?  


&gt;  I practically show all the P and J advantages and disadvantages 


What do you mean by this? If you expound on this it might help us discern which type describes you more accurately.  


&gt;  -Easily angered. -Dismissive of ideas and people who state them. -Always looking for the next big thing and connecting ideas - Might look back and ask "what/why"  


These are closer to ENTJ stereotypes than ENTP stereotypes.   
*On a side note, being easily angered is not a good thing, I do recommend you evaluate what this does to you, your loved ones, persons in general, your opportunities and decide if/how you think you should address this.*  


&gt; Very driven. I'm routinely called a natural leader and managed a team at a young age. - High standards. Even if I don't achieve my goals, I get angry and eventually respond by throwing more effort and recourses. I do when to stop and move on and feel strongly towards failure.  


Also stereotypically ENTJ traits. 


&gt;Am I doing the test right?  


There's a whole lot that goes into to the theory that is MBTI that tests alone cannot resolve/describe. Cognitive functions is a good start (Are you an ENTP or ENTJ?, a.k.a. Are you an Ne dom or Te dom?) and you could also lurk around both subs (r/ENTP and r/ENTJ, see what kinds of people identify with the label. See how they think, compare and contrast. It might help you decide)That was my actual bucket list for a while. [I dropped the pyramid.](https://www.reddit.com/r/entj/comments/67opa1/fun_you_are_now_world_dictator_what_changes_would/dgst5vh/?context=3)Narcissism - 35th percentile  


Machiavellianism - 40th percentile  


Psychopathy - 9th percentile   


How the fuck is my psychopathy score this low? It's funny too because out of the three of these, I'm most likely to be a psychopath (not that I am...)This was a funny read. Not gonna lie.I suggest you don't take my word for it, but based on what you have posted thus far, I'm thinking you're more likely to be ENTJ than ENTP. Also your enneagram is probably 3w4 (if you believe in that/want to check it out). 


Improvement... idk... The only thing I can say is... try not to be dismissive of ideas and especially of the people who state them. That one is easier than any of your other flaws. 


You gotta be careful how/when  you do it. It's a good strategy sometimes for "holding the reigns of leadership" but most times you'll just piss people off, bringing resentment and disapproval from those around you. You have much more at your disposal if you have people that genuinely support you. Every time you dismiss an idea like that, you are potentially chipping away at that support.   
  
In addition it also allows you to perhaps get a new perspective on things if you entertain people's ideas. (I know it might be difficult to restrain your instinctual "that's BS" reaction. I go through a similar thing with my ESTJ coworker, but we entertain each others' nonsense and thus I can rely on him for support and vice versa). Also being a nice person is a good thing... You shouldn't be a cunt without reason. 

I also recommend that you seek therapy at some point, you've got to assess whether you need it or not, but it sounds like you could lol.&gt; Se grip: Dogs - Pink Floyd 


&gt; Recovering: Get Up, Get Out - Outkast 


Well man... I must say. I like your suggestions here much better than mine  (hammerfall felt like it missed the mark a bit). Dogs actually captures the.. idk... sorta depressing feeling I'm sure an Se grip is supposed to have. If only I knew of that song. 



I can see all these songs fitting around INTJ thought processes and well... You are INTJ. The only gripe I have is that So What's lack of words (while understandable in the context of introversion) lacks the descriptive quality I'm looking for.


And boy did I forget how long old songs used to last. Dogs alone could be a modern album lol. Not exactly my cup of tea, but i still appreciate it. Feels like it would be better as background music for me. 


Also I wasn't expecting Bob Marley to show up here. That was nice &gt; Ni: There was a cloud? Wow. I really should take the time to stop and notice these things.One tests as ENTJ and the other didn't have the patience to complete the test.Like many shows, it was good for a while, but eventually the quality dropped. Like Family Guy.Hahahahh.... I expected this comment. Explain your first paragraph here please. The sub goes in waves of watered down fads followed by quality content and the eventual good shitpost.Not really. It's more about stereotypes and similarities. 


Although there was an "ENTJ" who found out he was actually an ESTP on these boards a year ago. Can't remember the username. I've also found it difficult to get suspected Se doms to complete 16 personalities test. I only got 2 to do so thus far. Both were complaining and wanted to stop 20 questions in lolTo be honest, they just sound like bitter people who didn't get quite the best hand in life, and were unable to really do anything about it. A lot of what you describe though sounds like ISFP. While technically any type can do this, I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of them were INxJs. You underestimate how little an INFJ can give a fuck under the right circumstances.Lolrly? 


I don't blame you. We're very similar on the surface. Very different cognition wise, but oh so similar on the surface The one that's true.Rock and rap primarily. Not a fan of love songs, or anything too slow and soft. Yes, I've also heard similar sentiments from other Te doms. I have an STJ friend who kept pushing for my group to quit playing games and start exercising because he himself wanted to do that.What is a narcissist and how do INFJs qualify? It's annoying. Sometimes funny. Mainly annoying. I still do it from time to time for teh lulzTry to get proof, then inform as many people as possible.&gt; If you don't like it, I also have 


Sounds like if you're non-chalantly doing a presentation for your marketing team than warning people of their impending doom loliNtuitives don't get laidEveryone knows we aren't real iNtuitives, we just put the N in our label cuz it's a best fit. I actually read somewhere that ENTJs have a higher chance of heart problems or something like that. Which I don't doubt.r/isfpCan we stop this lolI want a better understanding of what it means to have inferior thinking. Ti and Te, and how it differs from having more prominent forms of Thinking (dom/aux)I am pretty sure I saw someone who identified as ESFJ once before here on these subs, but they're basically none existant. I've even seen ESTJs here (strangely I have only seen them post when there's some kind of test or STJ hate train going on), we even have some regular ESFP and ESTP personnel here.


  Considering that allegedly about 10-13% of us humans are ESFJs... What gives? Are they all just mistyping as ENFJs? Is there something about MBTI culture/these boards that repel ESFJs, or are ESFJs just of a nature that doesn't make them want to come here in first place, a nature so drastic, that the outliers are *that* scarce?Ahem. I've decided to type all the champions in League of Legends. It's a really long list (134 champions, 135 considering that Kindred has two entities with two different personalities).  


What I've done is taken a look at each champion's lore, quotes, and league judgements (where applicable) and tried to determine which cognitive functions they seem to primarily use. In cases where that was difficult (or down right impossible) I have admittedly slapped on stereotypes and tried to see if they would fit.   


Last but not least, in addition to the sixteen types, you'll see "Instinctual" . These are champions that I believe do not cognate similarly to humans (and don't use cognitive functions we do, such as feeling for example) , Whether that's because they are monsters (The Voidborn for example), machines (like Blitzcrank) or just... no longer mentally together (Like Dr. Mundo). However for any instinctual champions that seem to emulate or resemble a type, I've put that type in brackets next to instinctual. 


Feel free to contribute, dispute and ask questions. I'm willing to explain why I think each champion is their respective types (and even change my mind if it comes to that point lol). Without further ado... the list.  


Aatrox - Instinctual (ENFJ)  


Ahri - Instinctual (ESTP)  

 
Akali - ISTJ   


Alistar- ESTJ  


Amumu - INFP 


Anivia - INFJ 


Annie - Too young to type (ESFP)


Ashe - ENFJ 


Aurelion Sol - INTJ 


Azir - ENTJ 


Bard - Instinctual (ISTJ) 


Blitzcrank - Instinctual (ESFJ) 


Brand - Instictual (ESFP) 


Braum - ISFJ 


Caitlyn - ISTP 


Camille - ESTJ 


Cassiopeia - ENTJ 


Cho'Gath - Instinctual (ENTJ) 


Corki - ESTP


Darius - ENTJ 


Diana - INFJ


Dr. Mundo - Instinctual (ISTP before the experiments) 


Draven - ESTP

 
Ekko - ENTP 


Elise - ENTJ 


Evelynn - ISTJ 


Ezreal - ESTP 


Fiddlesticks - Instinctual


Fiora - ESTJ 


Fizz - ENTP 


Galio - ISFJ 


Gangplank - ESTJ 


Garen - ESTJ 


Gnar - Instinctual (ESFP)


Gragas - ENFP  


Graves - ISTP 


Hecarim - ENTJ 


Heimerdinger - INTP 


Illaoi - ENFJ  


Irelia - ISTJ 


Ivern - ESTJ

 
Janna - ISFJ


Jarvan - ESTJ 


Jax - ESTP 


Jayce - ENTP 


Jhin - ISFP 


Jinx - ESFP 


Kalista - Instinctual (ESTJ before the Ruination) 


Karma - INFJ 


Karthus - INFJ 


Kassadin - INTP 


Katarina - ESTP 


Kayle - ESTJ


Kennen - ENTP 


Kha'Zix - Instinctual (ISTP) 


Kindred (Lamb) - INFJ   

Kindred (Wolf) - ESTP 


Kled - ESTP 


Kog'Maw - Instinctual  


Le Blanc - INTJ 


Lee Sin - ISTP 


Leona - ESFJ


Lissandra - ENTJ 


Lucian - ISFJ


Lulu - INFP 


Lux - ESFJ 


Malphite - ISTJ 


Malzahar - Instinctual (INTJ) 


Maokai - ISTJ 


Master Yi - INTJ 


Miss Fortune - ESFP 


Mordekaiser - ESTJ 


Morgana - ENFP 


Nami - ENFJ 


Nasus - ISTJ 


Nautilus - ISTJ

 
Nidalee - ISFP 


Nocturne- Instinctual


Nunu - ENFP 


Olaf - ESFP 


Orianna - INTP 


Pantheon - ESTJ 


Poppy - ISTJ 


Quinn - ESTP

 
Rammus - Instinctual (ISTP)


Rek'sai - Instinctual 


Renekton - Instinctual (ESTJ before the madness kicked in) 


Rengar - ESTP 


Riven - ESTJ


Rumble - ENTP   


Ryze - ISTJ   


Sejuani - ESTJ   


Shaco - ENTP   


Shen - ISTP   


Shyvana - ESFJ  


Singed - INTP   


Sion - Instinctual (ESTJ before undeath, Still seems ESTJ when he has concious thoughts) 


Sivir - ENTJ   


Skarner - ESFJ   


Sona - ISFP   


Soraka - ISFJ   


Swain - INTJ   


Syndra - ENTJ   


Tahm Kench - Instinctual (ESFP)   


Taliyah - ISFJ   


Talon - ISTJ   


Taric - INFJ   


Teemo - ISTP   


Thresh - Instinctual (ISTJ before madness)  


Tristana - ENTP   


Trundle - ENTJ   


Tryndamere - ESTJ   


Twisted Fate - ESTP   


Twitch - ENTP   


Udyr - ISTJ   


Urgot - ESTJ  


Varus - ISTJ  


Vayne - ISTJ    


Veigar - ENTP    


Velkoz - Instinctual (INTP)    


Vi - ESTP   


Viktor - INTJ  


Vladmir - ENTJ  


Volibear - INTJ   


Warwick - Instinctual (ESTP)   


Wukong - ENFP   


Xerath - INTJ   


Xin Zhao - ISTJ   


Yasuo - ISTJ  


Yorick - ISFJ   


Zac - INFJ   


Zed - ENTJ   


Ziggs - ENTP   


Zilean - INFJ   


Zyra - ENTJ 


Cheers.So... I've seen a lot of sensor bashing and sensor praising here. I have also seen a lot of intuitive praising, but not a lot of intuition bashing. This is an injustice that I cannot idly stand by and observe. 


Trolls or not, recently I've seen people who have problems with the new president elect Donald Trump, claim that he has the problems that he has because he's a sensor (One claiming he's ESTJ, one claiming he's ESTP, regardless of the accuracy, both Si and Se got their fair share of inaccurate and insulting attacks)


So in the spirit of equality and recognition that every letter has it's weakness (even N ikr?) I have decided to roast each N type with the same way I have seen S types get it here. Feelers beware, you are not immune.  


&gt; INTJ 
 

"Blessed with great insight"    

"A true genius"    

"Just knows things"     

"Mastermind"  

“I’m open to ideas” yet so stubborn  

Masters of the A Priori Argument.    

The most close minded NT.  





“#BestType. Highest IQ”, but still useless. 


"Better than those filthy sensing ISTJs" yet they make the same amount of money (and probably achieve just as much as you)  


Can understand every concept except interacting with people 


All that contemplation, all that Te empiricism and purpose, thrown out the window because “ew spotlight”. 


Masters of self-righteousness. 


Smart, All-knowing, Masterminds. All from the comfort of your own room. Impressive.


All the great insight, forseeing and such, yet you’ve admittedly bumped into things and not seen things coming to hit you right? Incredible. 


It’s sad knowing that so many people of your “best type”, who unlike their perceiving bretheren actually YEARN to achieve something, will do so little in their lives.





&gt; INFJ

“Wow im unique and special”   


Someone claiming they’re INFJ is like a mystery box. Is it an INFJ? INFP? … ISFJ? Who knows?!   

(Also does anyone remember that ENTJ here that thought he was an INFJ before? Nothing surprises me anymore from this bunch)

 
Whose great idea was it to put auxiliary feeling on an intuition dominant mind?  


INFJs. The anxiety machines. 


Where INTJs search for facts to back up their hunches, you just skip that don’t you?   

In fact, why are INFJs considered such intellectuals? Ever tried going NT on them? They get tired as fuck when analysing things.. RAPIDLY.  


Famous for constantly thinking about your own thoughts though, but of course not sharing them. 


Fe on an introvert? Must be tough.  


On a side note... Why do some INFPs want to identify as one of these special bananas so badly? Don’t worry boys and girls… they’re both equally worthless, pick your brand of shyness and anxiety.   


Also, you guys think because you have Ni you’re open minded. Nah it’s just your thoughts are vague enough to kinda align with new information.  


Also as for this “insight to see other people’s perspectives”, in my experience, ISFJs have been better at this. Or at least helping people BESIDES not being able to understand their perspective.


You THINK you’re that insightful, but in actually y’all are so removed from reality that I doubt you even notice there’s people around you to even feel their emotions or whatever.  


Also all of you have your own personal mini-Hitler inside of them. 


Just remember when you wanna feel like a good person and a special snowflake and you wanna do that by identifying with the INFJ label, you're putting yourself in the same box as [this guy](https://mtbifiction.files.wordpress.com/2014/12/hitler_2443631b2.jpg?w=798&amp;h=498) and [this guy](http://media.tumblr.com/f511ab6fa2994e90a809e734d0b88b0e/tumblr_inline_mmpk0fRzjQ1qz4rgp.png).  


If you don't believe me, research it yourself, I know you have PolR Te and weak Ti, but still try.




&gt; ENTP

“Innovative”  

“Idea people”   

“Smart”   

“Inventive”  


Doesn’t want to actually do anything… great…


How does it feel to be THE most useless of all the NTs?  
 
Some of you have already come up with 100 witty rebutals.   
Do you realize that this is the fullest extent some of you will take your Ne-Ti? Witty rebutals? *Really?!*


I suppose… in your own shadow INFJ way… you’re taking NT powers and using them in the best way possible for humanity… Giving them the gift of laughter.  

Not only do you guys make some really good jokes, but most of you are jokes yourself. 


Banter &gt; Wealth and Success... But.. did you know that while we have some successful idiots out here, the successful people usually have the intelligence or at least care about things enough to give you that debate/challenge that you think you deserve? 


Speaking of debating/devil’s advocate which is the hallmark of ENTP type, how much time do you spend ACTUALLY doing that when you can, as opposed to making off-the-wall-dick jokes? 


ENTP, basically an ENTJ that doesn’t actually do anything, congrats.


&gt; ENFP


Low key, the ENFPs have gotten a free ride with the “N = smart” stereotype, one that they would not have gotten without the other 6 types covering for them (Don’t you dare claim the Manic Pixie Dream Girl INFPs are smart enough to be covering for ENFP stupidity)   


ENFPs are like ENTPs without the logic limiter. Virtually uncontrollable, even if it’s for their own good. 


Again, with the decision making and analysis... Still a bad idea to have feeling be the "back to earth" function on an intuition dom. 


It’s really a good thing you can usually see the bright side of things, because wow some of you make your own lives objectively terrible.   


If an ENFP says “My life is great” it could mean anything between *I have everything any man woman or puppy can desire, I’m the richest person on Earth, have the love of my life, and still have free time to just chill with my friends* to *I am homeless starving and alone, but at least I have a cardboard box and I could have been completely without shelter*   


“Who doesn’t love ENFPs?” Everyone when you get offended. I mean really anyone with high Fi is the worst person to be around when they feel bad/offended, but you guys throw a mix of extroversion and intuition into it in a way that allows maximum use of that negative energy by bringing it to everyone else in every possible way… congrats.   


Honestly, maybe there’s the buzzing of ideas in your heads, but I don’t see it in your words or actions.  


To be honest, you're just really sensitive, unfocused ISTJs.


&gt; INTP


“smart”  

“logical”  

“analytical”  

Indecisive.  


The best part? The logic and system by which you try to be the most accurate analyst… Is in itself subjective.   

Accuracy before everything… but Theory before facts?   

That in itself seems to be logically inconsistent.  


While I’m at it, why do INTPs always appear to be crying and whining and angry and sad and all that, but then you’re like   

People: “Hey what’s up? Why are you feeling this way?”  

INTP: “No I am not feeling anything”


Really mate?... I’d try to figure out why that is, but I’ll leave trying to find out pointless things to you Ti-Ne users.  


Speaking of useful/useless. INTPs with their machinations, fascinations and other such ations are so smart, yet so indecisive.  
 “But what if I didn’t do this?” “Maybe I forgot something important” “I forgot to account for the probability that X might happen didn’t I?” “Did I leave the microwave on?” “If I did, then what are the chances of that microwave causing a housefire?” “Do microwaves cause house fires?” “I bet…” 


Smh. 


An INTP is the type to discover the cure for cancer, go “hmm. Interesting. Cool” and just put it down and go research something else.

&gt; INFP 


I know plenty of you read the INFJ one already, trying to see what I had to say about *cough cough* your type. I’d roast you guys too, but I think in the spirit of Te efficiency, I’ll make this short…. 


r/INFP  


Plenty of material there MPDGs


&gt;  ENTJ


“tfw rich”   

“Founders of Make Your Dreams Reality Inc”   

“Will bulldoze a puppy for a better outcome”   

The least “N” of N types out there.  


If ENTPs weren’t trying you’d be the greatest assholes of MBTI.  


Able to conquer everything, and fear nothing except letting people see that you have feelings... Including yourself..



Here's a good question, though this is less N bashing and more ENTJ on reddit bashing… You’re “always busy”, “Don’t have the time to upload a picture here”, “an important person trying to achieve real life success” … How the fuck do you still have time to lurk and PARTICIPATE on reddit? And if you say time management I swear I am going to get very mad.   


Y'all ENTJs are also guilty of many things the INTJs are.   


Able to form an opinion based on limited information, but requires a shitload of information for anyone BESIDES YOURSELF to convince you that your original opinion might be false.  


Most likely type to respond “Great idea, glad I thought of it” to your idea.  


Perhaps the dumbest of all the NT types. 



Let’s get the best one out of the way. Such great hardworking people right? You laugh at your ENTP cousins who have just as much (if not more) creativity than you, but not your drive? How does it feel to augment creativity with hard work and perseverance? The answer? You don’t know. You’ve delegated the work to lackeys long ago.  


You guys are also more stubborn than you think you are. (Summed up “Hey I listen to all your ideas, it’s just that all your ideas are stupid.”) 

 
Also one of the worst and most destructive dom-tert loops in all of mbti (after the INFJs)


&gt; ENFJ

I've saved the perfect type for last. 


“Perfect type”  
 
“Omg, so sensitive, so kind, so successful, and so smart”  

“Can connect to anyone” 


I have to admit you guys are smooth af. How did you manage to be feelers, yet survive the “nice but stupid” stereotypes? Need I remind everyone of INFERIOR Ti?!  
ENFJs are the main N type who gets their dom function shitted on when they’re being criticized.  

“Fe so manipulative omg”   


… About inferior Ti? The leaps in logic you make are astounding.  

If you think an ENFJ is smart, just offend them, half of that intelligence goes out of the window. 
Also irl, Fe-Ni is so hit and miss. If you are steamrolling people for the cause, who are you ENFJs actually helping? 


Honestly you possess Ni in its most useless form. 


And least ESFJs are consistent and deal with how people actually feel, and what’s actually going on rather than some hunch based vision. (P.S. none of you are psychic, don't let Ni fool you)


Bonus round for all NTs: So you're innovative and creative thinkers, capable of solving complex problems etc. right? So like... What have you innovated besides memes? What complex problems did you ACTUALLY solve?There is a prelude and lower down is the part with my actual theory. If you feel like reading my thoughts do so. But for the redditor who likes his wall of texts relevant, just skip to "The Good Stuff".     
Each temperament also has it's little lead up and general description, my main point for each is bold and with the explanation after it if you want to do less reading.


#Prelude
Not saying this true, but I think it's interesting and I'd like to hear your opinions.  


J vs P. One letter difference and all of a sudden entirely different functions are used. But one major difference that exists between J and P types is the tendency to plan vs tendency to wing it. More specifically, Js tend to stick to their plans and/or adhere to some form of structure, while Ps might plan or have a structure, but will sooner deviate or avoid it where possible. 


I tried to think about why this would occur, function wise. It makes sense for TJs since that's generally what Te is. Observe data, place data, verify data, enact plan on verified data. No need to change it since it usually uses externally provable data, and in terms of goal accomplishment, strong deviation and procrastination can (and often does) lead to failure. But then why would FJs also do this? Fe by nature is very affected by those around them, the emotional atmosphere they perceive. The values of those around them... By itself it sounds too chaotic to be steady like a J. But perhaps the world of Fe isn't as chaotic as it seems, and the Fe users desires and goals are better achieved through consistency and follow through rather than just reacting. Maybe it's to do with introverted perception I thought, but that would still be secondary on EXXJs.  


Then it came to me. Thinking about why I have J like tendencies when I personally don't feel the need to stick to a schedule or anything like that. I needed to distance myself from the functions and just think about the different temperaments. The IXXP, EXXP, IXXJ and EXXJ temperaments.  


#The Good Stuff  


So after observing confirmed persons of various types, I've come to the conclusion that differing temperaments cause different desires and thus, differing approaches to life. So why do Js tend to plan and stick to it, while Ps seem fine to just wing it and let what happens happen?


##IXXJs  


The Mysterious and Rare INXJs and The Fastidious and dutiful ISXJ master races. Very different types, but both tend to be meticulous planners. They're (in my experience) the type that feel the need to plan the most, and the types that find deviating from their plans the hardest. The common theme i find among at least 3 of the types (I have not gotten to know an ISFJ that well. But I'll assume that they're like a INFJ-ISTJ hybrid) is...   
**The desire for an acceptable sense of self worth**  
Yes, I know, everyone wants a good sense of self worth and what not, but for most of the ones I've known, this is a central theme. They could just sit around all day by themselves, and it would seem a paradise to them for a bit. But then ISXJs look at what they're doing, what they've done and assign themselves some form of worth. If they do nothing, or commit to nothing, they feel pathetic and worthless. It inspires them to action. That if they're worthless now, that they should not be lazy and get off of their asses. They develop plans and routines so that they can actually do something and serve a purpose so they can feel good about themselves. INXJs have less of a "what I have done" approach to this process, but more of a "What I am doing and where my life is heading" approach. The result however is the same. They contemplate until they've determined the best steps they can take to live a life that gives them the best feeling of self worth. They develop schedules and plans to make them feel more "grounded" (idk what this means, if an Ni dom can explain that'd be great) and keep them moving, because they tend to be half-asleep lazy people at heart, and left without a schedule and plan, might resort to just zoning out for days on end contemplating the nature of human existence instead of actually doing something.    
*Bonus*  
I think having Dom Pi/Inf Pe are also strong factors upon further re-examination. Dom Si bringing forth things that are guaranteed to work (memories of similar situations, guidelines, rules, instructions from trusted persons etc.) and Inferior Ne bringing forth negative possibilities and difficulty with quick brainstorming in an unfamiliar situation, the Si dom wants a guideline, a plan, a routine to ensure success and reduce chances of failure.   
For Dom Ni/Inf Se, these folks tend to contemplate things a lot, and when they put their plan in to action, most foreseeable events are accounted for. This makes them a bit confident that they've made the right choice from the onset, even if some present information may seem to contradict it (a.k.a. "Yes it would seem that way, but look at the bigger picture. This concept is still at play"). Add to that inf Se, which usually has them oblivious to their surroundings and the opportunities that said surroundings has for them, difficulty just living "in the moment" as well as a curious sensitivity to sensation... INXJs may really just prefer sticking to their schedules and plans.  


##EXXJ  


EXXJs, Some call us bossy, manipulative and controlling. Some call us leaders and organizers. However you call us, one (relevant) thing about these 4 types is the tendency not just to plan, but to *persuade others to follow their plans*. Curiously. I don't really feel that need to plan personally, and most EXXJs i know aren't that contemplative and don't seem to go as insane as IXXJs when there is no plan or schedule to follow. As extroverts, we really want to interact with the world and are influenced strongly by the world. What keeps us so stubborn? Why do we like to come up with plans and stick to them?   
**The desire to be in groups**  
"What?" you P types might be saying to yourself. "But that stubbornness makes people hate you" you might be saying remembering that one ESTJ who made your life miserable for a bit (because let's all be honest, we've all had that one ESTJ in our lives). But most meaningful groups require... stability to survive. Shared goals, unity of action, a stable identity, traditions (for e.g. Friday night we meet up and play Cards Against Humanity), rules, all that good J stuff. Groups are inherently chaotic in nature. Everyone has different desires, ideas and opinions, and left alone without plans to execute, or activities to keep them together. They'll drift away and the group will dissipate (I'll ask most of you who've finished high school. If you liked your high school friends so much... Where'd they go?). The natural EXXJ tendency therefore upon entry into a group or team is to determine what's best for it (or how to use the group to benefit them in the case of the more selfish ones) and try to get everyone on board. If the group already has these in place, and the EXXJ thinks it's good enough, they might adapt their routines and plans to suit, or try to change them/search for a new group if they don't like the structure/plans in place.  
Oh. And one more thing, another part of a fulfilling group experience, is being valuable to the group. Being liked by the group. Having influence. With the exception of having traits the group values (for example being a great quarter back on your football team), one good way to achieve most of those things is to make plans/give instructions to the group that they can get on board with and actually helps them. They'll be like "Ah great idea, that made things so much better" etc. They might respect you more and maybe as a group, look up to you.   


##EXXPs 


EXXPs. Wow. Perhaps one of the most uncontrollable forces in the universe. All 4 of you can be so reckless you drive all the IXXJs insane just observing you. But the thing is, somehow despite just diving headfirst into something without really thinking it through, y'all manage to pull of some amazing stunts I won't lie. When it comes to planning, with the exception of the ESTP maybe, y'all seem to have a "meh whatever comes we'll deal with it" approach to life. Very few plans if any, and those plans might just get demolished and tossed aside at the blink of an eye. Why?  
**The desire to explore**  
Plans, structures and routines themselves can be annoying yes. Trust me. I know (I have PolR Si if you believe in socionics), but one of the key reasons they're a problem and you'd rather just wing it, is the desire to explore. Think about the Ne dom who goes to a bar every Friday night with his friends. *sure* it might be nice, but you'd rather do something *different* and see what it's like because drinking with friends at that same bar has *already been explored*. Not to mention when they thought they'd want to do one thing, but then eventually a more awesome idea comes to them and *whoosh* they ditch that old idea and cancel. And the Se dom soldier who had been given and agreed to a plan by his higher ups to assassinate one of the enemy generals, but upon reaching near the scene, notices that his foe's president is nearby and that he has the means to take him out instead, thus ditches the plan to take out the general as instructed.  
That kinda stuff doesn't go well with groups often, (flaking on plans and going against the group's wishes are two ways to piss off most groups/teams) but as much as EXXPs can be extroverts, they don't just mouse over people and group them as easily as EXXJs do. Instead the group is made up of a bunch of individuals, each with their own possible backstories, histories, characteristics, stance on having pineapples on their pizza, etc. It's often through connecting with individuals rather than groups and organizations that EXXPs satisfy their extroverted needs. To top that off, with all the headfirst exploration they tend to do, they actually get really good at winging it, so to them.. Sometimes planning is unnecessary because when they get to the problem, they're confident they can figure it out.  


##IXXPs  


Often shy, modest and easy going people (except my one INTP friend who is none of these 3 things and is often a complete cunt) these persons are similar to their EXXP brethren. However they tend to be reserved and private people. They tend to deeply study things that fascinate them. Cars, art, philosophy, quantum physics? (you typist bastards probably stereotyped them based on their desires huh? you should be ashamed of yourselves) they can deep into it. For the most part they're cautious people. Double checking and thinking twice before they act or conclude anything, so why don't they plan?  
**The desire to observe and understand**  
While EXXPs tend to be active explorers running through the land taking a look at the scenery around them (metaphorically speaking in the Ne doms case I suppose), IXXPs take a more... focused approach. Taking time not just to see the scenery, but understand it, Take it apart, appreciate it. In a sense they tend to be passive observers. In my experience when it comes to IXXPs and planning, they are not averse to planning itself like some EXXPs are, it's just.. They don't want to. It's not a high priority for them. Long term plans, routines, schedules and such don't help them observe and understand the world. In fact sometimes it hinders their ability to do so. Not to mention they often take longer time to come to a decision because they're not fans of making assumptions and using said assumptions for a "sure fire" plan. (ability to operate on assumptions are part of the secret to J types' decisiveness).  


.


Feels like a lot of assumptions and speculations though. What are your thoughts guys?  


EDIT: Spelling.  


EDIT 2: Grammar  


Note: I think I may have worded the IXXJs tendency to plan badly, but I also have seemed to miss the ball when describing INXJs. To be fair guys... There ain't much of you out there, and then y'all don't talk much either.I'll be short and sweet. It's obviously harder to talk to/connect with introverts. Usually I could see a path to closer bonds with my extroverted brothers and sisters, but with introverts.... All I see are obstacles. So many damn obstacles. It feels virtually impossible to get pass the stranger/acquaintance stage with y'all. 


So introverts (and introvert-connection specialists of r/mbti), how can I not annoy you, talk with you, respect your introverted needs, and move up the rankings from "a guy over there" to "friend/guy I don't mind talking to"?  


(I am aware that cognitive introversion =/= social introversion, I'm asking primarily about the type of introversion where "by myself" &gt; "talking to people", so if you're an introverted EXXX or whatever feel free to give me advice as well.)I decided to find songs that either describe or captures the essence of the 16 types. For each type there's one for the type functioning normally, one for the grip of the inferior, and one for the recovery from the inferior grip. Without further ado:


***


### ISFP 
     
Normal: [Me Myself and I – G-Eazy x Bebe Rexha](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSfpSOBD30U)      

Te Grip: [Jekyll and Hyde - Five Finger Death Punch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCBPmxiVMKk)    

Recovery: [Part of Me – Katy Perry](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuwfgXD8qV8)


### ESFP
     
Normal: [Live Your Life - T.I. ft Rihanna](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koVHN6eO4Xg)
    
Ni Grip: [Control – Halsey](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=so8V5dAli-Q)   
   
Recovery: [Shake It Off – Taylor Swift](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfWlot6h_JM)


### ISFJ   
   
Normal: [Simple Man – Lynyrd Skynyrd](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75dtjFSBsPc)
   
Ne Grip: [Matryoshka – Hatsune &amp; Miku (VOCALOID produced by Hachi)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzyXD8bNbvk)   
   
Recovery: [Back Home – Andy Grammar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REHfRCYvie8)   


### ESFJ  
   
Normal: [Put A Little Love In Your Heart – Annie Lennox &amp; Al Green](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3J_3mcOwdQ)    
   
Ti Grip: [Let It Go – Idina Menzel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0MK7qz13bU)   
  
Recovery: [Roar – Katy Perry](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CevxZvSJLk8)  

### INFP

Normal: [No Rain – Blind Melon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzQIuP1Tcqo)   
  
Te Grip: [Faint – Linkin Park](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYU-8IFcDPw)   
   
Recovery: [Awake And Alive - Skillet](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aRlxHtB0pg)

### ENFP

Normal: [Machine – Misterwives](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhC2c6N-cFM)
   
Si Grip: [Stressed Out – twenty one pilots](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXRviuL6vMY)   
  
Recovery: [Life Is Wonderful – Jason Mraz](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esFAe2BDwIc)  


### INFJ


Normal: [Landslide – Fleetwood Mac](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4_wXPZ1Bnk)  
  
Se Grip: [Dust In The Wind – Kansas](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tH2w6Oxx0kQ)  
  
Recovery: [Epiphany – Futuristic ft NF](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXSF1QZA6Wo)
  

### ENFJ
  
Normal: [Heal The World – Michael Jackson](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWf-eARnf6U)
  
Ti Grip: [A Day In The Life Of A Tree – Beach Boys](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ayjmQQh9U0)
   
Recovery: [Life Is Beautiful - Vega4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGIwZccbRI0)


### ISTP
   
Normal: [I Mean It – G-Eazy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxnaPa8ohmM)
   
Fe Grip: [Here To Stay – Korn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr3x7tS__dE)

Recovery: [I Am A Stone – Demon Hunter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_zeZVBvGWU)
 

### ESTP
  
Normal: [Fast Lane – Bad Meets Evil ft. Eminem, Royce Da 5'9](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJOsjP33nF40)
  
Ni Grip: [PTSD – Tech N9ne](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndYpovMpW4Q)  
  
Recovery: [Go Hard or Go Home – Wiz Khalifa &amp; Iggy Azalea](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pk7jHGir5m4)
 

### ISTJ

Normal: [Land Of Confusion – Disturbed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YV4oYkIeGJc)  

Ne Grip: [Fuck Everything – Dan Bull](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meDqJqoq7K0)  
  
Recovery: [Dead &amp; Gone – T.I. ft Justin Timberlake](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mEx9FtuN0k)


### ESTJ  

Normal: [Harder Better Faster Stronger – Daft Punk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ot93YXpcI0)  

Fi Grip: [Wrong Side of Heaven – Five Finger Death Punch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_l4Ab5FRwM)
  
Recovery: [Bounce Back – Big Sean](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phr1pOFK1V8)


### INTJ

Normal: [Layers – Royce Da 5'9, Pusha T, Rick Ross](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hI-8ZDFA5Rg)
  
Se Grip: [Make Me Bad – Korn](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujEph5vFwmc)
  
Recovery: [Last Man Standing - HAMMERFALL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOmMZBZGBps)


### ENTJ
  
Normal: [Immortalized – Disturbed](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Auuqlcom6tM)
  
Fi Grip: [Mad World – Gary Jules](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N3N1MlvVc4)
   
Recovery: [Not Afraid – Eminem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5-yKhDd64s)
 

### INTP
  
Normal: [Schism – Tool](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhjG47gtMCo)
  
Fe Grip: [I Need Help – Hopsin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIGRV9RPJiM)
  
Recovery: [Still Alive – Ellen McLain (Portal Soundtrack)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6ljFaKRTrI)


### ENTP
  
Normal: [Gallery Piece – Of Montreal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=us7NVGvUdAs)  

Si Grip: [Crawling – Linkin Park](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gd9OhYroLN0)  

Recovery: [Guts Over Fear – Eminem ft Sia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AqnCSdkjQ0)


***


It's okay if you think there'd be songs that describe YOU the individual a little better. For example for me I'd have these 3


Normal: [Ain't No Half Steppin - Big Daddy Kane](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2l2O-JOXG_I)  

Fi Grip: [Viva La Vida](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvgZkm1xWPE)  

Recovery: [Victory - Puff Daddy ft. Notorious B.IG., Busta Rhymes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJAgGB7jKZU)


Let me know what you guys think, if you have better recommendations.

****

##Honorable Mentions

  
ISFP Te grip: [Get Back – Ludacris](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yt849wJyVk)
  
ESFP normal: [Me Too – Meighan Trainor](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDRORgoZxZU)
  
ESFJ normal: [My Nigga - YG, Young Jeezy &amp; Rich Homie Quan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSrTnWDTdwI)
  
INFJ normal: [A Thousand Years - Sting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29cBbHt5qB0)
  
INFJ ???: [Time – Pink Floyd](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwYX52BP2Sk)
  
INFJ ???: [Shape Of My Heart: Sting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK-Z1K67uaA)
  
ENFP recovery: [Phoenix – Fall Out Boy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hDZbroaQDc)
  
ESTP normal: [We Own It – 2 Chainz &amp; Wiz Khalifa](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYQ1Okyi3g4)
  
ESTJ normal: [Emerald Sword - Rhapsody of Fire](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VW4fOKabFKE)
  
ENTJ  normal: [Centuries – Fall Out Boy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBr7kECsjcQ)
  
INTP Fe Grip: [Closer To The Edge - Linkin Park](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qlCC1GOwFw)    

INTJ Se Grip: [Swimming Pools - Kendrick Lamar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5YNiCfWC3A)[What r/mbti thinks we're like](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjMutF_jnrU)   


[What we're actually like](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNhycX0XCJ0)Inventor/politicianENTJ and ESTJ. Same shit different order lolJust remember that ESTPs and ENTJs are also similar on the surface and it gets easier to see the difference between us and ESTJs lolI feel attacked lol... Meanwhile in Chinese sweat shops...If you're having trouble typing yourself. Just see which of these you're offended by. Worked great for me :-)Fear of being harmed with a side of fear of being controlled.Dnt hug me unless u tryna make a baby.They normally make for entertaining and useful people when that connection stays distant, and let's be practical, if you have a throng of people around them, most of these won't be close enough for their annoying traits to affect things too much lolThe last one seems to be a step back to me, evolution wiseThe word evolution misled me there. My apologies. You can understand who didn't know of the series would be confused tho right? Smh lolThe word evolution is misleading. It's one of the many for each type, so the top 3 are a lead up to "how's that 4th one gonna fuck this up?"Depends on the context.


I was thinking it was gonna show how as an INTJ evolved (grew/developed in this context), that the other functions would add depth, or balance or whatever. Inno. As you go down the line, you become better at life lol.Is it bad that i saw "I expect you to respect me" and not "You expect me to respect you"?Do you have a link to this thing? Kinda wanna see what would happen
Ni isn't some structured thinking that you can actively access like this guy saying, even for ENTJ like myself, sometime I have a hard time to catch up with my aux Ni 'aha' moments/solution as they make no logical sense (yet at that point) to me it definately needs to be more clearly defined and verified before I trust the idea completely and put it to use. Or I can just trust my intuition and go with it.

Through mbti ive learned to trust my aux Ni more as an ENTJ and it has given me quite alot of awesome answers (time and more logical process will prove the idea/answer to be true or not). This guy was just decribing how perfectly logical thinking works, not Ni which is a leap of faith in thinking. INTJ isnt as robotic as ENTJ, its fact: Ni Te Fi Se vs Te Ni Se Fi.

Just develope that Fi, feel more think less, relax, feel/read the emotion of people youre talking to and try to synchronize, youll be fine

ENTJ and I agree with this

Ni, most of the time, is an answer/vision that comes out of no where that makes absolutely no sense to the Ni user. Believe it or not is your choice thoughThats it im changing into Esfp and have fun at the smallest of thingsHere comes the terrible Ni descriptions from mistyped INTJ/INFJ/ENTJs..etcAs an Aux Ni user myself (ENTJ), The experience of  Ni isnt just "feelings" that you said. It can come in form of ideas, answer to a problem, visions.

So I wouldn't very surprised of Ni dom users to see their Ni as some psychic power, which is not, but totally relatable.Visions come from Ni are not necessary true, trust it or not is entirely up to the person. IMO It differs from the person's cognitive function: Aux vs Dom makes a huge different. Maturity of the person and the person's experience with the function.

Most likely in your INFJ case he it's just overthinking and conviced himself that his pessimist outlook of life and relationship is true. Ni barely ever convinces me on anything lol, its just pops out answers, being neutral.Inferior Fi here. I dont cry

Except for Angel Beats, cry like a little bitch everytime xNTJ

Nietzche, nuff said.Thank god I'm an ENTJ
Excellent articleI don't smoke, drink and do drugs

Not that I don't want to, but because I'd prefer to stay healthy and functioning. Satsuki-sama from KLK is so much INTJxSFJ, my brother in law is a ISFJ who mistyped himself as an ENTJ. Sweet and caring, but xNTJ? Nope.aggressiveness
Entj. Caught meHes whatever my type is - from someone whos confused between INTJ and ENTJI day dream about taking over the planet

All the time*awww in robots*Damn those spontaneous-shameless-adrenaline-seeking bastards.

Well tbh, I strongly believe that in the long run, we can work them behind the curtains like puppets masters. Elites, Globalists..etc rings any bells?Entj here 

Pretty much defriended a guy who shared the stories of me hitting on girls, which he saw through my facebook inbox, without my permission.

3 years college friend. Boom. Gone. 

Fucking ESFJs. 
It wasnt even about trust. I let the dude stay in my house, then some how maybe accidentally saw through my inbox. But the worse thing is that he later on decided to tell my story as a joke, to the girls in my class, in-fucking-front of my face.

What the actual fuck.I didnt. I had to act cool because it was infront of the girls in my class, stories about me hitting on a girl and got rejected. If i get salty about it it would be even worse, so damage control. I never confronted him later because i think it would be petty of me to hold such grudge. So gave him another chance and he proceeded to fail my expectation of friendship once more. Didnt think much about it, he had to go, i told him we werent friends anymore. After that Dude is still clingy and told that im his best friend, I still love u bro blah blah. Ive made my decision, no I dont care. Some people are just "carefree" and "naive". Some just use the terms so that they can act irresponsible in life and get away with it. 

Tbh, I think im responsible of teaching him a lesson, If I dont teach him a lesson, maybe no one ever will, and he will keep on being a pain in the ass for everyone and get away with it.I look like a risk taker for everyone else around me

But I'm actually really risk averse, maybe just ~~better~~ focused at calculating risk and benefits / costs to each of my actions and decisions.

For example, I drive crazy fast,but my mind also work crazy fast and highly alert when it comes to driving fast, multiples of scenarios plays in my head calculating the fastest way to drive with the minimum risk to both myself and others, calculating the accelerations, my reaction time, brake time, avoiding and reducing all risks of collisions while maintaining high and efficient speed, not just blindly-hitting-the-gas-crazy. Same goes for everyday decisions of my life.

And no. Most adrenaline stunts that has the high risk of getting serious injured or even getting yourself killed isn't very appealing to me, the cost/risk is too high for its benefits ( looking cool, some adrenaline pump, experience? )I used to be just like you OP, except a little bit wiser not showing my true color to anyone else. Its easier to play with people and get what you by faking 'niceness' and 'empathy' than running around bragging how 'mad genius', and 'malicious' youre and how everyone else is 'inferior in every aspects', thats just autistic. Also looking down on everyone doesnt make you better. And how can you 'ultilize your intelligence' if you just automatically discard people's views and opinions base on nothing but your inflated sense of self?

 Talking about being the next Hitler doesnt make you equivalent of Hitler. What are your achievements so far or its just all in your head? Arrogance has to be earned, have you earned yours?

All that narcissism and inflated ego may feel nice now, makes you feel like a god. But trust my words OP, someday it will all go down, and the more you build up your inflated ego, the harder its gonna crash down on you. 

/this is why i dont go to INTJ sub, literally autistic.Thanks. I really like that NTJ interpretation of yours, i have always been like that. I see the possibilities of risk, rewards and potentials but don't put much of my effort into particularly planning things (Linear thinking), I just work towards things that I instinctively know that will help me get through the problems and achieve my goals, thus i've always wondered "Am I really an ENTJ, being this..floaty.. sort of dreamy and idealistic?"in a way, yes. I want to achieve greatness, I dream of big things, things that people normally discard as being "dreamy","idealistic" or even "grandeur delusions". To me its another possibility, another goal for me to achieve, but to achieve such things I choose to do it my way, the non-linear way i mentioned above. So when people ask me questions like "what is your dream" then ask questions like "what is your plan on it" I don't usually know how to answer to them because I don't have a meticulous detailed plan for it, I just know what I want from the big picture, where I want to go, who I want to be, instinct guides me, that sort of things. It sounds dreamy for everyone else, I can understand that, but that is my plan, that's the way I work.8

There are few people with adequate competence that I can tolerate, most people around me are just useless drooling simpletons. I love people that can match with my level of thinking though theyre rare.I honestly cant imagine myself living past 50 years old. Being useless and slow and weak and stuff. Live fast die-relatively-young is my mottoENTJ 3w4Estj. My estj friend completely disregard the mbti system because "base on his experience" Si at its finest.I disregard things when i have sufficient and solid arguements and datas agaisnt it. But generally im very open minded to things, i never flat out deny any theory base on anecdoctal experience alone, thats more like Si thing which prefer solid evidents and datas to speculations and theories, i guessWhy :( I did bully my infp tho so sry i was immature &lt;\3
I'm ENTJ and I seem to have a thing for ESFPs and ENTPs. I like that they're the "entertainers..." something about a social, fun person really gets me thinking. Me: ENTJ
Dad: ISfP
Mom: ISfJ
Younger Bro: ISTP
Older Half-Bro: IsTJ

I get along splendidly with my half-brother, as he's thoughtful, funny, and social. I get along fine with my dad, too. I find my mother aggravating and narrow-minded, and my younger brother is just very immature and selfish. ENTJ. I like comic book shows (except for the flash -- I actually hated that. Loved Agents of Shield) and movies. Favorite movie is The Avengers (but I hated the sequel). I like some crime procedurals, like CSI, Criminal Minds, Bones, and Hawaii Five-0 (the new one).I LOVE PIXAR! I'm not a crazy fangirl, but it's always nice to see a movie at a relaxed party. Up, Finding Nemo, Toy Story (1 &amp; 2 - screw 3), and Inside Out are my favorites.

...I actually liked Cars, but to be fair, I haven't seen that in a decade. 

Edit: and Wall-E. Oh my gosh, I have to rewatch that now. I'm an ENTJ, and in real life I'd just love to meet more ENTPs. The ones I know are just a bunch of my younger teachers/instructors, but they have such awesome personalities. I don't want to violate any professional boundaries, though, so my search for ENTP buddies continues!Some here are mentioning ENTJs. Can confirm. Am ENTJ, was super shy as a kid and now have a habit of talking too loud and not shutting up.I love this post :D I'm so excited about the new houses. I looked into them earlier and figured I'd be in Thunderbird, but I took the pottermore sorting quiz just to be sure, and yep! Thunderbird! (I'm an ENTJ.) It does make sense that most ENTJs would be Horned Serpents, though.

I heard that the original Hogwarts houses were based on the four temperaments. The temperaments are interesting to look into.

I'm kinda rambling now. I'm just really hyped about the new houses, lol.Very excited THUNDAAAABIIIIRD! Thunderbird. ENTJ.ENTJ here. I was seen as very competent and intelligent, and I always knew what to do or what to expect. There weren't really cliques at my school (it's an unusual high school), and stereotypically I guess I'd be seen as the go-getter prep or something. I spent my senior year focused on being bubbly and ENFP-y rather than seeming like your typical serious ENTJ. A few people who didn't really know me decided that they didn't like me (no idea why), but that was more during the first two years of high school -- eventually those people got to know me and then liked me. A lot of people also wanted to be my friend, but were intimidated by me, apparently. Some of my friends said that before I started chatting them up, they were intimidated by me, lol. Or heard bad things about me, but then discovered that I was "actually cool" (in their words). I have no idea how popular I was, but I do know that a lot of lowerclassmen whose names I didn't know somehow knew who I was.

I loved leading team projects as a lowerclassman and I was a great writer. I did a lot of extracurriculars before I had to carpool and I was even President of the ambassadors (representatives of the school who gave tours to educators and politicians from all over the world, interviewed teacher candidates, and held info sessions for middle schoolers interested in coming to my HS). So I was out of the classroom and roaming the hallways a lot.

Anyway, for me, high school was a time of self-growth and reflection. I changed a lot throughout and so did people's opinions of me.I'm ENTJ. ENTPs and ISTPs are the best to flirt with -- the ones I know are more clever and subtle with their flirting, which I love.ENTJ woman here.

1) Mind control. (Shapeshifting's tempting, though.) 

2) I think I'd just let citizens come up with ideas and then use whichever one I like best. Something feminine, mysterious, and menacing.

3) 4 (barely heroic)

4) I believe every act is selfish -- including "selfless" acts because people do selfless things because it makes them feel good. But, going by the conventional definition of selfishness, I'd probably be 8 or 9 (pretty selfish).

5) 9. Ideally I'd like to keep it a secret, especially because I don't trust humans, but it might be hard for me if I don't meditate because when I'm in an immature state of mind, my ego can get the best of me.

6) Secret identity, yes. Costume? Not really necessary, I think. Maybe a masquerade mask and a wig in a bun. If I were to get my hands dirty instead of just controlling others to do it, I'd opt for flexible, light, comfortable clothing, OR armored gear with a Kevlar vest. That would NOT be fun, lol! It.ENTJ - Communication.

I like breaking stereotypes :) I want to be a high school humanities teacher at my former high school (and eventually Dean, Director, and maybe CEO - it's a weird high school), and since I have to spend a fifth year in uni for my English and social studies teaching credentials, Communication makes sense. Plus, it's so fun.ENTJ. I know what I'm doing.For me personally, the whole "I know what I'm doing" is just my mindset when I'm doing my own personal thing or just going through life (because a lot of people say "no one knows what they're doing," which isn't really true). ENTJ here. I do know a lot of immature ENTJs (mostly online) who won't listen to others and think they're the greatest thing to hit Earth, BUT that's not true for all ENTJs. Personally, I am very self-reflective, I appreciate collaboration, and I am always up to consider others' ideas and opinions. SO, I guess that's what's not known about my type -- that we're not all blind. Overall, the healthy ENTJs know how to empathize with others. Same here. As soon as I saw the result, I froze and then sighed. :p

Personally, I like ENTPs. But if I found a mature ENTJ, maybe that could work.ENFPs, INTPs. INTJs can also seem weird, but not in a "random" way like ENFPs and INTPs.ESTJs and ESFJs would work hard to introduce their culture and political system/policies to the other factions.Wow, lots of introverts in this thread. ENTP and INTJ are drunkenly playing ping pong. ISTJ is outside chopping wood for the bonfire. ISFP is starting up a video game on the TV. INFP is piling chips/crisps onto their plate. ESFJ is late, for some reason. INTP is second player for the video game. ENTJ is schmoozing up the most "valuable" person in the room to them. The bonfire is up. ESFP is dancing to music by the bonfire. ESTP is seeing how long the bonfire will take to burn the aglet of his shoelaces. ESFJ shows up and starts giving advice to INFJ, who listens while wondering why they're here. ENFJ is going around the room, greeting everyone briefly before tidying up and organizing the snacks in the kitchen. ISFJ leaves the party early to go sleep. ENFP has climbed to the roof of the gazebo outside just to show off. ISTP didn't show up to the party at all. I joined an NT group on Facebook.

Never again.I've seen Michael Phelps (USA swimmer) typed as both ENTP and ENFJ. I don't know too much about him to be able to tell, though.Last time I took it, I got Jennifer Lawrence, which is funny because I have always disliked her. :P 
This video is a lot better than I expected. I can definitely relate to the communication style he presented and how he describes Ni.Now please go inform /r/INFP of this, lol.I wrote a long post a while back on why I think he's an INTJ and people were happy to downvote it but nobody really addressed the points I made:

https://www.reddit.com/r/intj/comments/2znn82/bo_burnham_intj/
Can confirm, usually people are wrong.That's fine. It's OK if you want to be wrong :)For me, its the ongoing conversations in which people speculate about things that have solid answers you could google in about 5 minutes. Why?!?!Not an Ni dom, and I've definitely not had that experience, though I can tell you that if I look in the mirror, it sometimes strikes me as bizarre that the face staring back at me is *me*, like it doesn't feel quite real to me.
I like Michael Pierce a lot, generally, but I think he may be a bit off here. It sounds like the distinction he is drawing is more or less just the introversion/extroversion distinction (taking things as-is or processing them internally/subjectively). You gotta work on your emotional wall game. It's pretty easy to shut people out.If we're going with balancing out inferior functions, I often become strong willed and judgmental, particularly if someone is (in my view) unfairly asserting dominance over myself or someone else.

I try to deal with it by reminding myself that certain approaches to a situation get the results I want, and certain approaches do not, and to not let myself get swept up in my anger.I dunno, I don't use Fe and do use Se, and "being weird" is definitely part of my self-identity.Way weirder (on average) than INTJs IMO. I don't actually find most INTJs to be all that weird.Getting shit done is our business, and business is boomin :DINTJ mad scientist, obviously.Everyone who has Se has Ni.&gt; Typically 8-ish, depends a bit on whether grudges are carried. All high Te applies, IMO. ISTJ maybe the least.

I'm almost certainly a 1 and I will cut people out of my life if I think they are toxic without looking back. I sometimes carry a grudge but I always feel like I shouldn't (see? 1 as fuck, lol)I'm getting real tired of people acting oppressed cuz of their MBTI type. If you polled 100 people out in the world about what they think of SJs, 100 of them would say "What the fuck is an SJ?"

Seriously, if this is the worst problem you have (some niche community on the internet rallying around a pseudo-scientific personality sorting system sometimes making misjudgments about your type), you don't HAVE real problems.Worst? Maybe not. But you're definitely way too emotionally motivated for something that is so niche and insignificant.&gt; But what is sad....is that scientists are willing to discredit mbti because of it lacks of scientific evidence.

Isn't that their job?

&gt;  To which the lay person responds: "uh but it's my mind, and im telling you, this is accurate."

You should do some reading on psychology outside of an MBTI context if you haven't already. It's amazing how much the brain more or less just makes up explanations on the spot. You don't have to be dishonest to be wrong about what is happening in your mind.It's not a problem. Absolutely nothing bad happens to someone because they take an MBTI test and it comes back 'SJ'. This is someone looking for an excuse to be loud, obnoxious, and moralizing.Here's a list of things wrong with this post:

* Aristotle the Te dom literally invented formal logic. So there goes your "Ti users have a monopoly on logic" theory. 

* There's plenty of Te using philosophers and Ti using doctors and scientists. 

* Your mythical TJs in your course sound like assholes. But I was finishing my high school programming assignments way before everyone else in my class and I was a TJ. I very much doubt this whole scenario, to the degree that it is real, has anything to do with the MBTI types involved.It's impossible to prove a negative (e.g. that nobody invented anything similar to formal logic prior to Aristotle that just somehow got lost in the annals of time), but the evidence points to Aristotle being the first to build a formal logical system for the purpose of assessing the validity of claims, the very types of assessments the OP tried to claim were specifically the purview of Ti users.

Broadly speaking, there is a sense in which Te is more empirical and Ti is more logical, but it's way less superficial than OP presented. Te users aren't intrinsically bad at logic any more than Ti users are intrinsically bad at considering the evidence. For one thing, MBTI measures preference, not ability, but for another, preference is not the same as total ignorance or rejection of everything contrary to the preference.

In terms of tendencies, if we imagine a hypothetical Ti scientist and a hypothetical Te scientist, neither would reject empirical evidence or the need for theory, but the Te scientist is likely to focus more on observation, trying to tease out a theory after gathering large amounts of data, whereas the Ti scientist is likely to start with a theory based on what evidence they already have, and then seek out evidence that would specifically either confirm or deny the theory.

Neither is better or worse (without some additional context, anyway), neither is focused purely on empirical truth or theory, and neither is doing science wrong as long as they adhere to the scientific method.You seem to be confusing formal logic, which is more or less a branch of mathematics, with reasoning as such. I never claimed Aristotle invented reasoning; that would be a silly thing to claim. It would also be silly to claim that Aristotle invented the metaphysical facts of reality that make formal logic useful; this is also something I did not claim.

The distinction between reasoning and formal logic is important because "common sense reasoning" is often wrong because we have various biases (this is why certain logical fallacies are commonplace). Hence the value of a formalized logical system for assessing validity, and why this had such a tremendous impact on all Western thought after the fact.

With regards to OP, it's important because he explicitly highlighted a distinction between Te and Ti users in which the latter are more or less exclusively good at assessing validity; he even cited a story about his classmates in defense of this position, though as far as I can tell, all his story proved is that some of his classmates suck.

Aristotle was a Te user, and it would be difficult to argue that someone who invented formal logic did not have both some interest in and some talent for assessing the validity of claims.

I will admit I have some personal stake in this as a Te user who works in IT and does light scripting/programming on a fairly regular basis. The statement that Ti users have a major leg up as programmers because programming borrows heavily from formal logic just doesn't seem accurate, either empirically (it's easy to find Te users who are good at both) or logically (a preference for Ti or Te does not imply anything regarding one's talent for programming; this would be confusing structure for content, as Michael Pierce would put it).

The tone of his post was more or less that Te users should "know their place" and stay out of what he considered the domain of Ti users. To that, I say he can kiss my highly paid ass.&gt; It means you, as a Te user who works in IT, got to your position with more hardwork than probably your Ti colleagues, theoretically speaking. 

Programming, math, philosophy, etc. all come pretty easily to me. I never struggled in courses related to math or hard science. 

&gt; He wants to push that distinction, and have the respective strength and weakness acknowledged. 

MBTI measures preference, not ability/skill/talent/etc. So what he is pushing is not in accordance with the theory, which means he needs to do a lot more leg work for his claims to be taken seriously. 

&gt; Unless we want to ignore these possible realities just because it makes us feel bad.

I'm not ignoring them but I am saying they are wrong because they make no sense, and feel motivated to comment on them because I find them personally offensive. It is important not to confuse motivation with reasoning; I did not *reason* that he was wrong based on my irritation with the tone and the claims being made.Have you met any that are older than 25?&gt; ENTJs have no fucks to give as they were never even born with a heart, let alone developed one.

If you're being serious, you know nothing of what lurks in the head or the heart of an ENTJ. To be an ENTJ is to be told you don't love people because you want to do what actually would help them instead of what makes them feel good in the moment.The inferior function is characterized by seeming like it's not even there 90% of the time and then being extreme and childish and obviously there 10% of the time. The thing is, the tertiary function is actually kind of similar in how it works but its less obviously imbalanced, which can make distinguishing the E and I variants of a type a bit difficult sometimes.

My (possibly flawed) explanation:

Fi: In INTJs, there is a more obvious attunement to their inner feelings, and they will seem like they have a depth similar to INFPs as a result. There is a deeper sentimentality to them when compared to ENTJs, though obviously this is *when compared to ENTJs*, as they won't seem sentimental when compared to the average person.

ENTJs tend to wear their heart on their sleeve in a lot of ways (namely, in the ways that don't make them vulnerable) but their mode of self expression is very direct and logical, so it is not always obvious to others that this is happening. Inferior Fi means they aren't always in tune with how their personal motivations and desires are motivating their actions. It also means that, if existential fears or despair manages to get a firm grip on the ENTJ, they will completely fall apart and really struggle to get back in gear.

Se: My experience with Se is that it seems to be very fixated on energy; things changing, moving, shifting, etc. whereas Si seems more focused on arrangement and orderliness rather than change. I don't know of this links up to any ideas in Socionics but it just seems to be the case to me that this is the way it goes.

ENTJs, with tertiary Se, are more comfortable with risk than INTJs. They are more prone to, and comfortable with, acting under conditions of uncertainty. They are also more willing to be openly aggressive and confrontational, which I think is related to the risk taking; neither type is amazing at reading people and so any aggressive response is a risk, but ENTJs are willing to take that risk more often. Basically, you get a little splash of STPness in ENTJs that you don't see in INTJs because of their Se.

INTJs, with inferior Se, are prone to getting lost in their heads and losing sight of the reality around them. They can fixate on planning to the detriment of doing (conversely, the ENTJ might be too quick to act sometimes) since they don't necessarily feel compelled to see their visions made manifest in the way an ENTJ does. They also seem to have a difficult relationship to sensual pleasures (food, sex, etc.). Some of them are way overindulgent and have an obvious vice, whereas others are completely abstinent. There seems to be a struggle to moderate.&gt; It was a great question and I'm glad I could help.

I couldn't help but giggle, wondering to what degree this was organic and to what degree this was a deliberate response to "The words of affirmation thing is so huge for me"Even if it was calculated, it was probably genuine. A calculated response is not inherently dishonest.&gt; intuitives are open to new ideas and opinions

This is a vast oversimplification.The actual problems with this subreddit:

* Too many trolls unchecked. I see them all the time; people who post obviously cliched or negative comments that are almost always downvoted, but the mods are evidently asleep at the wheel or don't care. You can look at their account history and clearly see it is a troll account.

* Too much focus on intra-community politics RE: certain types being oppressed. It's a problem when I see this nearly as often as actual MBTI discussion.

* Ironically, given what I just said, too much "typism". That is, people relying on oversimplified stereotypes and generalizations that treat human beings as way less complicated than they actually are. Not so much intuitive bias as it is not understanding and using MBTI on a deep level. Bullshit like "ESFPs are bad at logic", "INTPs don't have emotions", etc. Asinine bullshit that vastly overestimates how different people are by trying to assign fundamental aspects of the human experience to MBTI types.

* Too much stuff that belongs on /r/relationships and /r/dating (though admittedly this is more of an issue for the various type subreddits, and it's an issue for ALL of them). You'd be surprised how much of this stuff is universal and has nothing to do with MBTI.

This is what I do. I think Socionics has some interesting ideas but a lot of BS too.I think it's subsided a BIT, but for a while it seemed like most of the alleged ISTPs hanging around /r/mbti were just troll accounts. Who the fuck knows what their actual MBTI was.This would be very hard to do because it is not a system that lends itself well to what you're describing. An INFP is similar to an ENFP in some ways, similar to an INTJ in other ways, similar to an ISFP in yet other ways, etc. The letters (I/E, N/S, T/F, J/P) themselves constitute a best fit. It's just that you can't easily arrange them radially.I was bored and attempted to do this anyway: https://imgur.com/Ucp8wdc

Reasoning: I consider the introvert and extravert variants to be the most similar, so I grouped them together as the "same type".

I then went by the letters, not functions, since we're doing a "best fit" analysis and put the P and J variants next to each other, since this seems to be the most difficult/contentious of the letters to type, indicating that these types are similar.

From there I just tried to do my best guess to link the 4 groups I had more or less created.It's trickier when Ni/Si is the aux function since ENJs and ESJs are not day dreamy types.I think it's as good as its gonna get. I still don't like it though. ISTJs are more similar to INTJs than ISFJs (imo), for example.This 100% describes my relationship to sports. Most years I only end up doing this for the Super Bowl cuz inevitably someone I know throws a party, and hey, parties are fun.I'd say Ni is more like thinking in terms of universal archetypes. Plato's theory of forms is actually a pretty solid metaphysical metaphor for how Ni works.Being in your head is more a function of introversion than intuition. An ISFP will be in his head more often than an ENTP.All of them are "brain processes" so in a literal sense they are all "in your head." What's important is whether your focus tends to be on the outside world (where the processing is happening in your head but your focus is external) or on the subjective impact of the outside world on yourself (e.g. in your head).

Everyone is "introverted sometimes" but an ENTP is going to rely heavily on Ne which is very much an outside-focused function by definition. If the things you are identifying as Ne are thought processes or experiences that are primarily in your head, disconnected from the world around you, I would argue that you are misidentifying those processes as being Ne.I mistyped as an INTJ for a while, largely because it is very similar to ENTJ and I didn't identify with the stereotype of the ENTJ as a corporate daredevil that always wants to be in charge.

It wasn't any one thing that made me realize I was wrong so much as an accumulation of inconsistencies as I learned more about MBTI, functions, etc. It's pretty clear to me now that I definitely use Te more than Ni and underestimate my desire to "be in charge", though I don't aspire to this in any official capacity (managing people sounds like hell).Oh we'll get cuddly with the right person, in private.Both NTJs like concrete results but *especially* ENTJs. Ni more influences how they perceive the world and determine the kinds of results they want.* ENTJ
* Reluctantly in favor
* I generally favor anything that decentralizes power and limits government scope, but I also am concerned that the motivations behind it are a desire to have a more authoritarian government than the EU would permit.I'm betting ESTJs are ahead of ENTJs as well. They seem really over-represented in upper management.TIL giving insightful advice is an ENFP thing.It's one you can afford to pay, what with all the money :)Small amount: Slightly energizes me and makes it easier to focus

Moderate amount: More of the above along with some euphoria (though not nearly on the level of, say, booze or weed)

Large amount: Difficulty focusing, jittery, anxious, nauseous I'm gonna be the voice of opposition here. I am a caffeine addict (2 cups of coffee a day) and I really wish I wasn't. You end up drinking caffeine just to be normal, like you normally would be without it if you weren't addicted, and you get tired, headaches, etc. without it.

It's unlikely to be doing me any real harm but it's definitely not a huge benefit to my life.Life is fatal.Enter the ENTJ, lolWhat would make a dark or pessimistic INFP more like an INTP than a regular one?There's your answer; INFPs are existentialists, INTPs are analytical philosophers :)

(Interestingly, in this regard, INTJs are more like INFPs than INTPs. Must be an Fi thing)Assuming there weren't some weird extenuating circumstances that justified it, I feel like I'd have no option, morally, but to turn them in. I would not do it anonymously as that strikes me as cowardly.&gt; In reality you're a natural IXFJ who uses so much Fe all the time that you will appear to be extroverted from a personality standpoint. 

This isn't how it works. The definition of a dominant function is that it is the one you primarily rely on and your most used function. It makes no sense to say "You use Fe most of the time but Ni is your dominant function".

Extraverted judging functions are about what conclusions you are focused on and how you arrive at them, not about how much you like socializing. There is no "socializing" function; this is just a thing humans do in general.

The only layer of confusion being added is by people who try to map the every day, non-MBTI definition of introversion/extraversion onto MBTI when it doesn't fit.In fairness, it is very unlikely that I am an ESTP and I would totes handle a game like this by going on the offensive right off the bat."What does it profit a man to gain the world and lose his own soul?"Try to live life like normal and handle the emotional waves as they come. Over time they happen less frequently and less severely until they are gone.No, if two people get the wrong results in a semi-scientific internet personality test, it was never meant to be.ENTJ. The only physical skills I've invested time into are exercise related. Mainly, weightlifting and some bodyweight/yoga exercises.

In terms of developing the skills, I usually try to quiet my mind and really focus on my body. Doing this, it usually becomes fairly intuitive when you are breaking form because it's obvious that you're either engaging muscles you shouldn't be, or something feels in pain or awkward/uncomfortable. Over time, you get better and better at not making mistakes and knowing when an exercise feels right.

In terms of comparing it to non-physical skills, I'd say it's fairly different. It is similar in that all skills improve with practice, but the approach one uses in directing effort towards improvement is different. Writing code, for example, does not require body awareness or quieting my mind, and I can much more easily enter a flow state without much effort. I don't have to *try* to think about writing code since it is inherently a mental activity, but I do have to try to think about moving my body, since by default I do this without much thought.Sometimes, sure.What is the distinction between "generalized" and "abstracted"?Source? I'm skeptical enough to wonder if someone made this image precisely to make a post like this.The Foetus.Wtf is "Ultra-Capitalism"?TIL there's such a thing as "Ultra-Capitalism" and evidently that is what I believe.I won't say I never get embarrassed, but it's not uncommon for me to not be embarrassed by doing something that whoever I am with (SO, friends, etc.) is embarrassed by, and to be asked not to do a thing that to me seems harmless to do.Dignity is for the weak!I love work that I am passionate about, or whose end result I am looking forward to. Everything else is shitty.1. ENTJ

2. sx/sp

3. My relationship to Fi has always been difficult. I kind of envy ENTJs that seem disconnected from it; for me, it is a constant source of existential angst and questioning of myself. Much of my personal growth has arguably been taming the Fi monkey on my back. I'm not sure I can easily pinpoint how my relationship with Se has changed over time. Perhaps becoming a bit more bold, aggressive, and risk taking as I get older?Not working for me either. It looks kinda like it might've been hacked. WHOIS and DNS information all look OK (looks like it's hosted on DreamHost), and it's a WordPress site:

http://25quiz.com/license.txt

He probably didn't keep his shit up to date or installed some janky plugins with security vulnerabilities and got hacked as a consequence. Hopefully he kept a backup of the site so he can restore it.Libertarian - ENTJI think intp and intj should be switched.I dunno if I have anything solid enough to have an argument, nor is it really worth the effort to change someone's comment on a Reddit post, lol. I was more just expressing an opinion.I'm not an INFP, but even apart from all the introverted "recharging" stuff people talk about:

Speaking for myself, I have lots of things I like doing that don't involve other people. It's really that simple. And this sounds kind of fucked up, but it's nice to not have to worry about someone else; if I wanted to watch a movie alone, and someone wanted to watch it with me, I would be thinking about how now I can't completely relax because there is someone else's needs, judgments, opinions, etc. I have to be constantly considering in the back of my head.

“A man can be himself only so long as he is alone; and if he does not love solitude, he will not love freedom; for it is only when he is alone that he is really free.” - SchopenhauerENTJ. Does GameGrumps count as Youtubers? That's what I am going with.

I'd say Danny is clearly an ENFP, and I'm not sure about Arin; maybe ISTP?Lol, you have more consideration than I do. If it's my friends, I'll just tell them I'm tired of being around people and go away to do what I want rather than find a toilet.Sam Harris is an INFJ.ENTJ, Self/Nature/MusicalHow is a Michael Pierce video struggling to get upvotes in an MBTI subreddit?He produces some of the best content on the topic. That being said, apparently I spoke too soon and the video is doing just fine.I couldn't get more than 30% through it cuz of the sheer cringe factor of it.It's becoming more and more the standard way young people date, so I doubt young ENTPs make a habit of avoiding it in general.So it's a clone of /r/mbtiIt's really important not to confuse structure with content. The functions are about how you process information, not what specific philosophical conclusions you draw. 

Additionally though, I don't know how one would interpret Fi to think it means "following the rules". It has nothing to do with that one way or the other."Why can't this place whose sole function is to enable interaction with people be empty?!"There are none. "Dead giveaways" = often inaccurate stereotypes.Not true. It takes a lot of understanding of the system, the functions, etc. and then a lot of experience with a person to have any hope of accurately typing them. People looking for "dead giveaways" are the ones giving the whole thing a bad name with their shitty attempts at typing people.
It was made by NFs. What do you *think* happened to it?rationalist...but I don't always choose to be. Sometimes I really will go with my gut over what makes the most mathematical sense.But are they good questions?I assume that's better than typing yourself though. If you try to type yourself using cognitive functions, there is 0 obscurity. Seems far easier than studying cognitive functions and applying those to yourself objectively. At least with this you can analyze your behavior in bite-size chunksThe third one, Fe-Ti doesn't fit with the story of the others.First try and I knew 95% of the words.

Your score is **29 out of 36**.
Your score is better than 64% of all participants.It's supposed to take years you gave into the circlejerk. Now you're just a basic bitch redditorISTJ for Affleck I could give you. However, I am unconvinced by your arguments for bale. Simply put he has all the mannerisms and speech of an Ni-DOM. Highly future oriented and goal oriented and very outside the box in thinking (low Fe and Si)So, you can't be an INTJ if you get lost and become unsure of yourself? I think you're stereotyping WAY too hard here. Go back to the cog functions

First and foremost, his "becoming a criminal to understand them" is entirely Ni-Se. He learns hands on and builds an intuition for what he wants to know. 

Second, he is not living out a subjective story based on principles and rules. He is in fact, living as a renegade vigilante which is highly despised by every SJ in the city. He was going to kill Falcone out of grip Se desperation. He finds salvation by literally deciding to become a metaphor for living on ones own terms. If that isn't the most crackpot INTJ concept, I'm not sure what is.Furthermore, he breaks away from Ra's Al Ghul's teachings in order to dress up as a bat and drive fast cars. More Se and highly unpractical crackpot Ni shenanigans.

There is absolutely no Ne anywhere on his stack. Se is clearly there. He's motivated by tertiary (taught) Fi principles. In fact, Ra's Al Ghul's teaches him to use his anger as fuel, not as a source of irrationality. You mistake Tertiary Fi motivations for Si (IMO)NJs like order. I'm still not seeing Si &gt; NiAh... I almost never agree with ZRE typings. Ni-DOM is perception dominance and Si-DOM is judging dominant. Nothing about his persona comes across as judgmental, so why doesn't he jump to the next logical conclusion of ISTP? Why Si? Well, he has a Batsuit, which is a reference to something in his past...(seriously, that's it??) 

He does an o.k. job of arguing in favor of certain functions, but a weak job arguing why they are introverted or extroverted.Hmm.. you're right. Not sure why I thought Si was JudgingYEStoo much caffeine?the math checks outhttp://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm 

Assumptions:
- The one taking the test knows oneself
- The one taking the test answers honestly

- **Adam West**: ISFJ (Batman)
- **Val Kilmer**: ISTJ (Batman Forever)
- **George Clooney**: ESFJ (Batman and Robin)
- **Christian Bale**: INTJ (Dark Knight Trilogy)
- **Ben Affleck**: ENTJ (Batman vs Superman)

Does anyone think otherwise? 
- Cognitive Process	Level of Development (Preference, Skill and Frequency of Use)
- extraverted Sensing (Se) 	**************************  (26.2)
average use
- introverted Sensing (Si) 	****************************  (28.1)
average use
- extraverted Intuiting (Ne) 	****************************  (28.2)
average use
- introverted Intuiting (Ni) 	**********************************  (34.3)
good use
- extraverted Thinking (Te) 	************************************  (36.4)
excellent use
- introverted Thinking (Ti) 	****************************  (28.1)
average use
- extraverted Feeling (Fe) 	***************************  (27)
average use
- introverted Feeling (Fi) 	********************************  (32.3)
good use
- Summary Analysis of Profile
By focusing on the strongest configuration of cognitive processes, your pattern of responses most closely matches individuals of this type: INTJ

I have Te &gt; Ni but I got INTJ?
Unless you intentionally made this face to fool us and you're really totally different (I suspect its this), I'd say ISTP, INTP and maybe, but just maybe, INFJ.

Also possible that you're an ISFP, but I'd narrow it down to ISTP/INTP.From my personal experience there are actually plenty of connections between facial characteristics and type, but fine.I have zero doubt you're an ISFP. The things you described fit perfectly into your function stack, and you're pretty developed for your type.

* You have a very strong sense of what's right and wrong at almost any given moment, which is a big indicator of your dominant function, Fi (Introverted Feeling). Just by looking at your post, you can see that you have a strong sense of self. (I am X, I'm good/bad at X, I can't/will stand for X, etc.), which is what dominant Fi is all about.

* You're laid back, spontaneous and you absolutely love new experiences and they make you feel alive. That's de facto your Se (Extroverted Sensing), which helps to support your Fi, which (from your post) seems to be the core of your personality.

* When you're feeling anxious, stressed, or insecure, like for example around people you don't know, your Fi (primary function) and Se shut down, and you go into a reserved, rational, straightforward, and emotionless state. That's by-the-book inferior Te, which undoubtedly makes you an ISFP. On the other hand, when you're comfortable again, your two primary functions (Fi and Se) kick in and you're back to being open and talkative again.

All in all, you seem like a great ISFP with very balanced out functions, and amazing Se. Initially I wanted to say ESFP, but your inferior Te was a dead giveaway.

In response to /u/2131qw , you cannot be an ISFJ, because: a) you don't have any traces of Si (Introverted Sensing), and b) it would mean you'd have to have inferior Extroverted Sensing, but in your case its one of your core functions.Honestly I've got no clue. Questions aren't really related to your personality so I can't draw any conclusions from there.

But, looking at your tone, you definitely strike me as one of those intorverted hardcore realists, so maybe ISTP or INTP....Yep, ENTP.

Your Ne was aaaaaall over your post, and you love bro types like ESTP's, ENFP's, and ISTP's.

Easy going, hates rules, racing thoughts, and loves to just have fun. ENTP. 10/10 would type again

&gt; ah man. Why do you guys basically jerk off when you see a stop sign. Seriously, you guys are obsessed with rules! It annoys the crap out of me because 90% of rules in today's society don't make sense...and I have severe ODD. I like ticking you guys off and pushing your buttons more than any other type (INTJ and NFJ exception)... Because you guys take my easygoing nature way to serious.4/10

Oh commooooon, we're not all like that. I'm an ENTJ and none of these things are true for me! God dang it, those basic ENTJ's are ruining our image.INTJ's, ESTJ's, and from my experience, unhealthy ENFP's can be huuuuuge grudge holders.

Personally as an ENTJ I rarely ever hold grudges unless you directly attacked me where I'm weakest.You don't have to worry about stereotypes at all. Type stereotypes are often very inaccurate because they assume how a person **should** behave, without giving any regards to personal development and the fact that each person, regardless of his/her type, is totally unique.

As an ENTJ I barely fit into my stereotypes (though under the "perfect" circumstances I believe I would).

MBTI isn't about "behavior", its about how your mind/brain works. If you're a certain type but don't fit into the perceived stereotypes, that most likely means that you've developed yourself (as a person) beyond those stereotypes, which I think is that case for you. :)

The reason ISFP's are often regarded as artists, writers and photographers is because it is assumed that you will channel your inner feelings, values, and thoughts (dominant Fi) through something in the real world (auxillary Se). You personally have a very, very strong Se, so you've simply grown out of that basic stuff that's associated with your type. You love photography and music (Fi), but it is not your only way of connecting with the world.I'm somewhere in between the INTJ and ENTJ. I'm definitely open to the idea of there being something greater than us, but even if there is, that *something* is in no way, shape, or form similar to modern day religions and what people believe in.

Modern day religions are simply thousands of years old habits that will hopefully die out in the future as people become more informed, educated, and open minded.Awesome, I'm glad that I helped. :)And I hate that I'm only 5'6. All types are good at something. For instance, you have the ability to care for others and the sense to help other people, something that an INTJ will never,ever have.ESTJ. Wants to be in control and have stability (dominant Te and inferior,insecure Fi), lacks vision, wants to repeat their parent's life (ewww) which is typical for introverted sensors.If introverted sensors sees that something that was successful in the past, they'll want to repeat it. For an ESTJ, having very successful parents would mean that they wouldn't give too many thoughts about building a life or a path of their own, they'd want to repeat what their parents did because "it works".

My bad, maybe I should've have said "typical", but in OP's context its a bonus point towards being an ESTJ.ENTJ.

Working as a manager in a huge company. Doesn't necessarily have to be my own.INTJ, definitely. The difference between INTJ's and INFJ's is that INTJ's have introverted feeling (as their third function), whilst INFJ's have **extroverted** feeling (as their second function).

All of the things you mentioned in the first paragraph are a result of introverted feeling (Fi) being your third function. You use logic and consider the consequences (your dominant Ni and your secondary function, Te) but at the same time you try to do what feels **right**. That's your third Fi, whose function (pun intended) is to bring balance to your primary two functions.

You feel strong emotions with art, music or literature because that's simply what Fi is. It focuses your experiences and "translates" them into something personal.

INFJ's on the other hand, focus on **other people**, and have no issues whatsoever connecting to others on an emotional level. As an INTJ, you simply do not have that because of your introverted feeling, which makes your emotions focused inwards and onto yourself.

You're not very emotional, and you consciously try not to hurt other people's feelings, which is another point towards my previous argument that your Fi balances out your two primary functions, Ni (introverted intuition) and Te (extroverted thinking), making you de facto an INTJ.

**TL;DR - You're an INTJ and your emotions are focused inwards, which is your third function (introverted feeling), rather then outwards like for INFJ's.**I try my best to break as many stereotypes for ENTJ's as possible. To be fair, *technically* speaking the stereotypes for my type are true, and your *perfect* ENTJ would probably fit into the majority of them, but rarely anybody is the *perfect* "specimen" of their type, especially ENTJ's who are quite complex.

Other than that, they do not affect me. But to be honest before I researched the functions they did give me a lot of confusion and made me think that I'm an INTJ because "hey, that's not exactly how I behave".Damn, now that's a proper INTP-style post. Totally agree with all of this.

I'm not sure about other types, but /r/entj is actually more or less pretty accurate. They all sound like a bunch of businessmen and are far too professional, but the general mindset is mostly spot on.Yes he has. He doesn't have any traits of extroverted feeling, but his introverted feeling is obvious, as I've stated in my post.

You don't necessarily have to type someone based solely on their dominant function. OP has Te, and he has Fi, he's most likely an INTJ.This is all far too subjective and you're making it overly complicating for the OP.

The first two paragraphs is pretty much what I said, OP's emotions are focused inwards rather then outwards.

&gt; Both types are very similar

They are absolutely not. Behavior-wise sure, but their core personalities are totally different.

&gt; INTJ's are pretty clueless for romance

Which is also what I said. INFJ's are focused outwards, towards other people, INTJ's are not. Simple as that.

Unlike INFJ's, INTJ's won't pick up on the hints, which is something OP has noted.

**In short: OP is not an INFJ**No problem, glad I could help you out.She's an ISFP without question. Her entire story arc is based off of her growing and developing Fi.

The Hound is that hardcore realistic ISTP, who sees the world for what it really is.ENTJ.

Harvey Specter from the series Suits. I know he's a fictional character, but imo he's a perfect example of ENTJ's. He doesn't fit into a lot of stereotypes, but the ENTJ's strengths, weaknesses (especially this), mindset, and the personality as a whole are perfectly portrayed with his character.That pretty much describes me in middle school (pre-high school). Thanks OP, glad I'm not the only one who went through all of that.

Also, consider this: If you feel bad about being rejected by others, especially if it makes you sad or depressed, you're probably an extrovet. An introvert wouldn't care too much about being rejected, but an extrovert would break him/herself trying to change and fit in (which is pretty much what happened to me).Its alright bro. Don't even bother with Pierce. His videos are pretty confusing for beginners and his voice makes me fall asleep.Damn, this is a tough one.

Definitely some Se here, though I would place it somewhere lower (you don't like loud environments, you enjoy fine food, etc.) but honestly I don't see where people are seeing dominant Te.

If anything, you dislike business oriented folk (as a Te-dom, I love them), you have a routine life, but at the same time hate repetition at work, you're very emotional (lower Fi), you have to concentrate hard to analyze what you're saying (lower Se), you want to create your own tv series/film and be the best (high Ni).

So far, I'm torn between ISTJ and INTJ, but you strike me more as a very extroverted INTJ rather then ISTJ (you hate conservatives , you can't stand routine, and you're focused on the future).

Its maybe possible that you're an ESFP, but I highly doubt it. You're Se seems to be third or fourth in your stack (you don't like loud environments, you enjoy fine food, tried drugs before for curiosity sake, and you have a hard time thinking analyzing you're talking).

For now, I'd say INTJ, but honestly I'd need more info.

Care to answer these questions for me mate?

1. What bothers you more – a lie, or an inaccuracy? More importantly, why?

2. What would be more likely to interest you – the promise of a new and exciting sensory experience that you have never had before (like, say, the chance to swim with dolphins), or something that provokes your imagination?

3. Have you always had a clear vision of what you wanted to achieve and become or did that change over time?

4. How "intuitive" would you say you are?

5. Which type annoys you most and why?She's not an ESFP. What you described are traits of dom-Fi, not dom-Se.

Her auxillary Se (ISFP) supports her decisions and motivate her to actually take action, but it is her Fi that primarily drives her.

For Arya, you have to look at **why** she's doing stuff. Everything she does and says, from "I don't want to be a lady" or making decisions solely on her present emotions, strongly shows you that she has Fi.

Only later on, as she grows up, her Se comes into play and motivates her to actually impact the world around her.Pull the breaks. She's an ISFP mate.She doesn't need to be reflective or think before she acts. You know whose an ESFP? Jamie. Because his *actions* are *supported* by his feelings, such as setting Tyrion free without considering the consequences (Se-Fi, inferior Ni).

Arya's *emotions* are supported by *actions*. Everything she does is because of her values or because of how she feels about something or someone.

Even at youth, she had a strong sense of self ("I don't want to be a lady!") and was closely tied to people to loved her. Hence, when those people got hurt (Ned, Syrio), she made a list. But she had no idea how she was going to check people off that list.

Only as she grew up, and her Se developed more, did she start taking *action* for that list.

But first and foremost, at the core of her personality, is her Fi.To you, maybe. But honestly Pierce just strikes me as that guy who can't explain stuff well and just goes onto overly complicating theories whilst the listener falls asleep and thinks "Ok, get you just get to the point please?"

Ask me anything you need about functions mate, I'll explain it far better then Pierce can.INTJ/INFJ no doubt.

Most likely INFJ (yes,really) because of the following:

1. You have strong Ni. That much is certain.

2. You have Se, even though its pretty weak.

3. You don't have the cold, logical tone that INTJ's have, and you're annoyed by Te traits from other Te-doms like ENTJ's. And you're not motivated by money or business opportunities.

4. You want to be seen as a friendly, kind and outgoing person, and you've always seen yourself like that. This is probably your *introverted intuition* and *extroverted feeling* coming together.

5. You can easily "read" into people's minds (this is what I meant by "intuitive") -- Ni dom confirmed.

I'm not 100% sure, but you probably are.ESTJ's, ISTP's and ISTJ's are great at military. ENTJ can be in theory but they usually aren't the type who does military stuff.Because people think that dominant Ni is all cool and stuff, but don't realize it comes with the price of inferior Se, and there is absolutely nothing good that comes with inferior Se.

The same thing is with Te doms. They're all confident, driven, blunt and argumentative, but chances are every ENTJ is a little broken inside (talking from experience here).Do you even functions bro? Ygritte is an ESTP.ENTJ. Very attentive to my sorroundings and people who walk by, walking very fast, determined movement.You and me both bro.All of what you said is assuming that personality and functions are based off your *behavior*. That is not true. Yes, you can *behave* like a Te, but if your brain is wired like an Fe then that's how its going to be at its core.

People will always fit into their function stack. However, every person's functions will be developed differently, which is a product of environmental effects (how you were raised, your beliefs, attitude, culture, psychological traits, past experiences, etc.), meaning things that individually impact us as people on a daily basis. 

Think of it like a graph with 4 functions. Every function interacts with one another, which makes up a person's personality, and the result is based off of how strong or weak each function is. The personality is the same, but every person is going to get a slightly different end result due to individual function development.

Thus, an INTP might show a much bigger tendency towards his inferior function, Fe, then his Si, because he uses that function more on a daily basis, or because that's simply how his current state of mind is.

What a *lot* of people simply fail to recognize, is that functions **aren't** about behavior, they are about how your mind is wired and how it works at its core. Behavior commonly associated with certain functions or a personality type simply *may* arise from that behavior if the person's personal development has been at least somewhat stable throughout his life.

When you get a description of a personality type's stereotypic behavior, it is always assumed that that's how the person *should* behave under the perfect circumstances and assuming that no outside factors impacted that person. Sometimes, that might happen, but in the majority of cases it won't because every person is *unique*, and their behavior and visible traits will depend on the everyday things that impact us as people.

I know people who perfectly fit into their personality's stereotypes, but I also know people who are obviously the same personality type, but they exhibit their functions differently.

Its a pretty vague explanation, but I'll leave the more in-depth explanation to our INTP's and INTJ's.This belongs to the "Best of Reddit" subreddit. I'd honestly give you a gold for this if I could.

Very, very well written, even though I don't understand half of the text.Sorry, what?ENTJ.

ESFP's, ENFP's and ESTP's are an absolute blast to flirt like crazy with. They get the teasing and can easily read in-between the lines and come back at you with the same. 10/10 would flirt with again

Introverts can be fun to flirt but since they usually don't back at you it can get boring after a while.ENFP.INFP/ISFP.Fuck yes mate, Doctor Who. &lt;3

Ne-dom.ISFP, 100%.ISTP/ESTP.Not at all actually.

INTP?Hm.....you have that smart-ass look. INTJ?INFJ.You can type by appearance. ISTP or ESFP.INTP/INTJ.Hmmmm....possibly INTJ.

INTP maybe?There is only one true ENTJ song: [Hall of Fame](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk48xRzuNvA)Hm....ISTP? You do have that down-to-earth look.What's that *one* things that tilts to scale to one side or the other when you're *really* torn on a decision?

What's that *one* thing that you always try to stick to (be it a principle, a belief, behavior, etc.), regardless of the circumstances?

What is that *one* thing that you can always rely on for stress relief that always makes you feel better?

Whats one part of yourself that you aspire to, that you want to achieve?You definitely are an introvert, no doubt about that.

You have that soft look in your eyes/facial structure that often reminiscent of kind-hearted, friendly slightly-introverted FP's.

Alright, third luck's the charm: ISFP.Haha, I knew somebody was gonna say that. :D

Well, to be honest, a lot of people have those soft, kind-hearted looks that remind me of N/SFP's. The few sharp, focused looks that I saw I totally typed as ENFP's, ESTP's and INTJ's.ESFJ or ISFJ.Gotta be INTJ or INTP. Just gotta be. Dat look.INFP. Right?How do you deal with a complex/difficult situation or task? Do you try to break it down part by part and try to understand it, and then come up with a solution.....or do you take your time to try to analyze it internally by yourself? And then for some reason, at some time, the right answer just comes to you out of nowhere.From my experience, imo "The Executors". Give them a task to carry out in an efficient matter and don't bother them with details of why and how.

ENTJ, on the other hands, would be "The Directors".Sorry mate, your link's broken, so I can't really know what you mean.

I feel you, though. I was in a similar situation due to my ENFP mother and ISFJ father (yep, glorious combination) until I finally snapped out of it.Well it could be that you simply developed this behavior over the years, much like I developed being super nice to others.

Do you *feel* like an INTJ though? If your mind works like that of an ISFP its a totally different thing.Hmm....it sounds like tert. "just enjoy the moment" Se.

But what about the first question? Your tertiary function is *all* about balancing out your primary two and bringing in new perspectives and thoughts when your two functions aren't able to handle something.

So, for example, if you always try to keep some sort of moral compass or personal values in mind when making a decision, it could be your tertiary Fi (introverted feeling), which bring balance to your primary two (Introverted Intuition and Extroverted Thinking) in terms of the things that are important to you.

On the other hand, if your tertiary is for example Ne, you could always be tempted to look outside of the standard box that introverted sensors have and occasionally come up with unique and creative ideas when your two functions can't handle it by themselves.Fellow ENTJ sister is that you?In that case it could very well be tert. Fe (extroverted feeling), making you either an ENTP or an ESTP. Thoughts? Would these types fit you?

Also, what you should try is type yourself based on your *inferior* function, aka. your biggest weakness.Then its very possible you're an INTJ/INFJ.

Are you more people or goal/plan oriented?

And would you say that being connected to the external world is your biggest weakness? Do you tend to be sometimes overwhelmed by all that's going on around you and just need some time to space out?Yep, a quite rational vibe actually. ISTP?Its just a stereotype.

In that case I would place you as an INFJ. You're without a doubt an Ni-dom (Introverted Intuition) and the fact that you don't want to hurt other's feelings shows your second function, extroverted thinking.

Finally, just to put the final nail, would you say this is accurate for you? As an INFJ, your tert. function is introverted thinking (Ti).

As an auxiliary function, Ti manifests as the organization of the user’s pre-existing knowledge in a logical, systematic format.

The tertiary-Ti monologue: *Where does this new hunch or piece of information I’ve acquired fit in relation to what I already know to be true?*Nailed it! :DThat's your Ni mate, so it means you could be an Ni-dom.Nailed it! :D (mostly)I'm gonna need some context here mate. What exactly wouldn't be ideal?Yep, probably INFJ. You sometimes use your dominant Ni, but at other times when it can't handle something by itself, you switch over to your tert. Ti.Absolutely.Because the way you described your Se, perfectly fits into the traits of the inferior Se.

You're quite clumsy, and tend to space out, but at certain times you do have moments of good reflexes. You tend to space out a lot in times of stress, and you all in all find it very hard to stay focused on the external world unless something interests you.

Those are all "by the book" strong traits of inferior Se.

And as such, it means you have to be an Ni-dom. All INTJ's and INFJ's (which I believe is your type) have inferior Se and dominant Ni.I'm so good, I astound myself sometimes!

On a serious note though, ESFP's and ENFP's can be truly amazing sometimes. Also, well developed INTP's can be really, really interesting to talk to.Of course. &lt;3Nailed it! :DENTJ

Honestly I listen to whatever sounds good to me, but if I had to pick one genre, I love listening to a combination of blues/alternate rock. So for example:

[Cold War Kids - First](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZzJ78FWjl8)

[The Black Keys - Gold On The Ceiling](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yCIDkFI7ew)

[Ima Robot - Greenback Boogie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Slgj96aXgQk) (Suits FTW)

[The Heavy - How you like me now](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVzvRsl4rEM)

[Dave not Dave - Cold Blood](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCJXRCs7IQc) (Suits &lt;3 )

Honorable mention:

[Epic Rap Battles of History](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99-n42Xb6NQ) (Fucking love these guys)

You should've mentioned that. In that case its most likely INTJ, you only have a more developed Fi.Oh, I thought that was.....nevermind. Though that would've been a much more interesting discussion.

Regarding the OP. In case you were actually serious and not a shitposter.....no....just no.Hold on are we talking about fetishes that certain types/functions may have (what I was referring to), or fetishes *about* functions?I know this is all directly from Jung itself, but honestly I think the majority of his text is far too hard and complex for an ordinary reader.

Whilst these descriptions are definitely spot on, newcomers to MBTI (aka. everyone who isn't actively studying it) will have no idea what they just read.

If you want to make a post detailing the inferior functions, I'd honestly suggest you try with more simple explanations. There are *plenty* of sources online where you can find very,very accurate "translations" of Jung's text on inferior functions.Seconded.Character deaths are a trend now, and we're kinda getting used to it. Not to mention that people are dying all around us: TV series, movies, books, real life.....when a pet dies, that's something more uncommon.That's your Fe, which appears to be weak at this point. And FJ's should know better then to just hurt you like that.

Work on your Fe buddy, its all gonna be great. Can't be worse then inferior Fi getting rejected over someone whose apparently "better" than you.Common buddy you're making this subreddit look bad. :P

No way is she an Fi dom or an INTP. And her notes of Te/Ti were actually pretty spot on.INTJ without a doubt. I could tell what your type was by point 10.

You have very strong signs of dominant Ni -- spotting foreshadowing, thinking about the future, your diary which you use to transfer your inner world and thoughts into reality, you're a bit of a perfectionist, you have a lot of ideas but you're not exactly sure how to make them a reality, you hate things that are pointless (Ni needs purpose and meaning), work first - play later, you're a little reserved, etc. etc.

If we're going only by your points, your Te and Se sound like they're pretty weak. You definitely have them, but they're buried underneath your dominant Ni (in this case, it really is your *"dominant"* function).

I would suggest you push yourself a bit more into the world. It may not be easiest thing ever due to your inferior Se, but if you could develop your Te and Se a bit more you would make a fantastic INTJ. Your dominant function is already established, you simply need to learn how to use it to its fullest potential, and that means balancing out your function stack.

Work on projects, talk to people, spread your area of influence, try to be more in charge in life, and you'll probably be amazed with the results.Exactly. Your Ni was excellent and your Se was low. That's INTJ right there.

My advice is not to rely on tests too much. They can be good short-hand, but if you wanna get real results its far better to learn the functions yourself.Well it doesn't *mention* Se but you can see plenty of inferior Se in her other points and when she's describing things. Plus the whole diary thing is pure inferior Se.Yes, that's inferior Se, because your dominant function, Ni, prefers to only focus on one thing at once. That's what Ni is all about.

That's why I said that you should focus on developing your Te and Se because they will help you connect with the external world much better.I experienced the exact same issue when I was in middle school. It was the primary reason why I had doubts about my type because I thought that my extreme social anxiety (it really was hardcore) was actually my introversion. It was not, and only after moving to High School and getting away from that social circle was I back to normal.

If you *like* socializing and if it *doesn't* wear you out, you are not an introvert. Point blank, period.Depends. Se or Si? If its Si, I'd find a new job. Honest.Mods, can we please pin this? Thanks.

This, this, this, this. The *only* good way to develop your other functions is to just go out, and do stuff. There is nothing wrong with trying to engage in activities that require you to work with traits or abilities related to your other functions, especially if they're lower in the stack. Just thinking about them will barely do anything.

Even if you're bad at them at first, you'll get better very fast, and overall they're gonna make you feel better.

If a certain function is totally dead though, It doesn't necessarily have to be stuff directly related to that function (e.g. football for a hardcore Ni-dom), but as long as its *outside* of your dominant, everyday function, it helps. 

Like standard psychology says it: *"Get the fuck out of your comfort zone."*The "Indicator" part refers to the test. Functions are a whole other level bro.Absolutely.

From my experience, there will be chemistry and naturally good understanding between people when their functions support each other.

On the other hand if your functions are the opposite or conflict with one another, no matter how hard you try there will inevitably be conflict, simply because your mindsets and ways of thinking are completely different.&gt; My biggest point of confusion is that I recharge by being alone, and while I find probing conversation stimulating and nourishing, I always physically crash after spending time with people. I live with four other adults in a large house, but other than them, I only socialize online.

This means you're an introvert, and thus cannot be an Ne-dom. The reason introverts need to recharge is because their dominant function is naturally turned inwards.

The only exception to that is when you have social anxiety, in which case you're *afraid* of social interaction, but not exhausted by it.

You're probably only trying to push your extroverted functions into play a bit more than usual, so you're dominant function is naturally fighting back since it cannot handle the pressure of overwhelming connection to the external world.

&gt; However, the way I interact with people (when I choose to)

There's your key line: *"When I choose to"*. You *choose* to act in that way towards other people, but that is not your natural state of mind. Behavior does **not** equal to how your mind is wired, mate.

If you asked my friends, they would probably flat out tell you that I'm an ENFJ or maybe even an ESFP, but I'm actually not.

&gt; Is it possible to be an ENTP and a physical hermit?

Sorry to burst your bubble, but no. It seems to be that you only adopted those behaviors.Yes it does.

If your dominant function is an introverted one, you cannot be an extrovert no matter how hard you try or no matter how well you manage to cover it up.

You can develop your extroverted functions to the point where you can completely mask it, but if at the end of the day you're still exhausted by social interaction, you're an introvert.Harvey Specter from the series Suits.

Fucking love his character, fucking love the show.Wait, I can no longer have (Master Race) tagged alongside my fabulous ENTJ flair? Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!

Also, why are ENTJ's black? We should have a voting where every type decides in the comment section which color they want.Give me 2 pitchforks. I'll be at the front of the crowd.Just give us a voting (either in the comments section or third-party site) on which type should have what color.

I vote teal for ENTJ's.The two types I totally different, I honestly couldn't say.

For an INFP, I guess you could say a darker INFP would be more aggressive and assertive due to the pressure from their inferior Te.My bad. In that case, you are correct.

Still, OP said that social contact exhausts him and he needs time to recharge. That's still introversion.Yes, we can definitely tell how this person works just from two text screenshots.

10/10 would type again

Dude, we need faaaar more information than this. What is she like?ENTJ: **"I know what I want, and I know exactly how to get what I want."**I actually don't drink at all that much. Honestly I just never saw it too appealing. Sure, a bit of alcohol here and there is great, but generally, no. Especially after seeing firsthand what it does to people on an everyday basis.As a part of the glorious Master Race, I'm perfectly satisfied with being an ENTJ, with all of my strengths and weaknesses.What you described for ENTJ's is more fitting for brazen, who-cares-about-the-consequence type of ESTP.

If I was the ENTJ, I would've made alliances before the game even began, and then at the very start of the match strategically direct each of my allies to a single part of the field to wreck as much damage as they could and elect a few of them to protect our flags.Unhealthy ENXJ. Probably ENFJ.I tend to procrastinate if I don't give a crap about something or if I intuitively know I can manage or solve something if I do procrastinate, but every time I do there's this nagging voice in the back of my head that pushes me to do it, even if I **know** I can allow myself to do it.

Whilst I can definitely enjoy procrastination, I admit that if I procrastinate something too much I will eventually become irritated and unintentionally angry with myself until I finally do it.

I'm more inclined to procrastinate if I don't have an exact deadline or if I won't get some kind of reward or pay back from it, or a "reason" as I like to tell myself when I remind myself that I'm an asshole for expecting rewards.&gt; Knowledge is power.

Guards, seize /u/ZucchiniJuice . Cut his throat. Stop,wait.....I've changed my mind, let him go. Step back three paces. Turn around. Close your eyes. Power is power. Do see if you can take some time away from your posts and your questions to locate the Stark girl for me. [I would very much appreciate it](https://youtu.be/zdRJybJ047I?t=1m47s).Ni and Fi doms. Ti doms too if they lack external stimulation.An ENTP to help us with ideas and an ISTP to help us build stuff so we can escape the island.'Nuff said.I get along worst with ISFJ's and ISFP's. ESFP's and ESFJ's are cool, though."What are your choices when someone puts a gun to your head? You take the gun, or you pull out a bigger one. Or, you call their bluff. Or, you do any one of a hundred and forty six other things."Of course. Not gonna lie, ESFP's are amazing in bed.

On a more serious note though, I really do enjoy them as people.As far as I know, not much. But I believe there could be some some relation between the inferior function and a certain disorder, e.g. inferior Ne = Paranoia, Inferior Se = Anxiety, etc.

But its just a guess.Challenge accepted.

INFJ or INTJ. Has to be.Yes it is, regardless of the stack in the function.You sound very much like an INTJ whose gotten into the grip of his inferior function, Se (junk food, disorganized environment, lack of care for the future, etc.). You're Te looks to be very strong (problem solving, efficiency, money, etc.) but I think Ni is still your dominant function (bad at explaining things, understand abstract things but with no logic, etc.).

I'd even consider you for an ENTJ but it seems your inferior function is Se since you stop caring about the physical world rather than getting curled into an emotional ball of self-pity like I do when I'm in the grip.True, but its possible that many of these people mistyped themselves due to a lack of understand of how functions work or deeper knowledge of MBTI.What's your type mate?My Te immediately attempts to rationalize it, but my Fi very often breaks through with feelings doubt, self-blame, and inferiority and I get caught in a tug of war between Te and Fi.

I pretty much turn into the wojak/feels guy and board the feel train.Fair enough.

Regardless, its pretty worrying that 43% of people have Si.....How do you know that and which traits of yourself did you associate with introversion?

This is important because, for example, if you're constantly in your own world/mind and ignore the outer environment, you're probably an Ni dom. On the other hand, being all strong on personal values or feelings could easily make you an Fi-dom.Alright, the doctor is in. Lets figure out your type mate.

So start off, just a few super basic questions:

- What traits of your personality made you think that ISFJ's function stack in your onee?

- Why do you think you're no longer an ISFJ? Is it just because of Fe vs. Fi or is there more to it?

- Ignoring the functions, which type would you assign to yourself and **why**? What traits make you think you fit a certain type?**Ni** is more abstract. They deal heavily with intuition and predicting future events or where something leads to. They're focused on the future. They love to dwell on abstract concepts, ideas and thoughts, but due to their inferior function, Extroverted Sensing, they tend to have issues implementing those ideas and concepts into the real world.

They will also get an intuitive sense of how things work, but they won't be able to exactly explain it.

**Si** on the other hand, deals with past experiences. Si types are usually quite traditional, close-minded, and prefer to stick to already tried and tested methods of doing things. In fact, they're the opposite of Ni in pretty much everything.

They enjoy routine and dislike change, and their thoughts and decision making is heavily based on what happened in the past.What happened? Any potentially useful details could help me figure out your type.Chronis Daydreamer - Indicative of strong dominant Ni

Good listener - Indicative of introverts

Obstinant when stressed - Traits associated with inferior Se, the inferior function of INTJ's and INFJ's.

Intolerant of emotional decision making - INTJ's second function, Te, is all about this.

Love knowledge for its own sake - Again strong indication of dominant Ni. INTJ's and INFJ's love knowledge and collect it just for the fun of it.

Bored easily - Person needs stimulation, lacks connection with external world. Very similar to INTJ's and INFJ's.

Love trying to things, but only when offered - INTJ's/INFJ's like new things, but due to their inferior function Se, they're very reluctant to try it out on their own.

Quiet but not shy - Typical INTJ/INFJ. Smart, intelligent, strong, but will usually not speak unless they have something intelligent or meaningful to say.Well I've spend 3 years in the grip during a middle school crisis period, so as far as I know, there's no limit. It just makes the recovery back to normal all that much sweeter.

The potential reason the INTJ you work with seems to be more ambitious and in-charge is because his functions are all well balanced and he's not in a grip. Since he is in a busy workplace, his Extroverted Thinking is probably very well developed.

On the other hand, you've been in the grip for a while now, and while you're in that state your functions simply cannot work normally and develop, so you'd naturally avoid those positions.

Simply put, it sounds like you **want** to be there and be like your INTJ colegue, but whenever your two primary functions try to do it, they receive a big ass punch in the face from your inferior function.Yep, definitely ISFP. What you described are traits of your dominant function, introverted feeling (values, inner feelings, etc.) and the other traits are from your auxillary function, extroverted sensing (expressing yourself through arts, kinky in bed, etc.).

Final diagnosis from MBTI Doctor Orikon: **ISFP**.Nice, something fun for a change. Alright,lets go.

1) Mind-reading. Your mind is mine.

2) Orikon, obviously.

3) 3 - Mostly heroic. Emphasis on the **"mostly"**. Like, 85% heroic.

4) 5 - True neutral.

5) 5 - Some people know.

6) Nah bro. I'd go around in a fancy ass suit secretly reading people's minds.

ENTP, ESFP, and the ENFP do all the talking at first. INTJ, INTP silently observe whilst the INFJ tries her best to fit in.

After a few days the INTJ/INTP start to get along great with the rest of the group after they've internally analyzed the situation. More extroverted INTP's might join in immediately, but if we're talking about steretypical INTP's, no.Of course.Ok, I'm all for crazy threads, but this is just silly.&gt; Of course MBTIs don't always make or break a relationship

They do actually.

Most successful with: ESFP.

Least successful: INFP. I tried it. Never again.Extrovert in that case.

Don't worry bro, we all can't stand our mothers in law.What about your other functions?It can, maybe. But only if both of them have balanced out function stacks.Oh you're so sarcastic aren't you?What about the most introverted extroverted introvert?

Ok, in all seriousness. To answer your questions in order:

ENTP, INFJ's, ISTJ's, ESFP's/ESTP's.We tend to have personal weak spots and can get easily emotionally hurt.Look at the side bar links. Everything's explained there.

Also, your boss is pretty awesome for handing out MBTI tests.As an ENTJ, I tend to curse quite a fucking bit.Mother: ENFP

Father (unfortunately): ISFJ

Me: ENTJ

The parents are possibly one of the worst matches you can get together, and it shows in their everyday life.

I, however, am the Master Race.Short answer: No.

Long answer: Nooooooooooooooo.Thankfully they did.

The only thing I wish is that they did it sooner, instead of dragging it out for 6 years.ENTJ and I usually sleep in the yearner (hug dat pillow) and starfish position.

&gt; The yearer: A suspicious person with a very rational approach to life

&gt; Starfish: A good listener who likes to help whenever needed

Pretty good. I am very rational (ENTJ Master Race), and although I don't trust others easily, sure, I'll help you if you need it.Don't listen to these plebes.....its inferior Se.

What you're describing is your dominant Ni taking over and trying to take you back into your mind because the external world became too stressful.

Inferior Ni is when you make decisions with little to no regard to the actual consequences or when you actively fail to see how something will impact something else.When its unhealthy,yes (e.g. depression, mourning, etc.), but in usual day-to-day life, its what you described.Well what you described is inferior Se. If that's correct, then your dominant function has to be Ni.

If you don't understand it, doesn't mean its not your dominant function.What you're describing are parts of your tertiary Fi. In INTJ's, tertiary Fi's function (pun intended) is to check whether what Ni and Te are doing is considered morally good, and if its in relation to your personal values and stances.

&gt; what the purpose of life is to me

There you have it mate, that's your Ni. They key of any dominant Ni is finding meaning and purpose in life so that it can focus its vision and planning in that direction.

&gt; What does interpreting symbols even mean?

Its a bad description, I know.

It means that you're supposed to (emphasis on the *"supposed"*, pro tip: don't stick to stereotypes) find hidden, deeper meaning in your life's events and the things going on around you. Meaning that reflects on the vision and values that you have in your Ni and tertiary Fi.Determined.An interesting thread that isn't about Pokemon Go or "Type Me". Finally.

ENTJ's are often quite stereotyped as emotionless and detached. That can quite often be wrong.

In fact, from my personal experience, most ENTJ's who don't show their emotions don't do so because they dislike them, its because they are insecure about them.

However, if an ENTJ can master his/her emotions and get rid of that insecurity, the ENTJ can become a beautiful combination of confident, driven Te and a caring, supportive, but controlled, Fe.Keirsey is by far the simplest to understand and handle.No. Two completely different types, however their function stack is somewhat similar.

Its possible that you're either one of those but you haven't exactly figured out your functions yet.Confidence (heavy WIP, almost complete), and standing up to my inferior Fi's shenanigans.Because mistypes are annoying, and we don't need others spreading misinformation about types/functions in this sub. Simple as that.

Plus,when I see somebody is wrong,I have to correct them.I don't think this is related to any personality type. There has been a few studies, but nothing major.I love texting, but honestly I prefer to keep it for standard chit-chat.

Anything serious or more formal, and texting won't be ideal because it lacks any real interaction/communication (body language, facial expressions) beyond words themselves, which are heavily open to interpretation if you're not very careful.

Also, call me grammar nazi, but I always text with punctuations/grammar and don't use shorthands unless Im rly lzy.Any type that has imbalanced functions, with a preference to Fi and Ne types.
/sees links

Ok don't tell me its fucking Michael Moore

/clicks links

Yep, its fucking Michael Moore.

OP, here are some better links that you won't cause you to fall asleep: 

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/142863816372/type-spotting-te-v-ti

http://personalitytheorist.tumblr.com/post/128237528920/te-vs-ti

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/137908467362/type-spotting-fe-v-fi

Read these and you'll have a much better understanding of it.I'd say ENTP.

You have a lot of wittiness, love change, see the bigger picture, connect dots, are overall goofy, and you prefer to be outdoors to think (you need external stimulation) Those are all strong indicators of dominant Ne (Extroverted Intuition).

You are also in-tune with emotions (you can recognize and fake them), but to you they're more of an asset you can utilize rather than something you truly embrace.

That shows that Extroverted Feeling is your tertiary function, because if it were an inferior one you'd have problems dealing with other people's emotions, rather than mastering them.

Final Verdict: ENTPYes, what about him?Yeah, Michael Pierce, sorry.Hardcore Fi doms.

Like, how can you be so stuck in your own personal views, opinions and feelings that you just for once can't see something in a completely rationally and objectively and as it is.I know a lot of people don't really want to fight, and just can't control themselves at that moment or aren't really thinking about what they're doing, so I always give them time to recollect their thoughts and think carefully before hitting me.

Plus, being silver-tongued I believe I can solve any conflict without physical confrontation.

But if I have to fight I hit hard and try to disable my opponent and bring him down quickly (a kick to the stomach, and a knock or two down straight to the floor).

If the opponent is stronger and/or larger than me, I try to use my environment as much as I can.

But if its personal or if I'm really pissed off (happened once), I tend to play really dirty, inflict damage, and generally win at all costs.

Edit: Formatting.**Finally** somebody that thinks the same. And its a fellow ENTJ too! Hail the Master Race!

Seriously though, that guy's voice and the way he just overcomplicates things really grinds my gears. For some reason every plebe links his videos, but there are far better sources than him if anybody wants to learn about functions.I'm an ENTJ and my ideal partner is an......ENTJ.

Well shoot....

*Inferior Fi: See? Nobody likes you except your own type! Muhahaha!*

Shut up inferior Fi!Hillary is like the real life Frank Underwood....except she isn't an Intuitive, so I'd say ESTJ.Se and Fe users.

Especially Se users. &lt;3I wouldn't say kinky in terms of BDSM, but I'm really into rough stuff and male/female domination.Things I wish introverts understood:

* Just because I appear in charge and confident, doesn't mean I'm like that inside. In fact, I probably have more internal mess than you. We just know how to separate out internal stuff from how we behave on the outside, and we know that those two have nothing to do with each other.

* I can be as introspective and thoughtful as you are if I want to.

edit: formatingAwesome. I'm super glad somebody finally made a video instead of just posting a wall of text.

I'll give it my best shot:
* Just to shut down some arguments in the thread....you're **not** an Fi user like some people have suggested, because you are quite logical and structured when you're talking. You lack the *"personal touch"* that Fi users have. Phrases such as "I feel like", "It's like...", "To me....", "In my opinion..." are more prominent in Fi users because their opinions are filtered through their subjective Fi. In your case, you're more rational and use "I think..." much more.

* You're probably a Ti dom, specifically an INTP. *You look at things very rationally and objectively but you draw logical conclusions from your own internal analysis on the external world and data*. Plus, you eyes go a lot to right and left, which is a huge indicator of Ti. You have a lot of things you wanna say and you're trying to remember all the stuff and information and structure it in a logical way. For example, "I can tell you about these things, but I don't necessarily think its going to be helpful in....you....trying to determine...who I am as a person". You're breaking down info from your mind and trying to find the best way to make the other person understand it better. That's by-the-book Ti.

* You're open to possibilities and to see things from different angles. That's Ne.

In short, I'd say you're an INTP.* My future.
* How to improve things and make stuff better. Whether its my relationships with other people, my current job, my social status, etc.
* Interesting stuff I see/read on the internet.
* Hypothetical conversations and events.Yes. Its overly complicated, and MBTI/Functions are already proved to work.

If I was professionally gonna study philosophy and/or psychology, I might try Socionics, but otherwise its MBTI and day, any time.Gold for the Master Race.Ne and Te definitely.Definitely hands down a visual learner. Infographics and charts help me a lot.10 dollar idea mate.I think the picture for inferior Fe suits inferior Fi much better.ENTJ, Sanders. Fuck Trump. And especially fuck Clinton. Te black grid? No.

Te is strong, deep blue or red.I'm not a douchebag....most of the time. ESTJ's though....ISFP's....Lol, I love this. Its pretty accurate too.Goals, achievements and a fear of not meeting my own personal standards.Signed.ENTJ.

I love ESTP's and ESFP's. Very fun people to just relax and hang out with. 10/10 would befriend again- Cognitive Functions

- Interview each of the 16 types. Make sure there are no mistypes. Bonus point if they break stereotypes.

- Type dynamics

- Common mistakes people make when typing/self-typing.ENTJ's and ESTJ's.

But trust me, despite everything, we can be terribly insecure inside at times.I genuinely believe that the functions are true, even if we (right now) don't have a 100% correct way of confirming them. 

Even if the *"functions"* themselves aren't true, I think the processes that they describe that happen in our brains certainly are true.

MBTI tests on the other hand.....not so much. The best way to discover your type is to self-type, research functions, or have someone else who is researched type you. The reason MBTI tests don't work for some people is because of functions imbalances and because, at the end of the day, everybody is a unique person. Functions only describe how someone's mind works, not their behavior, which is something people often use to describe themselves when doing tests.

Behavior on the other hand, can be influenced by a variety of environmental factors.

We are, the stereotypes of the 16 personalities aren't all too good as comparison tools, because unless you grew up in an environment that's perfectly suited to your type, there are bound to be differences.

Stereotypes only assume how people *would* behave if in a perfect environment.ENTJ - Harvey SpecterENTJ - I can't handle personal, negative things and have a hard time dealing with personal insecurities or stuff that emotionally badly impacted me in the past.

Generally, even though I can manage it, I'm not best at dealing with feelings and tend to forcefully rationalize them and "shove them under the rug" until they become too much to handle.http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/

This guy has been running an mbti-focused blog for years and has a huge archive of everything you could possibly want to know about functions, and also answers questions on a daily basic.

If you don't wanna be bored out of your mind, just ignore Michael Pierce.&gt;Balkan countries are the top thinking

&gt;The top rationalist countries are Iran (32% !), South Asia and the Balkans

Lol no way. Here in Croatia there are so many introverted feelers and introverted sensors you can barely breathe.ENTJ

Smart guy, and the asshole.ENTJ (Master Race), M, 21

16personalites is a very mixed back. Good for casual typing, but anything else, I'd really suggest studying functions and self-typing.You guys can't get anything done and are stuck leaving things half-finished.

While you're playing around with ideas and possibilities, we're the ones taking the best ones and making them useful.

ENTJ Master Race!Sure, but you lack the efficient Te and the visionary Ni to actually make these ideas a reality and make the most of them in terms of profit, success, etc.ENTJ, Body Movement (4), Social (4), Self (3.8)

I disagree about Self, but everything else seems decent.Charity runs a blog here: http://funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com/

Pretty decent stuff.Current type: Master Race (ENTJ)

Extrovert: ESFP

Introvert: INFJISTP, ISTJ or INTP.Was that a sarcastic applause or did I really get either of those right? :PFor the love of the Master Race, the least he could do with his patreon money is buy a new microphone.

Also, since his patreon members are pretty much paying him for not being lazy, he could put more effort into not sounding like a robot.ENTJ - Harvey Specter (Suits)

....no, its not Bill Gates. Bill is an INTP.

If you want real people, Gordon Ramsay.1. Because that's what they were taught everyday by society and people simply take it for granted without ever questioning it. Aka. Ignorance

2. Because it gives people comfort through life, that there is some deity watching over them and guiding them. It also gives them hope during dark periods.

3. Because they fear hell and punishment.

4. Because people have a hard time dealing with death and need to believe in some sort of afterlife.[Hall of Fame - Master song for the Master Race](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk48xRzuNvA)ENTJ (Obligatory Master Race title slapped on please)

Reading people is easy once you get a general sense of their personality through your Ni. It can't really be explained if you don't have the function yourself, but by looking at their physical look, attitude, voice, reactions, etc. I can get a really good hunch about someone's personality. Even those first, initial 5 minutes of conversation that you have with someone will tell you a lot.

Now, how you choose to use that, is up to you. Do you try to support them and assign them jobs and tasks you know they will excel at, or do you exploit their weak spots and ways of thinking to get what you want.Agnostic. I'm open to an idea of a higher force in the universe (because really, what do we as humans even know?), but I think that even if it exists, its in no way, shape or form close to modern interpretations and what an everyday person believes.

As for "God" himself? Like, deities from Abrahamic religions? They're just that, deities.

I strongly believe that the Christian god (or any "modern" god for that matter) is no more real or imaginary then any of hundreds of "gods" that existed in the past.

As for your specific questions:

&gt;What do you consider yourself in a religious sense
Agnostic in terms of the universe as a whole, atheist in terms of modern religious stuff.

&gt;What are the reasons for you being an atheist? [Modern religions]

Because there is absolutely nothing indicating that any modern God is any more real or imaginary then ~~hundreds~~ thousands of Gods that existed before.

Every single religion before Christianity believed that *their* God was the real one. Each had their own version of the Bible, their very own Jesus, their own prophecies, their own hell, heaven.....you get the point.

Lucifer, Jesus, or Muhammed aren't any more real then Zeus or Thor. And were those deities real? **No.**

Eventually people will grow past the need for superstition, probably once science reaches a level at which it can answer all of the questions that religion is filing in today.

&gt;Is religion important to you?

Not at all. Plus, I'm against the rules and rituals that the modern church imposes upon people. If someone wants to worship god and be "saved", they can worship and believe in him in their own, individual way. They won't go to hell just because they didn't go to church service every Sunday.

&gt;Have you ever changed your belief in your life?

I switched over to atheism/agnosticism in my teens once I properly researched everything and came to my own conclusions.

&gt;Why did you change your belief?

YouTube videos like the ones from DarkMatter2525 (fantastic guy, btw), scientists like Bill Nye and Neil, various articles, debates, interviews, and of course Reddit.

&gt;If you do argue what arguments to you tend to stick too.

Here's a funny thing. *Everybody* today believes in their own version of God, even Christians. Sure, we're all technically taught the same thing, but each person's personal belief is heavily influenced by the environment they grew in, their culture, personal experiences, and what they were taught by their family and friends. What someone on the street thinks of God will probably vary to what another person on the street thinks of God.

So I always start off by asking: "Ok, why do **you** believe in God?" and then go off from there.

You can't ask people to "prove" it. Its called "faith" for a reason, and it sometimes asks you to simply have hope and believe. I get that. So I always try to argue God's existence using some objective stuff (like past religions) and to provide the person a more logical worldview.

&gt;How do you feel about religion

My opinion on religion can be summed up in a single quote:

*"Religion is a phase a species goes through when it evolves enough to ask profound questions but not enough to actually answer them"*

Religion is a knowledge-filler, a control system based on fear, and a source of hope at the same time.

Religion can be good. It absolutely can. But *not* when its used to control people with fear and impose man-made rules in order to gain power and control like today's Abrahamic religions do. That's why I personally have a preference towards Eastern religions, because they remove the corrupt and negative aspect of western religions and focus on personal experiences, enlightenment, and improvement.I enjoyed school for the most part, but I had big complaints about the structure here in Croatia.

Until its revamp 2 years ago, schools in Croatia had the most WTF and biased grading system you can think of.

Still, there is a huge overhaul of our education system that the government keeps promising, which is planned for 2020+ (it looks great on paper), so hopefully new generations will have a better, more fair, efficient and straightforward experience.Figure out your primary function bro.Scored 17. I'm surprised given that my answers would indicate a rather ruthless personality.

I think that some questions are more indicative of psychopathy then others (feeling casual about sex, how is that even related?).It doesn't. Point blank. Period.Fully agree. Whilst you can definitely draw conclusions from "first impressions", there are no "dead" giveaways because everybody is a unique damn person.Nice. Looks fun.This.

Its a pretty hot way to initiate it too.Sure, I don't mind it.

/grunting, muffled voice 

Of course I would win, I'm an ENTJ.This is getting ridiculous guys.This is **so** true. Hits right home.Reflecting on my current situation in life, or I just get an urge to "zone out" for a while and completely relax/meditate by staring at a dot on the ceiling, before actually falling asleep.Well ok then, what are your arguments?Exactly, but I can see the point. As in, psychopaths can't feel real, deep emotions so sex comes naturally and casually to them more so then other people.

Still kinda BS tho in my opinion.Mom: ENFP

Dad: ISFJ

Me: Glorious ENTJ Master Race

Needless to say, my parents don't go along too well, and since their function stack and personalities are completely broken, I really don't get along with them either.

Girlfriend bonus: ESFPOk, here's how to do it best. This is coming from an ENTJ himself.

Yes, ENTJ's are bad at showing affection unless they utilize their inferior Fi. The best way to do it is to simply be blunt with him. Find a moment when you're together, and just open say "Look mate, something is bothering me, **and I want to be completely honest with you** (this is important because ENTJ's value honesty and loyalty). You don't do X and X, which causes X, and it would make me very happy if you could do X more. Can you do that or not?"

If he's deflective and tries to avoid the question, don't give up, keep pushing. The reason he brushes it off is because he might initially think you had a bad day or something similar, but if you keep pressing he'll very soon realize that you're serious. Probably even after the 2nd time.

This approach might seem a bit strange, but trust me, he'll appreciate it.

Just make sure you're put emphasis on the fact that you're honest and that you simply want to tell him that in an efficient and clean manner without complicating things. He'll love that.

Source: Am ENTJ and had a similar thing in my own relationship.

Edit: Formatting.Learn as much as you can about the functions and how they work together to form a personality type, then try to see where you fit in all of that.The Master Race, the ENTJ's.There is only one Master Race, and that is the ENTJ. We are, what INTJ's are not. We are, the Master Race.I have shit from my troubled past (am in late teens) that my inferior Fi just can't shake off no matter what, and it impacts my today's insecurities and perceptions about how people perceive me, and it halt my progress and potential achievements more often then I'd like.

Even though I've moved and grew out of it years ago, for now its burned into my inferior Fi.Yeah, I'm also one of those people who can't be fazed no matter what, and honestly I don't get how people are so easily "offended" by everything today.

Not sure if its because of my dominant Te or because I'm kinda dead inside.I actually show a *lot* of emotion when communicating, to the point where ordinary typers who don't know me would instantly type me as an ENFJ or an ESFP (Se and Fe dom./aux.), but in reality it is very hard to hurt me.

What gets under my skin though, are people who can't be trusted or who do shitty things for absolutely no reason. Seriously, if I **know** I can't trust you and that you are likely to betray me, you're probably on the "fuck this person" list.Either Ni-doms or Si-doms.I absolutely love high-energy, busy, and preferably social days and work places where on top of being energetic and constantly on the move, everything is fairly structured in an efficient manner and I get to directly contribute to something. Fucking heaven.Water....fountains?

Yeah, no.Seems good, but I would switch ISTJ and ENTJ. ISTJ's aren't nearly as "physical" and ENTJ's.ESFP and ENFP's who are adventurous, intelligent, open-minded, aren't bound by any social norms or traditions, and are willing to live their life to the fullest. The best kind of people.

Alternatively, intelligent and more introverted ISFP or INFJ's can be amazing for more serious, deeper relationships.Fi users as well. Like, I get that things are important to you, but how can you **not** see things objectively, at least once?

How can one's emotions and values be so close to their way of thinking, it impacts their judgment and decision-making on a daily basis?Short answer: No.

Long answer: Nooooooooo. But the way your functions interact with each other as well as how strong they are changes over time as your grow up (if you're younger) or go through new life experiences.Probably some depressed Se-inferior.Any Se users, but mostly people who use Fi and Se as their primary or auxillary function.Agnostic. I cannot say that I don't believe there isn't some sort of higher force in the universe (due to my life experience and Ni), but I believe whatever that force is is beyond the current human understanding and has nothing to do with the modern, everyday concept of "God". I believe that **if** there is something, all religions throughout history (including the ones today) and their rules are simply bad attempts at trying to understand and explain it, followed by human greed and lust for control/power.

If we're talking strictly about the Abrahamic religions and whatever they teach, then no, I'm a straight up atheist. In my opinion the Bible is pure BS, Jesus wasn't a son of God (perhaps simply a person beyond his time, or an alien), and there isn't a magical old man in the sky that is gonna send you to either Heaven or Hell when you die.Ni doms overdoit and then get stuck inside their own world. I'd say ENTJ, because they factually see the world through their Te and Se and then tie everything together in their Ni interpretations.Can confirm, I tend do death stare when I'm mad at someone.

The key is to look at them but not focus on any specific part of their face.I was bouncing between ENTJ and INTJ because I didn't fully know the difference.

There was a stage where I thought I was an ENTP, but that was during my early phase of self-discovery.Dont think its a matter of functiin. My dad is an ISFJ and I'm an ENTJ and we botglh have a tendency to "talk to ourselves" (It's more likw commenting out loud)Because I simply like hanging out with people and finding out more about them. Besides, I get pretty depressed when I'm alone for too long.ENTJ - Almost always angry, especially if I feel like I had no control over the situation. Usually it's mixed with a lot of overall frustration and me losing the patience with other people and situations and it becomes super easy to piss me off and have me explode on you.

I rarely ever get sad, but when I do it's usually if its something vert personal for me or when my internal issues get the better of me and cause me to fail at something so I feel like a complete failure.Mother - A childish, naive, immature, emotionally unstable ENFP stuck in her idealistic world who has issues taking responsibilities for her actions and mistakes and never had the balls to stand up to my "dad".

"Dad" - A wife-abusing, introverted, insecure and incompetent ISFJ moron with poor social/people skills who fucked pretty much everything in his life, including my genetics. Thanks for making me 5'6 "dad".

Me - ENTJ. Couldn't possibly be more different from my parents. Asked my mom once if I was adopted. Unfortunately, I wasn't.

I think my post says it all.I would get along with my parents if they were better people. Don't get me wrong I am nice to them, as much as I have to be considering that the fact that they are, after all, my parents and my family.

But they dislike me because they both had their own pre-conceived ideas of what/who they want their kid to be, and I dislike them simply because they are bad people, and I dont view them as my true family.

They are small, petty, incompetent and weak-willed people who have issues taking responsibility for their actions and mistakes.

What I do respect however, is that we are aware of our mutual dislike for each other
For the longest time I assumed I was an INTP with decent social skills. But I suppose it was bc I was kind of depressed at the time when I got into MBTI. Fleet Foxes - White Winter Hymnal
&amp;
The National - Don't swallow the cap 

They're really calming. 

In question about presidential elections there should be an option 'I'm not American/I'm underage'. But overall good survey. ENTJ - generally indie music and some rock. I mostly focus on lyrics and melody and how they correspond with each other. Cartoons: 

- Gravity Falls
- Steven Universe

Anime (just all time favorites): 

- Death Parade
- Mushishi
- FMA
- BarakamonThere's so many INTPs here bc /r/INTP is one of the biggest MBTI  subreddits. 
fat fat fat fat fat fat fat fatzvesda and nasty LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLLONO ONE LIKES ZVESDA HAHAAAAAHi I'm Excursive and I'm also a moderator on this server. Can't wait to see you all. 
Well, I'm very future-oriented and tend to see the big picture. I see a lot of possibilities and different ideas to everything, with my work coming from bursts of energy. If there's Si in my post it's probably my dad's influence, an ISTJ.World Domination, good.... I like this.Incredible. It's very similar to me. I'm now pretty sure about myself being an ENTJ, thank you.I'm 100% sure about the XNTJ, I've typed myself, talked to a psychologist friend of mine and done dozens of trustable tests. Also, saying that I have feelings (and that I use them to make relevant decisions) it's one of the most offensive things I've ever read.I was joking about not having feelings. About me being ENTP, I've read a lot of profiles and I simply don't fit into the Perceivers personality, seriously. About the functions (like Ne, Ni, Se, Si), I've never went very deep, I really just know the basics, I always focus on the letters. Maybe it's a mistake of mine, I'll do a little research about the functions. If ever change my mind, I'll let you know. Without looking at what it means, I've typed myself Te &gt; Ne &gt; Se &gt; Fi. The problem is, there's no sequence with these functions in this particular order. What now?
Why do you see him as a Perceiver? I'm curious.Casey Neistat and In a Nutshell. I'm an ENTJ. (and I don't have time to discover new youtubers, sorry)This is the reason why I fucking love INFPs.I could see him as an ENTP, but I'm not pretty sure.**SOLVED, I'm an ENTJ.**
A time ago, I was certain about my type being INTJ. Now, I'm really not sure about it. I've found myself very sociable, and focused on the external world. For example, I'm Brazilian, and about to enter in High School next year. Instead of my colleagues, whose objectives are getting into one public university (in my country, the public universities are the most prestigious) mine are of joining into one Elite College, and then, I intend to apply for Law School, preferably Harvard.
I am already planning my application, I've bought the SAT Blue Book, I'm involved with a lot of activies in the sports field, and I'm about to hire private teachers for Math and English. Also, I have already spoken to the principals of the main schools in my city, explaining my plans and looking for which one of the schools fits best in my needs.
I quickly assume leadership, striving for perfection and I can be very... demanding. Also, I'm very charismatic.
My goal in life, is being the best goddamn lawyer in the city I choose, with my name on the door. I love arguing, and find myself very good at reading. Oh, and suits fits me just nice.
I find myself very sociable, willing to go to interesting parties, and everything else, but I really enjoy privacy and can't imagine a world where I would accept my colleagues to come into my apartment, or something like that. **THERE ARE LIMITS!!!**
Also, I have found out that some of my favorite characters (and that I most identify with) are usually typed as ENTJ, like Sayid Jarrah (from Lost), and Harvey Specter (from Suits). Oh, and Gordon Gekko is somehow cool too. I know, there are a lot of topics about this, but I have read tons of topics like this, and I still can't decide. May someone please help me?Which is your **MBTI** and the music styles you most like? 

I'm an ENTJ and my top choices are probably Soul, Funk, R&amp;amp;B, Blues and Jazz. Actually, I love old music, or music with this vibe.

https://open.spotify.com/user/12152588263/playlist/1mivZm1QecugO0BwZb8tJK
Personally [ENTJ], I feel most introverted when I'm not confident about myself. As for coping, I just work on myself (exercise, spend more time working, etc) until I feel better about myself, then I find I'm naturally more inclined to spend time with people.Why are you looking for us?Especially emotionally. Many of us would be the first to admit it's a weakness of ours. Who better than an INFJ to help us understand?
ENTJ. I'm extremely attracted (romantically and platonically) to Ne. I particularly like xNFPs and xNTPs. Depth is relative. Just because S's and N's relate to things differently doesn't mean that one doesn't have depth. From my observations, all sensors live in an extremely rich world, whether it's internal and emotional or external and practical (or any other combination). There's lots to think and talk about in these worlds. It's just different from being an N traveling between parallel universes and alternate dimensions. Cats like to disagree When you say that you control your emotions, what do you mean? Gotcha. I asked because it could be that you are repressing your emotions, which is problematic and can end up severely stressing you out depending on what you're repressing BLUE. Aux Ne flourishes in the context the dominant provides. Dom Ti often finds enjoyment in witticisms, puns, and double meanings because of Aux Ne. Dom Fi on the other hand uses Ne to easily sympathize and relate to others, giving it a marked preference for harmony. 

As far as spotting it goes... personally, I find that people generally physically model their dominant function. You can see a Dom Ti user "look into themselves" as they consider what you've said. The other functions will be expressed in the context of the dominant. In various situations. Ne in joking and problem solving and understanding, for example. But I don't think/haven't experienced it as physically visible in the same way as the dominant. I used to be rather bothered with identities because I thought it was an essential part of human society and relationships. Then I realized that identities don't matter as much as the ability to create a social and emotional space around you that others can feel comfortable in. People don't care if you're goth or whatever--people care about the kind of social space you create. Do people perceive you as cold and standoffish or warm and approachable? Interestingly enough, I've discovered that it's absolutely something I can control--without having to "fake emotion." I simply create a safe social space in which people can interact with me while still maintaining my own identity outside of that. What about it? What type are you? 

"it's so great to have an Se-dom backing you up." why's that?Oh I see! Interesting that you see Se as the most assertive! Haha aw! I love how people crush on other functions Or... their own functions? :P I agree, Ne is impressive That's quite interesting. I have tert Se and I really enjoy how ESFPs in particular follow their emotions in such an immediate way. &lt;3Shh!! We don't want to inflate their egos too much!! It's so true. Find a pal who knows MBTI and enlist their help...? Do you find it difficult to understand their motivations? Just don't crush your functions! ...okay that was bad. I feel bad.guilty "you're not just an ISFJ. You're just you"

Can we get a standing ovation hahaha... it's so true though I think it really, REALLY depends what you mean by sensitive. Like, get their feelings hurt? Or in tune with others? Do I dare ask the methodology?Why? I wonder sometimes what drives some people to self improvement and others don't care Do you often get to bed at a good time?Why INTP? I've heard the argument that entj needs some F to balance things out, but I guess that goes along with your first answer. I'm just wondering if there's too much head butting between two NTs. I'm honestly just really curious about entj representation and patterns! Since I've observed them in other times. I'm not anxious to apply it to myself, just exploring!Woah! Thank you for your very detailed and thorough response. It totally makes sense how having the same order gives you a similar growth pattern, and how codependent relationships form from "opposites attract" territory. 

I agree with you about needing space to work on the inferior. Do you think that extends to any relationship (not just with your opposite) where your inferior function is being stressed?

What have you seen play out in the healthy  ENTJ-INTP relationships you've observed? Do they ever have arguments?  Making goals. Then accomplishing them. Wash, rinse, repeat. This might sound odd coming from an ENTJ, but I love how connected Fi makes me feel to the people, places, ideas (etc) that I really love. 

In short, Fi gives life meaning. Yeah, I've heard that from other entps. I guess I shouldn't be ignoring my Te in all this, because I definitely need to see what the practical point of the whole activity is before I do it easily. 100% yes. I also think the stereotypes make online conversations more difficult. 1. Observe the patterns in your own behavior. Learn to identify when you are using Te well. What happens? How does it feel? Etc. 
2. Work on applying this knowledge to problems and situations when you need to use Te. It seems like irritations build up over time for Fe users (especially low Fe like the xNTPs) and then they either explode in crankiness at ANYONE from the pressure or finally get the alone time that they *need* in order to process. It just seems SO different than Fi. (Mine is to get better).In real life or fiction. It seems really common in stories to see _NTP combined with _SFJ. But what about ENTJs? Just villains? As an entj, I've observed that when people with Si teach me things I feel kind of like an idiot because I can watch someone do something and see how it's supposed to work, but when I go to copy them it just doesn't work... it's like I have to learn how it feels in my body. Thoughts?
Can't remember where I read it, but I remember reading that David Sarif was typed as an ENTJ and Pritchard was typed as an INTJ in DX:HR.Isn't the ENTJ stack Te, Ni, Se, Fi? 

If so how can an ENTJ use their Ne shadow function to a greater extent than their Ni? Poor social skills and social understanding at its finest. Learn how to work with people to achieve the grade you want. 

When working in a group you don't work with what suits you best, learn how to achieve the desired result with the circumstances given. You should know that if your grade relies on the impression you make on your group members, you should make it a good one.

Instead you let them go out of their way to take time out of their day, meet up and come up with ideas only for you to override that on your own anyway. I bet that made you feel smart. Looks like the "dense" and "dumbass" team members ended up paying you back in full. If you didn't want to go you could have come up with a smarter excuse, tell them you're working or have an interview I dont know. Don't expect them to make all the effort and text you the results. You're not their superior.  

In the end, you ended up wasting your time, being inefficient, looking like a dumbass and being dense. Use your Ni, look ahead at what your actions could result in, use your Fi, develop some empathy.

No matter how skilled you are, if you don't understand people or know how to work with them, you will struggle to make it where you desire. You need to understand that there are plenty of non xNTJ's who have made it further than you will. Don't try to become a walking INTJ stereotype, it's looks childish.ENTJ Advocating LeaderAnd the only thing you achieved by not attending the meet up was lowering your grade. Think about progress in terms of your final grade. You're seeing progress only in terms of the assignment. 

If your group mates have the power to lower or raise your grade, although meeting with them might not work towards completing the assignment it works towards improving your grade. 

Yes, you may have put more work in for the assignment but the way you conducted yourself made them feel like you put in less effort and deserved less than they did.At some point you're going to realise that you have better things to do than wasting your time proving yourself to someone who doesn't respect you.
I'm only a tertiary Fi user,not a dominant one, but I suppose I just experience emotions in degrees or a spectrum? Like on one end of the anger spectrum I'm a little angry and on the other end I am fucking furious, with some spaces in between? Is that not a normal human thing O__o? Or maybe that degree of one's own inner emotional state is not so much with Fe users to put their finger on that. I suppose since I'm not a strong Fi user my awareness of my inner emotional nuance might not be as strong as say, an xxFP type. Not sure. I would not say I have 1000 shades of anger though, for example. Maybe like 4. &gt;I had such an occurrence last night, when I all of a sudden figured out Duality. Why Duality exists, why it is rare, magical, destructive, and intoxicating. What it is that each is attracted to, what is behind it all, and how it relates to modern ideals of marriage, missed connections, and frustration. Infidelity and fairy-tales. It was all very different than my M.O., but certainly not the first time. These ideas were all united at once rather than the usual separate states. This isn't to say that this is "true Ni"

I will say that your example of Ni totally resonates with how I experience it passively. Sort of like a, "*now I understand everything!*" feeling that just comes out of nowhere about a random topic, but it's like a comprehensive and global insight your brain just throws it in front of your face, you're hardly even being active about it. It's like you see that One Unifying Thread that ties everything together. You just *get it*, whatever the hell it is. The perspective also feels very vast and impersonal. I can tell just from talking to people of a variety of different types that they have probably experienced something like that at least at one point or another; it's also what I like about the 8 function model. I find it very hard to believe that any of the cognitive functions are totally lost or closed off to any human, regardless of type. They are all just patterns of thought/modes of perception. Sure, your brain might be wired to favor certain ones over the other, but it seems a bit far fetched to profess that say, an NJ will *never* be able to experience even the tiny occasional sliver of an Si perspective throughout all of lifetime. 

Now of course, it's not like Ni only works at totally random times for an Ni dom, it would be experienced differently when a strong Ni user actively decide to look at/consider something in particular and has to direct their thoughts at a certain thing i.e, live a normal life and approach all of the multitude of situations that organically arise, but what you described does sound a lot like a passive Ni thought process. I sort of just get those perceptions multiple times a day especially if I'm just casually doing something (like walking, showering, cooking, etc.). The perception feels very strong and certain but not super overwhelming since well,it's a pretty common feeling. Occasionally they are very powerful feeling insights that I feel like I *need* to get out to someone, but normally they aren't all that powerful seeming or worth writing down/externalizing. I think I keep a lot of those insights to myself not because I am self conscious about them or whatever, but just because they seem uninteresting and not worth sharing. While it can be hard to verbalize the insight occasionally, it's gotten a lot easier as I've gotten older since I've had a lot of practice. 

I honestly think that ENxJs and ISxPs have the best deal with Ni. They use it frequently with a great degree of nuance but are still primarily interacting with the world in a direct/concrete and objective way, or are easily able to do so, and have far less of a problem taking initiative and just existing in that sliver of time we call the now.Ni as a dominant function feels a bit excessive honestly, though i can imagine that probably anyone feels that way about their dominant function from time to time. I'm INTJ. As humans, not just romantic interest, I'm primarily attracted to beta quadra people so NFJs and STPs. I think I like the introverted versions (INFJ/ISTP) best though. I find them very insightful but also super pleasant to talk to/be around (maybe only an INTJ would find an INFJ or ISTP pleasant but w/e it's all subjective). And they get in these very brooding moods that they need to be talked through/pulled out of that is super endearing.

General romantic attraction, probably SPs and ENxJs, basically just having more presence/ a better sense of the moment than me is super attractive for some reason. I have a tendency to overdo the thinking/analysis thing instead of the actual doing stuff thing and I like people who balance me out. +10. I was actually thinking about this a lot yesterday. This whole super shy sensitive INFJ stereotype is just something I've never seen, and if we're commenting on trends, is something I've seen a lot more with types like INFP/ISFJ. I mean my INFJ sample size is like 4 and I've seen an INFJ act a bit standoffish because of social anxiety, but this idea of uber cautiousness and fear of the world doesn't seem right for what you'd expect from an Ni/Se type. Oh no no, I am certainly not saying that INxJs aren't narcissistic, I think most people would consider the seemingly reckless assuredness of strong Ni to be narcissism, there is just nothing covert about an Ni user blabbing their nonsense. The whole covert narcissism sounds a lot more like an Si thing, especially the hyper self consciousness about yourself and how everyone is perceiving you. If you think about what Si is, Ni is the opposite; if Si is a close intimate awareness of your own life/your own experiences/your feelings, Ni is like a large impersonal void of a perspective. Sure, it's internal and thus *subjective*, but it's not personal; but it's sort of like how Ti manages to be subjective but also objectively removed from the same time. 

&gt;Maybe if you're describing a baby INFJ.

Yeah I mean, thinking about my sister when she was a kid, she was prone to a lot of temper tantrums and was overly sensitive of other people's struggles, animals and the like. But mostly I think her sensitivity to criticism came from an inability to express herself. I also dunno about that smugness; I also associate that sort of rigidity of "my perception is the right one, I've made up my mind and I will ignore all new data" with Si-Ti. Like I criticize and argue with INFJs all the time and as long as I'm not invalidating their feelings, they're pretty much okay with it. Ni/Se can have a similar "feel" from the outside, but it's mostly about what an Ni user *sees*, not what they think is right. 

&gt;I think the 'save the world', 'special snowflake', grandiose seems very narcissistic.

I really do not think that feeling like a special snowflake or thinking the world revolves around them is an Ni fixation at all. &gt;Then, what about "Covert Narcissism and the ISFJ"? Does this hold more ground than INFJ?

The way "covert narcissism" was described in the above article, absolutely. 

&gt;To be honest, ISFJ and INFJ still look the same to me. The "misunderstood special person" aspect of narcissism seems to resonate in me more with an INFJ than the ISFJ, but really, it's still up in the air.

No no no no no. "Misunderstood special person" is just a weird crappy stereotype of INFJs. Ni tends to result in more of a swallowing of the self than a hyper fixation of the self. &gt;is there an absolute zero anger

Yes, definitely. I actually find this very interesting because I have heard an enneagram 9 say that they are always angry. I'm only angry if I have reason to be.I mean, I have a whole lot of criticisms about INFJs that I would be happy to share, they just aren't ones mentioned here. It's not like it's about throwing ISFJs/INFPs under the bus and "protecting" INFJs or whatever, just about correcting a false perception of INFJs that cause people to mistype. Okay, think about the way your INTJ friend is (you seem pretty confident you have them correctly typed). Then take out the Te stuff and put Fe there. Tada!I don't remember ever talking about ruling out someone's typing as INFJ because they are oversensitive. Hell, I can be oversensitive, I'm enneagram 3 for god's sake. Would it be insulting if a bunch people were talking about about how insanely reliable INTJs were and someone mentioned that it's more of an ISTJ quality than an INTJ one? Ahhh I totally see what you're saying. Yeah I think for me, my goal is always accuracy of perception. I don't really care if it's flattering or unflattering, so long as it's right. But I also just as much wouldn't want say, an ISFJ to read this article and think,"omg this is me to a T, I must be an INFJ!" because again, it's the same problem with an inaccurate portrayal. 

Yeah I mean I personally don't consider being called sensitive insulting if it's accurate. Oversensitive by default isn't positive but I also think *it can be helpful to recognize that quality in yourself and not be like...oversensitive about being called oversensitive? But that's also like the antithesis of the word. But I know that's just a very absurd thing to just expect of people, it's sort of like someone asking me to care more about how other people feel than what is right, I'm just like "porrrr que? No comprendo." But ya know. I also don't have a lifetime of being called sensitive which can really give that word a negative association. 

I also really do not think anyone should ever, ever, ever be considering a certain MBTI type "irrational" over other ones. Like wtf does that even mean? That's the negative of the "rationalist" temperament name, it implies certain types are smarter than others and that makes zero sense. MBTI is just not that deep, it's just your thought patterns, not how smart or "rational" you are. Rationality/intelligence even 'sensitivity' transcend MBTI types; I am all about the neuroticism scale on the big 5 and my neuroticism is through the f'ng roof. There is no doubt in my mind that I am more emotionally sensitive than say, a less neurotic ISFP. 

&gt;I said that the things that get shifted to INFPs/ISFJs are never anything complimentary.

Yeah I mean, I can totally see this. I do try and make an effort to do that, if i remember correctly a while back there was a comment about Ti in IxFJs and I said that ISFJs, because of Si, are a incredibly grounded and realistic in the perceptions/logic they draw with their Ti, and that we shouldn't be giving INFJs all of the credit for their 'amazing tertiary Ti' or whatever. So it's mostly just like a,"take opportunities as they come" thing, paint a better picture when you can. Honestly I feel like with enneagram 9s, I see it as mostly being uncomfortable with external judging functions, and thus seems to be more slow burning anger than flash in a pan and gone forever like I experience anger. I think 9w8s have short bursts of anger and will get angry in the moment but still gloss over their importance in the large scheme of things. There is like this persistent anger that results from some sort of internal/external affirmation that your own thoughts/feelings/opinions aren't important for a 9. And when they do manage to assert sort of external judgement and it's not respected, well fuck you sideways. It's funny cuz like I make Te judgments all the time and will just argue the fuck out of people about stuff so if say, an IxFP 9 makes that rare Te judgment and I just steam roll them...I will feel the rage. 

Me vs. them...I do not get angry at all about people challenging my judgements or my assertions, as long as they don't get in the way of them. I also tend to get "fired up" when I'm discussing something which people might consider anger but idk, I feel like it's more like passion/assertion. I get angry when people are petty and I have to repeat myself a lot and I feel like people aren't seeing what is in front of them, and I will get a bit fiery and short about it but it's all very flash in the pan, it's never personal. 

I only get really, really, like, burning rage angry if someone gets in the way of achieving my goals or manages to insult some sort of Fi thing of mine, like totally off-base accusations that show they completely misrepresented my intentions or insulted someone close to me. But the feeling itself is very like, once and done. I find it super hard to hold grudges or to re-live intense feelings. Like I recently just cut someone out who made me pretty angry for a few of the reasons above, but the feeling of anger itself was just a flash in the pan. It was mostly like, "wow fuck you, we're never talking again" and just systematically blocking them. I don't even *feel* anger towards that person per se, it is more of just like a clinical thing for me. Hmmm can you get a good handle on that Ni part of your friends Te perspective? Like what makes it different than Si/Te, for example?Imo it's a lot easier to separate Ni and Si by comparison of how they work with the judging functions since the judging functions are the external thing, but they are still being driven by an Ni or Si lens. *So if you can put your finger on your INTJ friend's Ni, try and imagine that perspective with Fe instead. You have both Ni and Fe, you should be able to do it, I believe in you!

My examples always fall short so I'll stick to metaphors but if like Si is tentative and slow to draw conclusions and very firm in those conclusions when it draws them, Ni is like immediate large sweeping gusto conclusion right off the bat which just flows and changes as more information comes in through the conversation/moment or whatever. I like to think about Se and Ni being very similar to a degree. Like if you Se-dom are sitting in a room and something changes in a room, you naturally see it and shift your perspective of the "now" or whatever. Ni has a similar quality. It's not trying to fit everything into a preformed box, it's trying to find a box to fit everything in. So if it has to try out a bunch of different boxes, it will. So imagine that sort of thing with Ti or Fe. I bet you can do it. 

It's why for Si users especially, irl Ni is very annoying. They work and draw conclusions total opposite ways. 
&gt;So then ISFJs are more likely to be covert narcissists?

Eh I like, hate to say, "oh that person is a covert narcissist, they are very likely to be ISFJ" or whatever, but I'd rather just say that the description in the above mentioned article matched a lot more to behavior I have seen from ISFJs than INFJs, and I've never seen an INFJ behave quite the way it was described above. That whole "feeling that others are obsessed with evaluating them" is more Si-Fe than Ni-Fe.  

&gt;What if most INFJs are actually ISFJs? 

I mean, that would make as much sense as /r/INTJ being filled primarily with ISTJs. The N/S divide on the tests is so bad and when you have like 40 Si-Te people sharing their "Ni-Te" that is actually Si-Te...it's just like, drowning in a swarm of misunderstanding. 

&gt;Si-Ti is more narcissistic than Ni-Ti

I mean, I really do not want to say that it is more *narcissistic*, just more self aware/ conscious of the self. I would actually consider that to be a primary benefit of being an Si-Fe user; there is something really well rounded about having both self awareness from Si and the other people awareness of Fe, but it can also cause a lot of anxiety and self consciousness. Ni-Fe is just like...the individual self does not exist. They like, very rarely think about the world from their own first person perspective. Sure because they have Fe they want the external validation from others, but the perspective is not one of like, heightened self consciousness. I think the undermining of your own individualized first person perspective habit of anyone who has role/PoLR Si. I don't think that is narcissistic or selfish though, to see the world from your own eyes? 

Fi and Si both seem to come with strong sense of self. Ni-Fe can be like...just the complete erasure of the intimate idea of the self. It doesn't mean betas don't have egos, hell no, but like INFJ-ISTP especially, Ni-Ti is just like...this weird and super expansive cold void. At least INTJs/ISFPs have Fi and ISFJs/INTPs have Si to sort of like, ground them in self. Fe externalized group conscious emotions, Ti cold removed logical thought, Ni impersonal expansive perspective, Se concrete objective reality. Just like...what the hell does that feel like? Where is your sense of self? But I suppose without Fi/Si, having a "sense of self" just seems totally unimportant...I just can't imagine what I would feel like on the inside looking at things from an Ni lens *without* Fi. Probably not INTJs. Sure, if I have a friend or a partner I definitely try and help them in life and make them better or whatever, but at the end of the day it's not up to me to fix anyone or my responsibility to make anyone's life better. It's more of like an expectation that the person "keep up." If I'm in a close intimate relationship in which I feel like the person can "keep up" then I expect there to be a lot of helping each other with our weaknesses and keeping each other in check, but I definitely never see my partner as a "project." 

Generally I find it incredibly annoying when people try and do that to me, to try and "teach me something about life" or "help me with my weaknesses" and make a project out of me or whatever. Like who do you think you are, person I just met last week, to be like,"hey, you really need to stop doing this" or "you should really be like this." Don't try and make a moral/emotional project out of me you weirdos, it's patronizing. And I tend to react with an immature defiance to that sort of stuff. ("Oh I shouldn't smoke should I? Well fuck you" -lights up cigarette I don't even want-)

In my experience it's a very delta quadra thing to do, or also just high feeling functions in general (I've seen xxFJ types do this as well). &gt;I don't always take people's feelings into consideration in the way people expect from me.

I think this is totally an Ni thing as well. Like the Ni perspective tends to really just diminish the first person perspective, even for Ni/Fe users and it can be really hard to validate people the way they want sometimes. I don't think INFJs are the type to just like, totally unquestionably empathize with what someone is saying or emoting if the larger context makes their emotional reaction seem self-serving/deceptive or even self-victimizing for example, and it's hard for an Ni user to pretend they don't see those things and lose that detached perspective. Oh dude totally, all of this about ISFPs is true. They are very deep and introspective and have a very lofty feel to them, plus they do have Ni so it's not like the descriptions are totally lost on them ya know? When an ISFP talks, they are usually spewing more Ni insights than I am as an Ni-dom lol. Especially because they have weak Te so a lot of the time they will just throw out all of these very lovely ideas/perceptions that I would not come up with because I have Te smushed between my Ni-Fi. So it makes sense they would associate with INFJ. I think the ISFP for INFJ and ISTP for INTJ mistype goes pretty strongly both ways actually. It was mostly just in this instance, the description in the article did not describe an ISFP really. Nooo, I suppose that is an easy assumption to make but it's a very, very literal interpretation of what "inferior extraverted sensation" is meant to convey. Firstly, "uber cautiousness" especially is textbook Si-Ne. On the other side of the spectrum you have Se-Ni. "Fear of the world", preparing against the worst, again, is especially Si-Ne. Inferior Se isn't experienced the same way.  

INxJs don't necessarily repress extraverted sensation. The lower functions are more just over simplified and undervalued in favor of your dominant two functions. Ni/Se users both work on the same axis of perception; if Se is the nuanced and active moment by moment adjustment and focus on the present moment, Ni is the nuanced active understanding/focus on what is going on behind the scenes. It's the opposite of a cautious process. Ni users, to a certain degree, walk around thinking they have it all figured out, even if that means knowing that they have nothing figured out; there is still some confidence in that. Ni tends to simply everything and make the individual feel like they "just get it." There is no cautiousness and fear of the world as a whole, maybe a fear of like, the world in front of you atm in a literal sense. A little bit of cautiousness would probably do some INxJs well. 

What inferior Se tends to really struggle with is an inability to focus on and adapt to a fast paced moment by moment basic black and white focus of the world. Or, it get a bit too caught up in it's perceptions of what is going on and miss some stuff, both in an abstract and concrete sense. If you're talking to someone and your brain is focused on what's going on behind the words they are saying, how can it also be focused on all of the physical details of what he is saying/doing/wearing the weird little ways his eyes are moving or whatever? Inferior Se also struggles to taking initiative when it is presented to you.  It might be,"hey this person is really great and I love talking to them but I'm not going to bother making a move since I'm moving in 6 months or whatever." A stronger Se user would not necessarily think that way. Opportunity is there, gimme. Finally, inferior Se can also result in an overconfidence in your adapting skills. "Oh I'll just wing it" and kind of falling on your face a bit because your brain isn't as tuned into smart little adaptations in the moment like a stronger Se user. 

I think if anything, the basic cases of Se I've seen have just been brandishing overconfidence because they thought they had it all figured out in their head and totally missing the mark, and expecting everything will pan out the way they expect it to and getting hit with some curveball they totally didn't expect and maybe even having a crisis about it or something. It tends to be a lot more overconfidence than a fear of the world/cautiousness thing though.

Edit: wordingClarifying,I don't think most functioning humans are actually afraid of the world, it's sort of a hyperbolic metaphor for the cautiousness of Si/Ne. 

&gt;I don't know what it's like to be an Ni-dom, but I would venture to guess that INXJs are averse to exploring new experiences in the same way. An INFJ may be liable reject formative experiences like conflict if they are likely to change his vision in the same

Mmmm I dunno, something about this seems a bit off. I think you are confounding Ni/Si a little bit? Ni is not really a preformed vision, something about a subject the person has been working to understand for years in their head and amazing experience/knowledge on. That's Si. Ni is a process that happens immediately, it has the same "new moment!" feel that Se does; it doesn't draw so much from past experiences as Si. Put an Ni-dom in a new situation and they will jump to a bunch of conclusions immediately, and not by evaluating the familiarity of the situation. It's not so much that Ni/Se is adverse to new experiences, probably more so that they are adverse to experiences for the sake of experiences themselves (low Se) and don't *realize* that their perception is missing something. I don't know if that makes sense. I also think low Se can be adverse to new experiences not for any fear of a perception change or whatever, it's more of like,"why would i do that if I already know what's going to happen/where it's going to go?"  Edit: I suppose there is a rejection of new experience there, and a rejection of new experience *because* they think they already know what/how it's going to go, but it's more of a head up the ass thing, not a fear thing. Ni/Se doesn't like to experience for experience's sake. HA, didn't even read the comments and this was my first thought when reading this.YES! I totally have to go run errands and be a person right now but if someone could think of something I would give them all of the upvotes. I think the only problem is that since perception isn't active, it might be a bit hard to come up with something. I'm gonna mull over it though.&gt;All I was trying to illustrate with my last comment was that there has to be some sort of symmetry between Si-doms and Ni-doms

Oh yeah totally! I absolutely agree with you. I mean, there has to be. Sometimes I get a little indulgent with descriptions/distinctions and all that, sorry :p. Especially because there *are* so many similarities between ISxJs and INxJs, but so many distinct differences, and I really like to try and distill accurately what those similarities and differences are. 

The IxxJ temperament is very distinct IMO and being Pi-dom does have this very strange quality to it, especially this:

&gt;This displacement is ultimately positive and formative, but the individual will obviously feel... well, displaced.

The displacement and feeling like an "observer" to the world is accurate for both Ni and Pi types. 

&gt;I would also like to add that Ni-doms should generally reject Ne-related stimuli even more vehemently than Si-doms, in the same way that Ti-doms reject "the system" (Te) and Fi-doms reject traditional social hierarchies and traditions (Fe). One's relationship with the function opposite in attitude to the primary is usually quite antagonistic.

Yes, yes, totally agree.I just say temperament in the literal, normal english definition of the word, not the Keirsey stolen definition. Sorry, I should learn to clarify for better communication but I'm lazy sometimes. WhatINeverSaid (internet RIP) had this amazing post where he drew pictures and everything about the energy levels and stuff of each "temperament"/activity level/whatever the hell a good word for it is; IxxP types, IxxJ types, ExxP types, ExxJ types. They are just really basic holistic observations about how the placement of the judging/perceiving functions can be demonstrated in energy levels/the way they approach the world. IT doesn't go that deep, it's just more about external presentation. So IxxJ types (Pi-doms, Ni and Si doms both), are primarily interested in a passive observation of the world (Pi-dom), and can have sort of up and down energy levels when they are active (secondary external judging function). They aren't necessarily in control of their energy levels as much as an ExxJ type (dominant extraverted judging), but an ExxJ type will have some ebb and flow. Whereas xxxP types don't really have that ebb and flow in energy levels; ExxP is just constant, high energy(dom extraverted perceiving, not as muted extraverted judging), IxxP is constant, low energy (introverted judging dom, inferior extraverted judging function).

It's mostly like, a cool observation. It can be a bit difficult to type xxxJ types in one encounter based solely on temperaments because they do have a lot of ebb and flow, but especially the IxxP temperament is like, this really chill lower energy, super constant. Of course moments of extreme stress like anger or whatever don't count.Or maybe, just maybe, people are more aware of what a sensing type looks like and sensing types are more common so more people who are sensing types come in here and people point them in that direction as a possibility? Why does it always have to be a grand conspiracy with certain people? I don't get it. No one cares if you are a sensor or an intuitive, it's just about what's there and what is not there. &gt; Many people know that

Uhh no? Many people *know* that, or many people assume that? That's a claim people make about MBTI communities to account for the overwhelming majority of supposed "N" types who hang around these forums. Even if like, 70% of the Ns out there and 30% of the sensors out there care about MBTI, you'd still see a better balance than you see in these forums if people were properly typed.Yeah definitely, reality is totally a subjective thing and right and wrong doesn't exist, so when someone makes a claim about the way things are and it's challenged because it misleads people, they are just challenging your own opinions and thoughts. Mmkay. Jesus christ this post is FILLED with judgements. I strongly doubt you are a perception dominant at all. Look at all of the things you say. It's judgment, judgment, judgment. Please try and take an outside look at this post even and realize how firmly you come to yes or no conclusions.

Some examples:

&gt;'m positive I'm an ENxP tho so don't try to tell me I'm a sensor or a judger, because I'm for sure not.

Judgment. You just made a judgment that you are absolutely NOT a judging type. I mean, what? That is called being a judger.  Ne-doms are completely open to considering the same thing endless amount of times. Ne-doms and strong Ne users tend to have a really strong time coming to a firm conclusion about what "is" and what is "not."

&gt;stuff that *proves*

Proves? Does it prove? Could it perhaps suggest, demonstrate or point to?

&gt;I don't like rules. I despise them and I think they make society want to rebel even more (Fi) -I loathe being told what to do

Judgment

I mean I can't even go through all of this but look into a type with a strong extraverted judging function, an ExxJ type. 
Keep coming at me with those judging functions girl. It's possible. I also don't consider Je to be close minded necessarily, just firm in conclusions/right/wrong/etc. There are just a lot of judgements here, and I think writing off a dom-judging function would be in poor form. :D 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
&gt;and they've gave me all types of things that are in now way me at all!

That totally makes sense, I would just suggest if you want to find the one that realllllly fits you, just starting from zero. If you said you have been studying for a few years but haven't quite found the right one, it's possible you might have overlooked something, that's all. I could see ESFP too. Something concrete about the perception, could also be Se, not necessarily Je.

Ni is sort of like the messages in the flames from the Lord of Light in GoT, you see something there but you might not interpret it right at first. ★☆✢✥✦✧❂❉✯✱✲✴NO ITS THERE YOU JUST CAN'T SEE ITmaybe that's all a part of our plan...Just send it all to me, I've been assigned to handle all communications and monetary exchanges on your behalf. Sometimes in life, the decisions you make on leaps of faith are often the most rewarding. &gt; That's fine, I just don't think that our perceptions are the best resource for typing someone else.

So do you think people's self perceptions are better at getting a grasp on their type than an outside, third party perspective? If you were intuitive, you wouldn't find all of the stuff I say nonsensical. No, I *know* that I am special and have what it takes to do whatever I want. I am the main character in the live action/drama that is my life on this earth and while I will struggle throughout the plot line of the story, at the end I will reign triumphant. Ah, the good old Se user + Se user never ending escalation battle. I mistyped my ISFP friend as INFP too at first, simply because jesus christ, when we talk it's just a flood of beautiful theoretical ideas/insights/observations coming from him. When I was first learning about MBTI I could not get through my head that a sensing type would see things the way he did. Like he's very grounded in real time but when he starts talking over a few beers or whatever...Fi-Ni overload. Just soooo much insight. Took a side by side comparison of the two, showing someone a pic and them being like,"INFP, really?" and a more thorough understanding of what the hell tert-Ni is for me to be like "oh duh." Someone mentioned this before on another post but there is a particular subtype of ISFPs that is just so super theoretical. Also happens to be the men in my experience btw, but that's just an observation.Nice.Whoa whoa a lot of this is not true. I don't know about your 2-3 year beef with FFG and I won't comment on that, but sniperpanda did not create /r/mbtiplus, /r/mbtiplus was created after sniperpanda went a bit loco with /r/sensor, and the two of them are not affiliated in any way, despite both being ISTPs who have a similar penchant for fucking with people. You don't need to throw other people under the bus (such idk, the people who actually created /r/mbtiplus) because you and FFG have problems. 

&gt;Yelling at anyone who disagrees with him while he eats chips loudly into the microphone

HAHHAHHAH lol'd though this part is 100% true and I will attest to. wait why not 8w9?😂 😂 😂 😂 😂

&gt;and why does everyone on here act like they can type everyone? The person who's type in question knows themselves better than anyone and it pisses me off people think they know everything about someone they've never met.

Why would *that guy* post a question on a subreddit about their MBTI type if he didn't want people to give him an opinion? If someone points to a tree and asks, "is that a flower or a bush" and the person says,"neither, it's a tree," is that so bad? Especially since you're saying you don't know much about MBTI...? Also it's so random for you to ask about that one thread in particular 😂  😂  😂  You're INFJ, **trust me**Ew guys it's talking to me.

Edit: I find it incredibly ironic to have a bunch of people who aren't even related to the issue posting a bunch of criticisms about someone in particular and all circlejerking over made up information. It's really pathetic. I don't understand how you can take even a quarter of the stuff he posts seriously, let alone to all upvote posts with a bunch of drama mongering nonsense. hehehe no I'm just teasing, please don't take it seriously. If you're young it will be especially difficult to put your finger on your type. &gt;he's bullshitting b/c he's bored

You know me so well!!!&gt;ITS ALL THE TYPING THREADS ON HERE.

Uh why would it *not* be all the typing threads on here? I do think it's normal for people to ask a question to a group and then for the people in the group to respond to that question. You want to ask a question and have a bunch of people answer with, ~idk man, whatever you want it to be~. How is that helpful at all?Yep, let's all change reality to suit your narrative and get a bunch of people on your side!It never happened. It's more made up crap. What? Okay you are making a lot of stuff up and it's annoying me now. He's identified as ISTP through and through. Whether or not you like him doesn't mean he doesn't know a lot about MBTI, that's incredibly unfair. I think anyone who has partaken in a google hangouts can attest to him being knowledgeable and observant, and he shows his face all the time. And he was actually pretty nice to you for the first say, hour of our conversation, until you told us all we didn't know anything about MBTI because 6 people spoke to you and all independently said ESFJ fit better, which is a rare degree of cohesion even for us. Pretty much all he's saying is calling you an ESFJ, he's not blatantly making up lies about you and yourself as a human to make you look bad or discredit you. It's way too far. Your type speaks for itself, it doesn't have to be proven, and you shouldn't be insulting someone who disagrees with you just because they disagree. 

Edit: Yes downvote, the truth is a very painful thing for certain people, I've noticed. ISFP maybe? INxx? Sort of hard when you're expressionless like that. I don't think my face alone looks like what you'd assume for my type.Why you sensors always got to cause drama?If you post a pic smiling naturally, it might be easier for us to guess! &gt;It feels like no matter how many times you extend hand or give them signals that they're making others in the group uncomfortable, they're like 'nope - this is what I want to do'. NTP's sometimes repress their logic sharing in interactions to kind get this smooth vibe, and can get quite passive-aggressive when someone else doesn't.


Oh yeah, totally. SFJs are even worse in my experience, because of the low Ti I think they are even more uncomfortable expressing their thoughts so when someone just steam rolls it's like...no good. I get a lot of passive aggressiveness after a group discussion with a lot of alpha types, it's something I'm really working on, learning to get a better read of people and know when to turn all that down. Delta types will just be uncomfortable and be like,with that delta disapproval, "please stop doing x/y/z" or most commonly, "calm down." I get that comment from deltas alllll the time.

I think the Te/Fi vs Fe/Ti would be an obvious split in terms of group  interactions, but Si/Ne vs Ni/Se clearly make a huge difference to. The calm sharing of individual perspective/thoughts and having a calm, pleasant vibe seems to be an important focus of Si/Ne I think. Ni/Se types, totally no regard for that at all. Seriously, Se types will just go with whatever vibe and rile each other up (or in the case of two introverted gammas, sort of just enter this really long introspective and tangential domination of the conversation).  A lot of ,"yes/no/this/that, fuck all those people!!" sort of stuff with Ni/Se. I think STPs/NFJs give off a more "playful" vibe with it, but the energy is always really high and like, aggressively dynamic with Se/Ni people, it's easy for them to get carried away. Firstly I never said OP was definitely a sensor. No one is saying OP is *definitely* this, or *definitely* that, but they *are* correcting him when he makes false claims and assumptions, and pointing him in certain directions. But, I will respond to your strawman anyway because I'm a bit appalled.

Do we really want to talk about MBTI in terms of being a "sensor vs an intuitive" again? What a depressing and disappointing regression. The whole "sensing vs intuition" as a black and white dichotomy and clear cut distinction is so far off from any in depth understanding of MBTI that I'm a bit surprised to see you of all people jumping in to use it as if it means anything. 

Where is the outrage when someone gets suggested to extravert when they're identifying as an introvert, or a TJ as FJ, or a TP as FP? For a group of people who claims not to think there is better or worse about being a sensor or an intuitive, there are a lot of knee jerk reactions to suggesting that someone who professes to be one could be another, even on a type me thread in which people are asking for a third party opinion. You really want to defend someone who states they are an intuitive because they were "creative, introspective, and openminded?” That's such MBTI level one stereotyping and misunderstanding that the fact that anyone would put stock in a statement like that is disconcerting. 

Everyone is still them at the end of the day, regardless of their MBTI type. It's just a tiny piece of who you are, it's not your identity. Your type *fits and describes you*. You are the baseline, not the MBTI system itself. Whether you identify as ENFP, ISTJ, ESTP, you're still the same person you wake up as every day. But if you are something, you don't have to say it; you just are. If you say you are a nice and caring person but you demonstrate that you are callous and close-minded, which one is correct? If a bunch of people circle jerk about how generous and giving they are when they haven’t given shit, does it make them giving people? Or a bunch of people online circle jerking about how “open minded and good they are at seeing the big picture” but getting really personally offended at the thought they their mental patterns line up, with gasp, *sensing*?! As if that changes anything about their life or who they are? Such open minded-ness, such seeing multiple possibilities, such big picture perspective. Thanks a lot for sharing! This perspective will be really useful for people trying to identify whether or not they are Ne/Si and where the functions fall in their stack, and reading all of the comments in this thread from other Ne users and SJs...super insightful. I actually don't think I've seen a description from an Ne-dom that seemed just like an honest first person perspective. All of the intuitive function descriptions are totally romanticized, and Ne is often reduced to ~ideas~ which is sort of silly. I think for most people, writing and describing your dominant function is boring as fuck. Because it's just that thing you do passively and it's the least exciting thing in the world to talk about. I'd rather write about Te or how I experience Fi than Ni. It would be awesome if more people could write something like this.Okay, seriously, enough. It's been like two days at this point and I can't even click on a thread without a reference to this nonsense. Firstly, how the hell is this thread even still up? I can't get through my head how the mods want to make threads about the importance of "preventing harassment" and allow this thread to exist. It's directly aimed at either "diagnosing" another user's supposed mental problems or making an example out of them. Hell, the username is in the title of the post for godsake! I mean, really? I get it, he's a troll, but at this point there are multiple MBTI threads, accounts, and random posts in completely unrelated threads going after this guy. That isn't harassment though, right? I mean, it's absurd. If that was going on for any other user it would all be taken down immediately. I suppose protecting someone is only reserved for users that we like. No, I just thought this sub was about MBTI, not a dick measuring contest between two idiots. How do you know what I do,"kbnation's brother"? And no, whatever the two of you do is between you, but at this point it's escalated and kept going way too far, and now it's all over the /r/mbti front page for the second day in a row, *because of you*.Interesting read! Sorry for the wall of text to come. I identify with it to a very tempered extent. Something worth noting (thx meowsock) is that Jung worked with a lot of wackos, so some of his anecdotes should be placed in that context. His descriptions make not be overly relatable for your average "I work a day job and have a normal life" Ni-dom. Like the girl who showers under a sheet...does that sound like a normal, well adjusted person to you? I mean, no.

Anyway, that first paragraph in particular, I can relate a bit. I do feel disconnected from my body. I say it's my flesh prison as a joke, but it is half serious. I never really look at myself in the mirror and tbh if you showed me a picture of like 20 different bodies and said one was mine, I wouldn't pick mine out properly. It just feels like a useless shell I have to take care of so I can get stuff done. I see no point in prioritizing my own physical comfort since I'm hardly even aware of it and I can also dissociate from pain easily. 

The brothel thing....I think I am good at picking up on environments and what "is and isnt going on here" really quickly, but I'd be lying if I said I haven't gotten myself into weird situations by totally ignoring certain details or whatever and being all off in my head. I can't think of any examples right now, but I've definitely done some similar things, gotten myself into trouble because of it.  

&gt;I cannot bring such a case down to a sense of reality through sensation directly, for to the intuitive, facts are mere air; so then, since thinking is her auxiliary function, I begin to reason with her in a very simple way till she becomes willing to strip from the fact the atmosphere she has projected upon it. Suppose I say to her, "Here is a green monkey." Immediately she will say, "No, it is red."

This is a bizarre example because honestly, there is some truth to it if it's taken as an exaggerated example. When I'm totally off in my head and not making sure to actively connect with reality, I do stuff like this sometimes. It might only take half a second for me to snap back down to the reality of what is real and what is not with Te i guess, but yeah. I don't find myself really allowing or liking to be too soaked up in that state. In my opinion INFJs are even worse at this sort of stuff because they don't have Te which has some sort of factual imperative in everything they argue. 

Otherwise, some interesting insights! I don't know how much of what I said is Ni specific, could be just an intuitive thing or even an IxxJ thing.  Personally I think Jung's anecdotes are from a self-indulgently disconnected Ni-dom or probably one with some mental issues, but it's not a bad exaggerated example. Most NJs live a regular life and are normal people, not all hiding under sheets or being consumed by snake belly nightmares or whatever. I think being Ni-dominant can be useful in day to day work/problem solving, everything isn't a mess of mysticism and otherworldliness (although it certainly can be sometimes :p).
I think it could just be a introvert problem, getting a bit too lost in your own head and not adding any new "data" to your mental framework. I get like that sometimes too, the less active I am the more I feel like my perception of things is totally off and I even start talking like some sort of weird shaman person or something.&gt;(stares at /u/ThisWontDo [+10] expectantly)

o_o who me?!

 I've been thinking about making a video/recording of just me blabbing to get a good handle on the function since it seems like the most organic way to demonstrate, but it's just like the least fun thing for me and I've been sitting on the idea for like a month. I'll have to bite the bullet though.

&gt;To be fair, you have written a bit before about Ni-dom as being kind of... not the visionary "woah, I just predicted the future!" thing that it is made out to be. :)

I really don't see the function as particularly future focused, mostly just geared towards seeing something in a very simplistic way that makes the next turn of events seem obvious. I do think that both Si and Ni are on a sort of plane in terms of unfolding of future events, just go about it in totally different ways. My personal observations, ISxJs spend more time thinking about the future than INxJs. Inferior Se wants to wing it and has faith, inferior Ne doesn't. 

&gt;It would be also interesting to see how an introverted perceiving function gets glorified and romanticized by... who?

I think there is something intimate about your introverted functions, regardless of whether or not it's your dominant. Ti, maybe not so much because of the nature of Ti, but I do see Ni/Fi/Si users sort of romanticising their perspective a lot. Plus I think crappy Ni descriptions make Ni just seem super cool and like a thing that you'd want to identify with, like a super power. 

&gt;Do Se-doms romanticize Ni as routinely as Si-doms romanticize Ne? (The answer seems to be usually no? Or is it?) And when Se-doms do romanticize Ni (in the way that this post is a neat insight into how Ne-doms might romanticize Si, even if the sentiment isn't often put out there in those words), what might that look like?

Irl I've definitely seen Se doms romanticizing Ni perspectives. It does depend a lot on the person though.  It could be a strong interest in the esoteric, a strong interest in getting to the "core" of big questions, believing in fate and karma, "everything is connected," that sort of thing. 

&gt;I still find it fascinating that you have described romanticizing Si as being incredibly grounded, factual, and close to reality. Like seeing it as Te plus super-Se? 

Yeah Si for me is just super fascinating. It works like a giant library where every experience gets filed away in some shelf, and it just gets bigger and more expansive the more life experience an SJ has. Si judgements about things tend to be so much more practical for this reason. And the Si users do something, the better they are at it. And inferior Ne...actually know how to plan and make sure stuff gets done right. Plus the whole "introverted sensation" aspect alone to me is like, what? *Subjective sensing*? I could not imagine finding depth in the world in that way. It also seems to have a strong sense of individuality that I'm sort of jealous of. I logically know that all people are the sum of their experiences, but I have zero ties to my past and I have to really, really think about or even have someone point out to me how past experiences have stayed with/shaped me. Ni seems very disconnected to the individual experience because of that.  

&gt;"I can abstract, with valid, reliable judgments, all of the possibilities of the universe, in great and impactful detail! I am Super Ni-Je yaaaaah!" When really, they are Si-Je, and romanticizing the notion of Ni.

Yeah I actually do see this a lot and I'm just like ugh, I wish that's what Ni was. It sounds so convenient and useful. Obviously Ni has it's benefits but especially when I'm tired or whatever and can't seem to filter my Ni through Te it's just like...a bunch of useless esoteric ~One Truth~ nonsense. Si and Ni are the same but opposites in terms of perception. So there is an interesting fascination/envy there probably from both sides. 
All of this stuff about INTJs is so true, *even in my experience dealing with other INTJs*. Fuck, it is so goddamn annoying to communicate someone to something and have them be like, "uh uh, sure, but ACTUALLY it's -*insert whatever off the mark thing they think it is here*-, no sense in hiding it/lying/etc!-stupid smirk-." It can also just be a TJ thing in general, Si-Te can create something similar, sort of like,"oh no, I *know who you are and don't try and tell/convince me otherwise*". Ugh. I know that I do it sometimes but just bleh. The best thing you can ever learn is to know what you don't know, and at least f'ing listen to someone when they try and explain themselves and not superimpose your idea of reality onto what reality actually is. I think it's also a maturity thing, but I think positions of authority(like a guidance counselor for example in this case) can give that false ego perception of actually knowing someone/something better than they know themselves. Funny, when my brother did LSD recently he was describing it to me, his thought process/the way he saw things, it sounded a lot like Ni. He is also ESFP though so maybe that has something to do with it. It sounded cool but also very "meh" to me, like if I'm going to feel/see/perceive something for 12 hours or whatever I don't want it to be that. Same will all hallucinogens though, I feel like my brain can trip itself off on its own when I'm sober, I really don't need any drugs to do that for me, sounds like wayyyy too much. But I do have an INTJ friend who has done it and really liked it so w/e. &gt; Honestly, I generally enjoy my state of mind sober. I know I sound like a loser, but I like having awareness plus like small stat boosts with nootropics and mild stimulants.

!!!! Totally, totally agree with you. Yes, please let me just sit here in my boring old normal mental state. I am also way more partial to slight enhancers like stimulants than anything super intense. I'm pretty sensitive in general so I'm up for 24 hours if I drink coffee past 2pm anyway, I don't need all of that crazy stuff. 

&gt;And yeah, Ni on overload would accurately depict the thought process. Very easy to lose yourself inside your mind. As an ESTP, I can't condone that =P.

Ugh like, I am already so lost in my mind D: I don't need to take something to make that even worse. I'm afraid I'll never come back out. 

&gt;I was actually quite fearful of triggering some latent schizophrenia. I have a relative who has it. As I was coming up, the first thing I noticed was a feeling resembling a feeling I used to get as a teenager-- a feeling in which the world begins to fade away. As a child/pre-teen I had it quite frequently and the come-up was so reminiscent of it. Derealization of a sort.

!!! i can totally relate to this fear. Actually this is my go to response when people try and get me to do something like LSD, I don't even have schizophrenia in my family but I do have stuff like bipolar disorder and like 70% of my immediate family including myself has some anxiety disorder so yeah, no thanks. 

When my anxiety used to be really bad I would get derealization/depersonalization a lot, it was so, so horrible. Bleh. Everything just feels like miles away even though it's right in front of you. Scary feeling. That's one of the reasons I tend to stay away from weed also, it gives me a similar feeling. Does weed bother you or not really?Yeah I've actually noticed that the more fatigued I get, the more Ni-heavy I become. Like one bad night's sleep and I can't really do anything except just...perceive. I can't Te for shit. Maybe look into ISFJ as well? It might seem out of left field but the functins are the same as INTP and depending on how you look at the theory, ISFJ-INTP have more in common functionally than INTP-ENTP. Also just a little aside, whether or not you are IxFJ, IxFJ seem to always say they are bad at handling emotionally charged situations. At least xxFJs *realize the situation is emotionally charged* while the TPs and the TJs are accidentally insulting someone's core values or steamrolling or w/e. 

&gt; I wonder what would make somebody think their tertiary is their dominant?

Very, very common to over-identify with the tertiary. I suppose it's because the tertiary function is the thing you recognize the most when you use it, while still being the same orientation as your dominant function. So an ENFJ is just Fe-ing all the time unconsciously without thinking, but they use Se (tertiary function) with more effort. 

It's something to think about. You wouldn't be the first INFJ or ISFJ to mistype as INTP, but you also wouldn't be the first INTP to doubt their type, hehe. Yeah it definitely could be a loop-type thing of sorts. I think it can happen to any introverted type. I don't have Ti-Si so I can't say how it is supposed to happen for one of *you people* but I know for myself, if my brain doesn't feel like it has nothing new to 'eat' it just kind of spins in circles. There are many knowledgeable STJs and SFJs on these forums who could point you in a better direction than I could, hopefully one of them will jump in right now ~Si-dom summoning power~, but I will just add that there is a bit of a connection/overvaluing/symbiotic type relationship with people who have your lower functions as your dominant and vice versa, you both bring each other up and down to your level. So when I talk to an ISxP, I force them to engage with their Ni more because I'm using it a lot, they have to shift their perception to follow me a bit, but I also usually have to shift my perception and behavior a bit to fit their Se more. So ISFPs have told me my Fi seems really strong (my third function) and I've told ISFPs their Ni was really strong (their third function), but it's because we're looking for that in each other and engaging with each other on that level, if that makes sense. So if your ENFP sister sees Ne, it could be because 1) she's looking for it and in-tune to it or 2) her constantly flexing her Ne makes you have to use it more. ofc 3rd option, you could be INTP, but ISxJ-INTP is a common mistype.I think she's ISFP. ISFPs are tert-Ni users so they certainly care about deeper meaning a great deal, and are pretty good at constantly interspersing deep meaningful themes in their work, whether it be literature or performance art. Like, aggressively quickly, "the past did and does not exist and we are here now, I never thought or said that stupid thing" quickly. I will throw away old understandings of the world pretty quickly for new and improved better ones ASAP if something seems more correct. Then again, the modus operandi of an Ni-Te user is basically, "knee jerk understanding of something without evidence, change and alter as evidence comes along" so I'm really used to having my perceptions shattered in an intellectual sense, sometimes even right after the words come out of my mouth. I think what you've described happens to me pretty frequently. I like it though, it helps get closer to the truth. However, I get Fi butthurt so I never wanna dwell on past misconceptions mistakes I've made like, ever. 

A more jarring IRL example for an Ni user would be when they have had some sort of extended perception of something which, if they would have been paying more attention to the little details or pieces of daily life, they wouldn't be surprised when it all comes crashing down, or suck so badly at fixing the inevitable fallout. A good example would be an INxJ working really hard in a group to make sure everyone feels heard, appreciated, accounted for, etc., and thinking they pulled it off super well, only to have someone call them out at the end for being unempathetic and isolating or something, and it's just totally out of left field for the INxJ because they worked so damn hard not to be like that, dammit! It sucks and there is a crisis, when the Ni perception crashes with reality, but it's not the worst thing ever. Phases? Probably like, a mini depression and self deprecation for a bit, needing to evaluate everything, then accepting that it happened, understanding faults, getting over it. 

It is honestly a common occurrence in my life though. Just by definition, the perception dominant types do have the largest gap between either subjective reality and some sort of objective reality so IxxJs and ExxPs would struggle with this sort of stuff the most, rectifying ideas of personal/objective reality perceptions or w/e (either a huge functional gap between Ni and Se and Si and Ne).  INTP? My best guess from all this. Ti-dom, some Ne in there, I see the preemptive Ti-Ne arguing with the readers and then making up something to make it all more interesting for you so, yeah INTP, why not? Some Si/Fi type, so ISTJ/INFP? Doesn't seem ESTJ/ENFP though. Although maybe SFJ too? The individualized "we are all lost in the world trying to make it but all have different inner worlds thing" is a perspective I associate with introverted sensing. Plus it's a very humble and sensitive way of looking at people so it also makes me lean Si/Fi but I would need more context even, hard to say. 

Edit: Oh INTJ eh? I could see an INTJ maybe saying something nice and empathetic like this on a good day. It does seem like a Pi-dom perspective. Hmmm I do think there is a huge difference between the way NPs/SJs perceive reality than SPs/NJs since with the NPs, the intuitive process is the "objective" one and the sensing process is the subjective one and try to wrap my head too much around how that works gives me a bit of a headache. So with Se doms, firm objective mindset definitely, that can be shattered by some Ni truth the same way an Ni perspective can be shattered from some Se truth...are Si-doms the same way? I mean....I think so? Maybe?The biggest difference I notice between Se-doms perception of reality and Ni-doms is that the Se-dom loses out on big picture flexibility a bit. So in order to account for rapid concrete in the moment data interpretation/understandings of things, Se-doms don't spend so much time constructing a larger flexible framework that changes rapidly over time like Ni does. Sort of hard to explain but in terms of big picture stuff, inferior Ni tends to get a bit stuck on a singular perspective/interpretation of things and forgets to re-conceptualize with new data. Sort of like, making a bunch of bad decisions that are all leading to something and I'm like, "erm, hello?" and then finally when they're knee deep in crap the big picture perspective catches up with them, and they're like,"hey I dont want to do this!" and it's like well too late, you're at point H now, should've thought about all of this at point A or B -.-.  Just like an Ni-dom will minimize certain concrete objective black and white facts in lieu of some big picture thing, or even agonize over things that will have big picture impact but aren't actually there yet or a present problem or whatever, or also just being completely unable to handle a bunch of things tactfully and strategically in the moment. They actually aren't really all that different though. Hey sort of hacking this thread but your idea of typing people by determining quadras is an interesting one. [I found this quiz](https://www.helloquizzy.com/tests/socionics-quadra-values-test), might not be a bad thing to point people to? I am legit the only person who I have tested it on for accuracy, and I know the problem with quizzes is that it involves a lot of honest self reflection and what no but for fwiw, I got overwhelmingly gamma, a little bit of beta and delta, and zero alpha, which is consistent with my function stack. Plus it's probably a bit harder for people to direct the answers to the type they want since it's not as obvious? What do you think? The answer choices are clearly right from the link you posted. Take it and see what you get :D 

Just an overwhelming list of descriptions might be a bit harder to elucidate your quadra accurately than a little test like that.I don't think something like weirdness is type specific, especially because the word "weird" is totally relative depending on your own perspective of what is and is not normal. General definitions of the word weird being quirky...I don't think INTJs are *that weird*. Sure they can have a weird side but gammas (NTJs/SFPs) aren't really all that quirky and are pretty serious people, and tend to be pretty critical of weirdness for weirdness sake. I associate it more with an Ne/Si axis thing, I know some ISTJs who are super.fucking.weird. and others who are just your stereotypical white middle class accountant. I think INTJs are more likely to come off as a cocksure asshole than weird. &gt; MBTI only describes what's already there. Albeit, very very crudely, I think it's relatively accurate.

❤Oh wow 12 is pretty highly alpha, meaning functions Si/Ne/Fe/Ti. So in socionics, for introverted types, they flip the j and the p. Since you were considering ENFJ or INFJ, perhaps consider ESFJ or ISFJ, then look at the NTPs.  Oh no, of course not! Deep down inside they really just want everyone to feel loved and to all get along. 😇&gt;dk how gamma has any fun...

Drugs, duh.INFP makes a lot of sense for you, just from the way you write and stuff, it suits you. Think you didn't have a flair for a while and I've always thought INFP.

Next best option for myself, probably ENTJ or ISFP, the SFPs might fit better cuz I feel pretty in touch with my Fi. Some lovely people have said ENFJ before but that is just flattery, I have zero Fe.It's basically just the qualities from the socionics quadras in test form, there have been surprisingly consistent/accurate results with it so far. Only problem is that it requires a weirder, more specific degree of self reflection than the typical mbti tests and some of them are pretty tough to answer. watch it, I've seen djarendee's "how to pick up the types" video

Edit: fuck yall my joke was funny, screw you guysI'm kind of rambling in this comment so if none of it makes sense to you, just ignore it. So I am INTJ and not that weird(I know it's relative, I get called weird all the time but I more or less assimilate), and my INTJ friend is technically super weird, but it is still like  a really predictable tempered weirdness that isn't as like...deeply weird as Ne/Si? Like to his core he is a very simple not that complex person with a fixed identity. There is still this underlying consistency and seriousness to him that I don't even know if he realizes that he has. It's also like, predictable "this is who I am weirdness" and the "this is who I am" stays constant (true to Fi I think). Hm I always thought he was an 8 but this is making me think he could be a 4. But either way sure, I think the "weird self identity" thing works for tert Fi, but something about the *type* of weirdness...doesn't seem that weird to me.Like all types and function stacks, INFPs can go both ways. I have two INFP friends, one is probably the most empathetic, warm hearted, and self-sacrificing person I know, the other is extremely critical of others and pretty wrapped up in his own worldview being the One Truth, and basically expects everyone to just bend and accommodate him. It's Fi-Si gone bad.  I think it's good to be aware that the types all encompass both really good and really shitty people. Yeah, my parents are both Si/Ne users and my 2 siblings and myself are Ni/Se. It all seems pretty random.&gt;The checkmate move here on which is weirder, INTP or INTJ is right here: Martin Shkreli, fuck-face extrordinaire

Oh my god he is terrifying, I never thought to type him, do you actually think is INTJ? We both like drinking red wine out of stemless wine glasses so.

Edit: [Oh look here is proof he is INTJ heheh](http://s3.amazonaws.com/hiphopdx-production/2015/12/Martin-Shkreli-Wants-To-Bail-Out-Bobby-Shmurda-e1455319007403.jpg), but actually yeah he does seem like one. Yikes. x_x When an INTJ is crazy with an inflated sense of self worth....cringe cringe cringeYeah I would consider function orientations to be more of a result of a bunch of little tiny genetic stuff that leads to a certain thought pattern preference, not necessarily being as black and white straightforward as ,"ok parents are SJs, kids are SJs" sort of thing. 

&gt;Btw. my dad is the only INTJ whose Ni never clashes with my Ne. Nature or nurture? ;D

awww why not both?! :3 I actually don't usually clash too badly with Ne-doms, though the relationships never seem to progress further than close friends/great conversation partners, but that probably says something in and of itself. [Is this not proof enough?!](http://i2.cdn.turner.com/money/dam/assets/151023111726-martin-shkreli-780x439.jpg)

Yeah I thought NTP at first primarily from his news coverage, but after he was mentioned I watched a few interviews with him and read a few articles, particularly a good Vanity Fair one, just about himself and the way his brain works, and I do think he seems INTJ. Second best option would be ENTJ even. His public persona needs a bit of digging to get an idea of who he is, but he is essentially a giant satire of himself and has actually maintained a pretty consistent direction since he was like 17.I really don't think he is NTP, Fe PoLR seems pretty perfect for him, even down to the way he emotes. I'd be happy to be proven wrong but unfortunately, it seems to fit pretty well.Yeah I will save you too much of the results of my investigation as not to turn off gamma types forever, but I will just say NTJ unfortunately seems pretty likely. Womb development actually makes the most sense to me. I remember reading somewhere that high violence areas tend to produce the most SP types...could have something to do with the mother's stress maybe? 

&gt;I dated INTJ for 3 years, nice guy, wanted to strangle him every time he started to talk about postmodernist philosophy during breakfast.Plus he linked everything, every decision people made, to some grand postmodernist worldview. It was bizarre...

Oh god. Ni tends to over fixate on a singular interpretation/understanding not even realize that it does it, and feel the need to obnoxiously connect it to everything. Since the brain is fixated, it can find a way to distill some sort of affirming lesson about said understanding in everything. I was going to say that it sounds aggravating and a bit cringey (which it does) but I wouldn't be surprised if some people I know think I do the same thing with MBTI/Jung...in fact, I know they think I do. :p

I noticed something about the introverted functions (Ni included), they tend to be incredibly self indulgent. Like when Ni wants to go on some sort of rambly tangent and connect everything to a thing and spend forever talking about its perception/understanding of a thing...it does so with a total disregard for whether or not other people care at all about what you're saying. INTJs are worse than INFJs here since at least INFJs have Fe, there is somewhat of a chance that they will sense everyone dozing off and adjust to it, but Ni-Te...nope. Off it goes. &gt;Exactly, the distinction between anecdotal events and long-standing patterns of action (i.e., behaviour) is what sets apart newcomers to the people most familiar with type preferences and functions.

Yeah exactly. Certain behaviors *do* certainly betray and point towards type, how could you ever type someone otherwise? It's mostly just about knowing what counts and what doesn't. Reading a lot and studying science for example are behaviors, but to convince people at MBTI level one that those things don't mean an NT, you do sort of have to say that certain super "almost all humans can relate to this" behaviors don't define a type. I'm also a bit skewed in my perspective here because of my own type so therefore my typing method will reflect my own cognition, but specifics in isolation, stories, etc. rarely do much to point towards type for me, especially since like...memories aren't even accurate and if you acted all valiant in one moment doesn't mean that's actually who you are. And also, selling super hard how you acted in one particular moment...makes it seem not like a regular thing for you. It doesn't mean anything to me. A laundry list of x, y, and z things you've done...I will probably look less at what you've said you've done and more of the way you *saying* what you've done. It's behavior sure, but it's very general, thematic behavior that makes a type, and often unfortunately it isn't all that tangible. This will be a very Ni-Se answer but I think you can get a general feel of someone's type by behavior in the moment naturally with physical and even verbal cues if you know what to look for. Find a few videos of STJ and NTJ types and listen to them talk...the speech patterns are frighteningly similar, or the way ESTPs seemingly *never* lose awareness of the moment or their audience...I mean, look at the way socionics groups quadras by "in the moment" group behavior. There is certainly something there.

On the other side of the coin, there is larger scale, thematic behaviors that point to type which are a bit less tangible. This person never falters from the topic at hand, they always catastrophize and expect the worse, they are very sensitive to how they are perceived by other people, they always connect things to their own personal experiences, they *never* connect things to their own personal experiences, they hate talking about the past, thinking about the future makes them anxious, etc. 

Sure it's behavior, but I don't know if it is behavior in the way people commonly understand it, i.e, "one time this happened and I acted this way so this function" or really general non-specific behaviors like liking to argue...it is so, so, easy to get bogged down that way type wise. I'm not "guaranteeing" that he is NTJ, just that the type seems the most likely from what we can see about him as a public. I don't even know what would *guarentee* anyone is one type over another, especially if all we have are interviews/twitters/some pictures and some articles. If you go down that direction, it's legit impossible to type any public figure, or any person, since you can't really find any concrete proof anyone is any particular type. I don't see you evidencing any argument for NTP.

&gt;He actually reminds me a lot of a successful and very driven ESFP I know who can - at times - be his own worst enemy.

But NTJs and SFPs are both gamma quadra though? Him reminding you of an ESFP makes a lot of sense of he is another gamma quadra person, far more sense than an NTP. ENxJ, I lean ENFJ. Hard to type though just from the TV show.Spike ISTP, Vicious ENTJ, Faye ESTP, Ed ENTP, Jet ISTJ(? he is the one I am least confident of, he's some SJ though), Julia probably ISFJ from the few interactions with her, Ein I highly suspect is INTP.:/You asked so I'll be honest, some of my portrayals here aren't that flattering. I've had really good relationships with ESFJs but also really bad ones, same with all types. 

I don't find ENTPs manipulative at all. They seem pretty honest, heart on the sleeve, primary interested in fun, positive vibes, intellectual honesty. Maybe they are good at trolling people and riling them up but opportunistic manipulative-ness and ENTP...meh not really. No Se opportunistic "I'll throw you under the bus and use you for what I want now and forget all about it later" and no strong extraverted judging function. Honestly I just think it's an internet ENTP ego fixation, the wily manipulative ENTP. 

ESFJs though, I find can be pretty manipulative. Maturity is definitely huge here, but ESFJs are my conflictors so predictably I have issues with ESFJs and their behavior in said conflict always strikes me as manipulative. Inferior Ti does not really prioritize factual or logically consistent arguments, and Fe-doms (especially one w/o strong Se) often don't even realize how much they are stretching the truth to fit the narrative they want to get people on their side. Also immature ESFJs tend to be down with passive aggressive cattiness, shit talking about stuff that didn't even happen, constant attempts to destroy reputation,ad hominem accusations in what was supposed to be an impartial discussion to discredit someone for whom beef is carrying over from something that happened previously...plus Si like, never forgets. I find the behavior really confusing. The most confusing thing for me is that ESFJs for the most part seem to mean well and not even realize they are being manipulative? Maybe it's the Ni-PoLR but it makes it even worse and impossible for me to engage with. 

ENFJs can be super manipulative too, but they're more like the smooth talking overarching "I'm only being friends with you so I can use you for this thing I will eventually need," opportunistic type. ENFJs pretty much know exactly what they are doing, their manipulative behavior seems a lot more calculated. I definitely don't think it's impossible. I grew up with an ENTP best friend and I don't remember her ever really acting like that when we were young, even at our darkest most horrific middle school/high school days, and I've had some...negative experiences with ENTPs since then, but they never struck me as really manipulative in that way to that Fe-dom inferior Ti extent, mostly just dickish behavior. In terms of ENTPs; I find myself not feeling like the victim of Fe group manipulation with them (even ESTPs make me feel like that sometimes). Mostly I just feel a bit disappointed in their choices/behavior, if that makes sense (and isn't the most TJ comment ever). Could also just be an intuitive dom and intuitive dom thing, I'm way more easily manipulated by Se users, cant imagine ever feeling manipulated by an ENxP but I know other people def feel differently.

Edit: Ah. I just remembered someone talking about being disappointed in their ENTP friend sort of behaving the way you described, particularly not having their back in a moment they really needed it; instead the ENTP wanted to play Fe "bastardize person and group gossip" instead. So I guess I've just been fortunate enough not to experience it firsthand.Ah my bad, here: I lost a lot of respect for those ENTPs that day.

But I actually thought about it more and edited my comment, I'll just paste for your convenience, I just remembered someone talking about being disappointed in her ENTP friend because they were behaving the way you described. My friend could've really used the ENTPs support because everyone was sort of pointing fingers at my friend and criticizing her, and instead the ENTP wanted to play Fe "bastardize person and group gossip" instead, despite having told my friend in private before that he supported her tough decision or whatever. So I guess I've just been fortunate enough not to experience it firsthand. Same dom-tert functions do really cause a lot of similar behavior sometimes; it goes for all types, ESFJ/ENTP included, though it might seem unlikely at first glance. 

&gt;But I think the origin is more confusion and weird non detachment ENTP gain later in life

Huh you know this is interesting, I can relate to this a lot from an tert-Fi perspective; I'm suddenly a lot more emotionally sensitive and involved in things than I used to be. Like wtf is happening to me?! Where is my IxTJ cold-evilness?! But it makes sense all thinking types with tert feeling would start to get like that, especially in their 20s/30s.
Yeah okay cool I'm glad ISTJ makes sense to other people, I even thought ESFJ a bit because he is really focused on community and them all being a group, but that is something I see pretty often with Si in general, including the STJs. 

Yeah of course people online have to be typing Julia as an intuitive...I just see zero evidence for that, seems like overidentifying wishful thinking mistyping. Ni-dom especially just makes very little sense, INTJ especially...just no. Sure an ISTP INFJ couple would be lovely but meh ISFJ just seems like the safest bet for her. Laughing Bull is the INxJ. :DYep exactly. All of that for Julia was pretty much exactly what I was thinking...there are a few other things that seem ISFJ-ish,but mostly the way she handled a lot of things made more sense for an strong Si user and her Fe warmth/kindness was pretty much what drew Spike to her. Like you said it's hard to tell but if you're going to be super general and trace a thread through what we know and her decisions, ISFJ makes the most sense to me.Yeah good point. I think probably besides my lifetime of drama with ESFJs, the most eye-rolling Fe behavior I've seen has actually been from ESTPs. Maturity probably does play a huge role here. 

&gt;idk, from my experience/observation TJs tend to be more sensitive then TPs, who are not less emotional but operate on two planes - Fe feelings and personal feelings. And those don't intermix as much as Te-Fi. I mean at first most TJs are I'm logic, nothing will phase me ~ unless it's that one thing...

HA oh no, this is definitely, definitely true. Hell, I'd go as far to say that *all* TJs, even the ExTJs, are more emotionally sensitive that TPs. The "that one thing" part is soooo true. I've had so many issues with TPs in relationships where we are both handling the issue either super jerkishly and we're both unfazed or super rationally/logically until that ~magic line~ gets crossed...then everything changes. I notice I'll start from the whole 'Ni big picture lets paint both sides of the issue here' until that one specific button gets pushed and I'm super upset/angry whatever.  TPs tend to just be like "wtf is this?" or even try and run Fi through some logic circuit and get all critical about it. Fi/Fe can cause some weirdness in relationships especially if both of the people are lower in their respective feeling function since it's not all that nuanced. What have your emotional issues/experiences/differences been with a TJ-TP relationship?Fi isn't necessarily a sense of pride...most STPs out there seem to have pretty well defined senses of pride. Look at Fi more like a sensitive, nuanced, deep emotional inner world, a strong moral compass...Spike definitely doesn't have that. Hell, part of his attraction to Julia was that she was the emotional softness and sensitivity that he lacked. [I'm feeling a bit lazy but here's a pretty good Spike ISTP write up](https://zombiesruineverything.com/2014/09/18/mbti-spike-spiegel-istp/). No one wants to do this.Well firstly it also depends *A LOT* on the situation. Some things certain people and certain types are really comfortable attacking and pointing out and others they ignore. Every type will ignore the elephant in the room in certain situations if it feels like addressing something they are not equipped for. My goal is always to squash the elephant when it's just a baby in a sort of preemptive thing, but other situations are weird. Especially if addressing the situation requires tact and etiquette and involves another person more than myself, mostly like, if someone keeps embarrassing themselves or something...man I will just ignore the hell out of it because I don't have tact and I know I'll create some sort of PR nightmare or whatever and just make it worse.

Maybe strong Fe types are more comfortable standing up for other people than themselves, and Fi types vice versa. Enneagram probably has a lot to do with this (9s especially), also low extraverted judging functions, also high feeling functions might prefer harmony/positive vibes or delaying conflicting...I associate it more with Si as well because of environment internalization, not wanting to cause waves/a disruption, strong Se types have a hard time ignoring what is there/keeping their mouth shut...plus also introverts might prefer to want to intellectualize and find a "perfect time" to address the conflict as opposed to just going for it.Yeah definitely, it's hivemind bias that most people who come in here to get typed are typed as sensors, not just that most people are sensors. If there is a vat of balls with 70% red balls and 30% green, you're going to pull out more red ones. It's not a conspiracy. Even if the statistics were 50:50 sensing vs intuition, it would still be every other type me thread pointing to sensing. So when someone says they can't be an sensor because they don't follow rules and are creative, it's not the hivemind pointing out that that's a silly and wrong thing to say, it's just a silly and wrong thing to say. I understand that getting rid of that delusion about SJ types means that a lot of people don't get to say that they're intuitive and it's deeply upsetting for some people as evidenced, like feeling the need to make throwaway accounts to cry hivemind conspiracy than think objectively about how statistics reflect reality; aka that there are probably more sensors in the world than intuitives and its that fucking simple. Oh yes pandering to a theme of misrepresentation, very deep and easy to miss.Bet he's an NT, all we do is get mad at stuff that doesn't matter. I actually don't think the tests are THAT horrible, with the conditions that they are taken blindly and the person taking the test is over 18. I've mentioned before that I took an MBTI test with 60ish people in a group setting where no one but me and the proctor gave a shit about MBTI... there were a few mistypes sure, and obviously it was a bit harder to tell with the introverts since they didn't really talk as much, but it wasn't THAT inconsistent. Only one person typed as ENFJ in the group and she was ENFJ as fuck, and the 2 ENTPs were pretty darn ENTP...and all we did was stupid group activities so I got to really talk to and observe everyone and it honestly solidified for me that in terms of a once and done, blind take...the test isn't that bad. Sure there was one girl who typed as ESFP who was probably ESFJ for example, but it wasn't like rampant random mistyping where everyone typed as an INxx type and I was sitting there thinking,"wow the test is SERIOUSLY CRAP!!!" Mistypings seems to be only 1 or 2 letters off *in that sort of a situation.* An ESTJ might type as INTJ, or an INFJ might type as INTJ, or an ISFJ might type as ISFP, but they aren't totally random. There will always be outliers, but outliers don't define the norm. 

There's a huge difference between someone who blindly takes the test as a once and done sort of thing, and someone spends even an iota of time researching and investing themselves in the system. The problems come when people start getting invested in certain types and the significance of particular axises, which is going to be pretty much anyone who stumbles into an MBTI forum. It takes about 5 minutes to figure out what answers correspond to what axis, and one visit to /r/intj to figure out the stereotypes. No one who just takes the MBTI test blindly without doing research will come into /r/mbti saying that they can't be a sensor because they don't follow rules and are creative or whatever. No one who knows nothing about MBTI will know those associations. 

An evaluation of the mbti statistics...they're from the MBTI institute, from data spanning 1971 through 2002...it's a pretty substantial data pool and taking for granted that the majority of those people who took those tests weren't in MBTI discussion groups, it's not absurd to take it with some standard deviations of veracity, or more of a potential general theme than law. According to the MBTI institute, they estimate 73.3% of people are sensors and 26.7% are intuitive....that sounds a bit much, as does their 60-40 F vs T split...you want to take it with even a 10% margin of error, sure, but it's really all we've got besides the occasional random person online who says themselves, their friends, and their parents are all INFJ. 

I think everything should be critically evaluated and taken with a grain of salt, but it's a bit odd that people will take the veracity of an unsubstantiated claim like "more intuitives like MBTI than sensors" instead of thinking about the insane amount of confirmation bias there while simultaneously completely throwing out, not even taking flexibly, 30 years or so of data. Are the tests perfect? Of course not. No one actually says "you can't be an intuitive because it's rare" because that's a really stupid argument and the people who say that happens seem to speak more from butthurt than reality. Even if INFJs are only 1% of the population, they still exist, it just means you'll see less of them, even if you up the statistic to say, 5 in 100 people (1 in 20). If the MBTI statistics are taken for what they are, about 20% of people are ISxJ types. That is 1 in 5. Even if you cut that in half, that's still 1 in 10 people. If one answer is there more often than others, it doesn't mean that there is bias. The only way you wouldn't see one type more than others is if every type is equally proportioned in society, so 1 in every 16 people is each type, and that's still 1 in 4 people being each SJ/NT/NF/SP temperament.I am honestly incapable of sustained anger or resentment. I can be annoyed at a thing but I'm pretty much flash in the pan about everything. Something I've been noticing about myself as I get older and it's actually not really a good quality? Someone can screw me over horribly or repeatedly and I just get over it and basically forget about it. Dunno what it is, enneagram, maybe gamma quadra, maybe even just Ni's devaluation of the first person perspective and an over-focus on context/the reason for things over what actually happened, role/PoLR Si, who knows. But yeah I just like...honestly do not think I'm capable of sustained hatred. Mmmm jealousy just manifests in self-deprecation from my end honestly. Like, "if they have that thing why am I not good enough/don't work hard enough" sort of stuff. Sustained jealousy directed towards a person, dunno if I can relate to that. Unfortunately I don't have it in me to lie and make more exaggerated claims back at a person, but if you have such a problem you can just bring it up civilly instead of slanderously lying and misrepresenting with throwaway accounts. It's really disrespectful and has become a theme recently since a "few people"(just to be nice to protect your identity, I know it's important enough for throwaways) got incredibly offended about something suggested to them. Please stop trying to fear-monger. This is an anonymous internet forum, not 1984. We are the ones who have shared our names and faces with people and facebook friend people we type, so if anyone should be worried about doxxing, it's us. "Gaining power through fear," really? What is there to gain even?! It's /r/mbti. -.- I wish I lived in a sort of political drama where word usage like that was appropriate. Yeah we're like that. I also think INTJs (maybe ISTJs too I dunno) have a strong preference for hanging out one on one over a group so maybe keep that in mind. I probably say no to 80% of "come hang out with all of us!!" requests but am way more open to one on one meetups/hangouts. Look. I'm not surprised you would share those since the way you've been acting, but I honestly just thought you were being sort of crazy and embarrassing yourself and I wanted to help you. With this behavior, can you honestly get it through your head that maybe the people down voting you are just getting sick of seeing stupid posts like this?There's a huge difference between drama and having a personal meltdown dude. Pretty bad driver tbh, it's okay sometimes, I daydream sometimes which is bad, I like to listen to music, I have bad road rage and drive too fast. I hate driving, I find it pretty stressful. I'd rather live somewhere where I can just walk furiously to all of my destinations. I'm INTJ.

On the other side of the coin, my brother is ESFP and he taught himself to drive in less than a week and he is a hell of a lot better driver than I am despite being 5 years younger. Hmmm not sure. I can only speak for myself but I find large groups of people pretty exhausting and in order to keep up and be an active participant, I really need to be "on". I also don't really feel like I contribute well to groups anyway, the more people involved, the more I end up just observing, or arguing with someone and killing the mood. I can do it occasionally but unless it's a very tight-knit group of friends who like arguing or whatever, but I'd mostly rather just be alone or have an in depth one on one discussion.Interesting, I wonder if it's an introvert/extrovert thing but personally I just know it's off-putting to others to sit around in a group miserable or whatever. Sometimes I will just feel so crabby and drained that I know I'll just go hang out with people and be miserable and that's not fun for anyone.

Yeah one of my best friends is ESTP! We only argue when we are in groups. Just like constant sass battles, arguing about politics, that sort of thing. I guess it's like we're putting on a show for everyone and we know how to push each other's buttons. The mask he puts on in a group can be annoying at times because he'll act like we're total frenemies while spilling his soul to me one on one, but I'm used to it. I don't think we've ever argued one on one in the 10+ years I've known him; drama is usually related to opportunism and throwing me under the bus when it suited him which kind of sucked but whatever, we're older now and I don't think he would do that again. 

His brother is ENFJ and I'm really close with both of them. I actually love the group atmosphere they cultivate, I rarely say no to hanging out with them both which is rare for me, but there's no group of people I have a better time just hanging out in someone's kitchen with.I suppose it's like the definition of a fast paced fun loving beta environment.Well I actually did see it on an Se description once, the ability to pick up skills like driving quickly, but I dunno where they got that from. 

Inferior Se...maybe. I think mostly I just find it stressful but also boring. I've lived/driven in places where people are HORRIBLE drivers and it forced me to rely a lot on reaction time which I'm not good at,so I guess that's inferior Se. I pretty much feel this combination of hyper on edge and intense boredom. I tend to easily get lost in thought. I've driven a lot but never gotten in an accident though so I suppose that's good, but I definitely would consider my driving style reckless. Reckless because I drive too fast, get really impatient, space out a lot and look at my phone way too often :p Typing fictional INFJs is hard since I think a lot of IxFPs get mistyped as INFJ for whatever reason. Like I see Harry Potter get typed as INFJ but I think he seems more ISFP. 

Let me think...Don Draper hooked up with a teacher in one season, [here is a clip of her](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbSIWN3nS7w) and [another](https://vimeo.com/7860376), who struck me really strongly as an INFJ who was just also a normal person. The robot girl in Ex Machina was INFJ, professor X from X-men is INFJ, what about Yoda? He could be INFJ. I honestly haven't seen Star Wars in over ten years so xD INTP also makes sense. I have heard Gandalf as INFJ before, that one I could see.

Was just going to comment, I also think she is ESTP, maybe ESFP. Hmmm IxTP type&gt;I was introduced to and began studying the mbti quite young (13 or 14), but I think one personality tend I noticed was the instinct stack in the enneagram.

That's funny, of all the mbti/enneagram concepts, the instinct stack is the thing I still have the hardest time recognizing. You don't even understand how powerful my urge is to argue about something I know nothing about. Nope! I said it and I still think it's a super unlikely combo.Me irlDo you really think you're ENTJ? I always thought you were wooing me with Fi-Ni magic but maybe you were just Te brute forcing me after all.I can't even get the INFJ I know to match clothes lol I think people just want to be valued for the qualities they value in themselves. Plus people's natural focuses are different; i.e, I barely even pay attention to what people look like whereas an SFP is different, you all see everything. I would assume criticisms of liking people for their looks comes from the opposite spectrum of bullying someone because of their looks because it's a really easy thing to use against someone. 

Also I think it's important to note it goes both ways; SP types in general actually seem to prefer physical compliments or to be judged by their physical appearance I've noticed. I told an ESTP once I would still like them if they were unattractive/out of shape which I thought was the "right answer" (it was true) and they actually got pretty upset about it. -shrug- 

As long as someone isn't like, actively harming someone, I don't think it really matters so much what qualities they like/don't like in a person. If someone prefers to be around attractive people, what does it matter to anyone else?It's not about the math, it's about the INTP tendency to mentally break everything down. Especially jokes, INTPs seem to always need them to be logically explained and delineated. Sort of like this right now.Hey thanks for writing all of this, your method makes sense but there are a few things you don't cover that I'm interested in. Firstly, I'm curious if there was any reason in particular you ruled out stronger Fe types (so the FJs) and landed on Fi/Te types (ISTJ/INFP) instead. Secondly, when you say you relate to inferior Se descriptions, in what way do you mean?

Also this might seem a bit out of left field but there has been a bit of consistency with this so I want to try this out, [would you mind giving this test a try?](https://www.helloquizzy.com/tests/socionics-quadra-values-test) Some of the questions are weird and hard to answer but just try to be honest and if you can, post your number result for each quadra after :)&gt;I also read the one about the lying and truth telling twins with the forked roads. Instead of trying to solve it he asked why it mattered which road I took, so I said that one leads to a place you want to go and the other lead to "certain doom." His response was to handcuff the twins to himself and start walking. So then I said they were immovable objects. He said he he'd just turn around and not bother, then. Hmpf.

HA yessssss. I hate this riddle. You ask me this and I am more likely to rant about how stupid it is than play along tbh. Like what kind of situation is this?

I'm INTJ and I don't like riddles either, Te/Se doesn't really like random useless abstract mental fun stuff, I like mental puzzles to obey the laws of practical reality.

None of this is enough to type your dad off of but I'm pretttty sure Te in general doesn't really love Ti-type riddle/thought puzzles. Hell, the ISFJ I know loves those things, me...meh.Yeah the test has a weird typo in the end, but your results (delta quadra) were consistent with INFP/ISTJ so it's more support you are definitely on the right track. How do you plan for things and react under stress?

Also, I would agree with /u/jermofo and say from the info available atm, you seem ISTJ over INFP. you broke it xD, fwiw the only other person whose results were that inconclusive was an ESTP. [It's just this stuff in test format](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/15-Socionics-Four-Quadra). Well Ni is the god function so basically being Ni-dom means you can use all of the functions to the fullest extent whenever you want right?Sounds pretty consistent with Si/Ne, introverted perception dom at the very least. The top part does sound incredibly ISTJ. The last part...seems a bit more like a lower feeling function than a feeling dominant type. Oh man you cracked me up, I really enjoyed reading this, your candidness. 

Anyway I would put money on you being a Te/Si user with all of this, so STJ. Probably enneagram 6w5 or maybe 1. I guessed INTP in your last thread but this is a way more honest self description, the last one you were like fighting a millipede or whatever and seemed pretty bored with it/to not really give a shit, this breakdown is better. And NTP-STJ, especially when an STJ enneagram head type (so 5 or 6) gets confused with NTP surprisingly often so...I would consider it. &gt;At least it kind of confirmed that I use Ne-Si over Se-Ni axis, but also highlighted why I have been having such difficulties settling on my type.

Hey having one axis down is great! If you like the idea of of typing by quadra, [you could take a look at this and see if the alpha or delta one suits you more](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/15-Socionics-Four-Quadra). 

Yes I am involved, and there are a few trends! I have the data all written out and I was going to post it just for knowledge sake. I am still working on the post but if you want a tiny preview, here is some data of the types people settled on after chatting with us. The most shocking data point was the super high degree of FJ/TJ types over FP/TP types, guess judging types want closure:

Dominant functions:

4 Te-doms (ESTJ, ESTJ, ENTJ, ESTJ)

4 Si-doms (ISTJ, ISFJ, ISFJ, ISFJ)

3 Ni-doms (INFJ, INTJ, INFJ)

2 Fi-doms (INFP, ISFP)

1 Fe-dom (ENFJ)

1 Se-dom (ESFP)

0 Ne-doms

0 Ti-doms

In terms of mistyping trends...nothing overwhelmingly consistent, however, the most notable thing that might not make a whole lot of sense functionally but it is a trend, is mistyping along the same T/F line with benefit relations. Despite INTJ and ISFP having the same functions, people are more likely to mistype an INTJ as an ISTP, for whatever reason. It happens even more when you are just typing someone else externally IMO (George Clooney is a good example of this, he always gets typed as ENTJ but compare him to his wife, Amal, who seems overwhelmingly xxTJ...George is likely ESTP). But here are the trends and something people should look out for:

ISFJ-INFP

ESFJ-ENFP

ENTJ-ESTP

INTJ-ISTP

INFJ-ISFP

ENFJ-ESFP

ENTP-ESTJ

INTP-ISTJ

I actually find Kanye like, painfully genuine. I don't see him as putting on an act at all. I think he genuinely believes in almost everything he says and does. Beyonce calculated AF, Kim K calculated AF, Taylor Swift calculated AF, but Kanye? He's crazy but I do think he's being real. He has serious ego and narcissism problems, hence going into like millions of dollars of debt to try and do/create everything he envisions or whatever and not being realistic about it...he seems like an unhealthy 4w3.I went with ESFP for Kanye but I was reconsidering ISFP. He is definitely like, oozing Fi, but I think the Se-dom with inferior Ni wins out over inferior Te, plus he's enneagram 4w3.

 Firstly his temperament, he seems way too constant with the impulsive explosions towards people than I would expect from an ISxP in the public life...most ISFP artists tend to really blend into their character and primarily identify with their art like David Bowie, Lady Gaga, Prince, etc...don't really have these constant explosions like Kanye does. Plus a lot of the decisions he makes seem to point more towards a lack of foresight which end up really biting him in the ass. I also think like, in interviews when he is like totally buying all of his "deep amazing insights"...sometimes yes he knows what's up but a lot of the time he's just spewing a lot of nonsense like he is keyed into some truth that is just not there...seems more inferior Ni than tert. Ni. What are the reasons you went ISFP over ESFP?Yeah he doesn't operate with a lot of perspective at all, despite his claims to the contrary. Well most ESFPs aren't necessarily that talkative despite what might be assumed with the extravert label, Se involves perceiving the external sensory world concretely, it's not like generating millions of creative ideas like Ne that the person wants to share or involved with the collective mood of people like Fe. So ESFPs can be surprisingly quiet, they are mostly interested in affecting/impacting their external world and are action oriented as opposed to being talkative. 

His extremeness...Se leads to a lot of extreme and even reckless behavior, Se-doms especially lack perspective and might have a hard time realizing the negative consequences of their actions. Being idealistic is not a trait only reserved for NF types, though I actually would not consider Kanye idealistic at all, he's so damn angry all the time. Fwiw your writing style strikes me as pretty INFP-ish over STJ but it's just a vibe. You could do a type me thread and see what people think. 

There is like a huge growing amount of people who pop in whenever they want to/are available. The types of people involved include: ISTJ, ESTJ, INTJ x 2, ISFJ x 2, ISTP, ESFP, INTP, INFP...hopefully I'm not forgetting anyone. But it's a lot of people. 

&gt; And do you think that high Fe or Te could maybe be more apparent in a person than Fi/Ti when typing through videos?

Good question, I think in theory yes, but it can be tricky with introverts sometimes since it isn't their dominant function. Some ISFJs, depending what they are talking about...there might be more Si-Ti going on than Fe. It really depends on how talkative the person is with Fi/Ti. Like IxFPs can be really shy and quiet (hell, IxTPs can be also) so that can make it harder to figure out their type if they aren't comfortable sharing their thoughts. Mostly, especially in short controlled settings, people seem to have the easiest time picking out their own strong functions. So the FJs will usually pick up on someone's Fe before say, the TJs do and vice-versa; the INFP will usually pick up on another Fi-dom before other people do, etc., but it's just a "usually" thing. A lot of ISFPs really love their intuition, especially the artsy ones, and Fi-dom plus inferior Te can lead to a very dreamy feel and perspective, even with the secondary Se. I can fully understand why ISFPs would type or misidentify as INFP. It's probably a lot more innocent of a mistype than the reasons listed. +10 totally, here to vouch as a fact/reality/practically junkie NTJ type. Theoretical philosophy makes me snooze out of pointlessness and [Ti riddles...D:&lt;](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4oqmje/help_typing_my_dad/). The whole "logical" thing is definitely a misconception about INTJs in particular. The traditional definition/understanding of the word "logic" doesn't really properly describe a Te process. In my mind I just see it as only facts/"what is" carrying weight and I find too much thorough theoretical abstract very detailed discussion super boring since it doesn't seem to really matter. People see the "N" in INTJ and assume they're all about that stuff but it's really like the antithesis of concern for a Te-Se type. At the end of the day, inferior Se just cares about basic ass concrete reality and impact. INFJs do tend to like stuff like that though and get way more metaphysical than I ever want to but they also have no Te so.

I think that Si-Te can look/behave a lot more like Ti than Ni-Te. At least Si-Te users tend to be very methodological and cautious about analysis/decision making that can easily get confused for a Ti-Ne type process. While Se-Ti can look a lot more like Ni-Te reasoning, they both have a very black and white quality. &gt;But Kirk is not a murderer, and Khan is. 

xD what did that even have to do with the rest of the article?! But yeah I have never seen Star Trek so I dunno, the article is like typical INTJ master intricate planner INTJ-that-sounds-like-ISTJ stereotype but I can't think of any fictional INTJ-ESTP pairs. D: Peaky Blinders, maybe Tommy and Arthur for INTJ-ESTP (I go between INTJ and ISTP for Tommy which seems to happen a lot in fiction but INTJ seems to fit best), but Tommy just like bullies the shit out of Arthur so it's not the best example. Mostly I just think it's because in terms of fiction, characters with those personality types don't often end up in the same zone, and if they do it's usually grudge matches. Inferior Se. Pretty much all of my problems are from my inferior function too. I hate living in and getting swallowed by the void that is introverted intuition. I really, really just want the ability to take things day by day instead of drowning in perspective. And if I ever am faced with something I feel like I can't handle, like the big picture lens only got me so far and I looked over/ignored a bunch of crap that is now biting me in the ass and I'm backed into a wall staring reality in the face...I don't handle it, I just purge/destroy or ghost. It's like the impulsiveness of Se but pathetic inferior Se version. And honestly I can't even manage to do that sometimes, it takes a while. Just *doing the thing* is stupidly difficult sometimes for whatever reason, even if I know exactly what I have to do. it's like okay whatever, I did it in my head, it will happen in reality *eventually* aka when I feel like it aka never.

Always rushing ahead, not enjoying the moment or even knowing how to exist in it...it can be pretty exhausting. I think ISxPs have the best deal with Ni since you guys manage to be in the now and naturally *take time to see what's there* before jumping to the picture conceptualization of a situation/thing. There's no mental bum-rushing ahead of reality like NJs but it's still not quite suppressed like an inferior Ni type who can really, really just "in the moment" into really shitty situations that were super avoidable and not even realize they are like eye-deep in quicksand. Sort of funny how just by virtue of being inferior perception functions, the inferior Ni and Se problems can actually mimic themselves conceptually. ENTJ enneagram 3. You might be considering INTJ but ENTJ suits you better, Te-dom with tert Se. You say that now...&gt;I recognize that Ti and Fe can't be running at the same time since they're mutually exclusive

There is a huge difference between Ti-dom relationship to Fe and IxFJ/ExTP relationship to Fe. I'm not necessarily explaining the mechanics of why because it can be a bit convoluted but with a Ti-dom, they overvalue Ti and in turn suppress /undervalue their Fe in lieu of their primary mode of cognition being Ti....but IxFJ/ExTP have less separation between the Fe/Ti in their stack, so they tend to be a lot more "moderate" and less extreme in their valuation of one over the other. It's the same for every type in terms of their dominant/inferior function. So an INTJ will devalue Se pretty extremely as an Ni-dom but have less of an extreme spectrum between Te and Fi....but an ENTJ type will have *more* of an extreme spectrum between Te and Fi but less of an extreme one between Ni and Se...does this make sense? So an IxFJ or ExTP type doesn't necessarily suppress/sacrifice as much Fe or Ti to the degree than an ExFJ or IxTP will.&gt; Ti is never wrong, but can never prove it.

Oh Ti can certainly prove it is never wrong with its own logic. Ti can web together so many catch-22s or weave anything into whatever mental formula it has going on up there to prove whatever it wants to prove. Can't speak so much for NTPs but STPs literally forget it. SFJ best guess. SP seems really wrong for his temperament and Fe sounds right.Ronaldo ESTP, Messi ISTP. Stop criticizing the way I wash dishes /u/FuccFas. NOTHING I EVER DO IS GOOD ENOUGH IS IT?!Hmm you're tricky. I have a best guess but I want to ask more questions. You seem to know a good amount about MBTI already so how do you feel about Ni/Se as your perception axis? Does Si seem the most foreign to you in terms of perception functions? Also how is your relationship to the emotional mood of the room/people around you? Do you find yourself able to acknowledge the emotions/feelings of the people around you but not necessarily absorb them, or do you tend to naturally adjust to and pick up on the emotional cues people give off around you? Does the term "feeling independently" seem right to you at all in terms of how you deal with feelings/the feelings of others, or do you have a hard time separating your feelings from those around you?How on earth is ESTP the least likely out of those options -.- I just listened to an interview because I'm bored, but he seems like an SFP. Takes life super day by day and seems pretty humble and down to earth. Seems enneagram 9 too. From what he's saying in the interview, he really only started making music again to support his kid, not for his own fame/success. Pretty interesting guy.Thanks for taking the time to write all of this out! Pretty confident you are an FP type, I was between the IxFxs but ISFP/INFJ is super unlikely as is Fe with the way you deal with both your feelings and everyone else's, you seem to have Ne/Si and don't relate to Se at all... I would go with INFP. Super non-judgmental and relaxed perspective, IxxP temperament from what can be gathered from a post, inferior extraverted judging function sounds right (so Te in this case). You don't really focus much on yourself which was a bit confusing at first, but you should look into enneagram 9, which is also pretty common for INFPs. Got some weird almost 3 vibes at first but that could be explained by the 9. Fi can be pretty misunderstood, it gets a lot of weird associations with pushiness about ideals but strong Fi especially believes in "to each his own/live and let live" that sort of thing. 

Edit: Ah, reading through, you are a 9, yay. That makes a lot of sense. I would agree with /u/IWillTypeYou and say NFP. I suppose an enneagram 9 ENFP would be more tempered than your average ENFP so that can throw a wrench in it but I know an ESFP 9 and he still has that sort of aggressive sort of judgemental edge when it comes to opinions/beliefs and can be a loud mouth about it (something that happens pretty frequently with ExFP/IxTJ types) which I don't really see with you from your post. When you are stuck between two sister types (like NFP/NTJ etc) your best bet is to identify the inferior function, so either Si or Te in your case. &gt;Are INTJs nerds? geeks?

INTJs typically have nerdy interests, like being IT people and playing video games or whatever, but I don't think they are very nerdy in general, depending on how you mean it. They tend to reject overidentifying with labels/subcultures and give off really strong vibes of self confidence, like they give zero fucks what anyone else thinks. I've met INTJs who made things awkward with their loud mouths but none who were like shy and awkward people, if that makes sense. They're still introverts but gammas tend to really lack self consciousness (guess the lack of Si and Fe). 

&gt;What dom/aux pair can look like Ni? Si? Or do you think that it's only with J functions.

Hmm...I think Si/Fe can look like Fi; Si/Fe users, by their past experiences, often have very strong value opinions. Si is strongly intune to its own feelings/experiences after all. I can't really think of any other ones. Ni+Te or Fe users are so confident in their perceptions and can be pretty impatient/pushy because they're always jumping ahead so people often confuse NFJs with SFPs or NTJs with STPs....hence people believing dolandump2016 is ESTP over INFJ. But I don't think judging functions can really look like perception functions since perception is just perception, just have similar qualities. 

&gt;I guess the transforms would be based upon a purely behavioral and surface-level perspective. I think that could be a helpful tool maybe.

Oh I would love this too! There is definitely something to it and it can be done. Like Si creates a bit of hesitancy, Ni creates rush, etc...but I tend to rely on higher sensing types for this sort of stuff so. 😇What about INFJ doesn't sound like you? Seems most people are in agreement about xxFJ, but you also didn't really flesh out your responses that much so perhaps if you try and answer with a bit more depth it will be more helpful.Look, the perception of gammas as crazy arises from the fact that our perceptions aren't bogged down by millions of past experiences like Si and skewed by other people's feelings like Fe. Gamma types have the purest most authentic sense of self and give zero shits about what everyone else thinks. So naturally other types, sure, we might seem a bit off, but that's just because we are existing in both a realm of free self expression and pure untainted Se/Ni perception. Nothing prevents us from sharing What is True because we have Te AND Se.

Gammas give zero fucks as long as it's right. They don't need 8000 million examples/ explanations/hypotheticals to understand something, and they don't need anyone else's approval or validation. So the idea that gammas are "nutters"...is totally skewed by your own perception as someone who doesn't have any of the same functions as a gamma type. I would actually argue that gammas are perhaps the **most sane** quadra out of all of them, specifically because of their function stack.but actually though yeah gammas can be pretty nuts but isn't that what makes them so ~~caustic and rude~~ lovable? Having fun is so boring tbhGamma vibes--&gt; most correct

Beta vibes--&gt; most dramatic

Delta vibes--&gt; most crabby

Alpha vibes--&gt; most wrong

3**w4**, I hate myself based on my own standards, not everyone else's.Your results on the keys2cognition test are so even for every function, the responses aren't consistent or objectively honest enough to relay a good result. You shouldn't be scoring that equal in every function. With the cognitive functions and even your MBTI type/dichotomy test, the results should be thematically consistent and static if you are being honest with yourself. Every introvert has some extravert in them but they are *primarily* introverted, every thinking type has feelings and can be sensitive but they are primarily cold/removed in terms of day to day decision making, etc. You really have to be as general as possible when it comes to nailing down your type. It's really easy to overthink something like MBTI and the cognitive functions especially, but once you start over focusing on the specifics of your behavior and your perspective it can be easy to get lost in all of it. Seems like your most consistent types thus far have been NFP types, at least FPs. How strongly do you relate to introverted feeling?
Also if you want to try something different, you could give [this test](https://www.helloquizzy.com/tests/socionics-quadra-values-test) a shot. Again, try and be as objective and general when you answer the questions. Do you get bored having theoretical discussions that lead to nowhere and have very little real world application? Etc. if you aren't sure, just skip, and share the number value for each quadra after you take the test.You seem ISTP. I would take INTP off the table honestly. If ISTP doesn't sound right you could look at the other SP types (like SFP or ESTP) but ISTP is what I get from this. Ti-Se, no Ne or Si.Hmmm okay I see. Well INFJs can come off aggressive and even callous to other people,while SFJs tend to be a bit smoother around the edges and put more weight on their experiences over their perceptions. ESFJ or even ISFJ seems like a good fit for you. Some ISFJs can be mistaken for extroverts since they can be pretty socially focused and outgoing, despite being introverts primarily and needing substantial alone time. Extroverted feeling can do that to IxFJs.  If neither of the SFJs fit, you should look into ENFJ. Out of the 4 FJ types, INFJ and ESFJ have the least in common so if neither of those are right you should look at the two FJ types "between" them.

For descriptions to help you differentiate, you could check out these websites. I'll post ESFJ stuff for now but every website has a description for each type. [This is a pretty good ESFJ descriptions with some cognitive function jargon](http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2014/12/pierce-presents-esfj/)...otherwise it's pretty tough to find a good ESFJ description, [socionics has good SJ descriptions](http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/ESE-ESFj/), just be aware they use a different letter system, and you could look [here](https://www.16personalities.com/esfj-personality) for something general. Hope that helped!Awesome, glad I was helpful! The 3 vibe, it came primarily from your above post where you talked about your sensitivity to other people's perceptions. I think it is actually related to 9 as well; in socionics a healthy 9 often has qualities of a 3, and I see it in the 9s I know especially when they get out of a rut. They start wanting to do and accomplish big things, and give weight to their big ideas/goals and start ignoring that "I'm no one special" voice in their head. 9s can be and typically are pretty hard workers, they just don't have that ego attachment to success and failure that 3s do. Plus you mentioned your mom who gave you guidance with that which I'm sure helped. Your childhood experiences...could be Fi-Ne stuff, I think dreaming of success is a pretty normal and healthy thing. I'm not really huge on tritype, I see it as sort of a fun thing, not something to go crazy over, but the idea is that you have one enneagram type from each of the 3 centers (head, gut, and heart). So 9 is your main type but you might have a tritype of say, 935 or 936. Which could account for the bit of 3-ness in you. Or of course, you could just be a pretty healthy/well balanced person :)I can help with this! I have a pretty good ISFP friend. [I wrote about the differences here but I'll write some more stuff anyway.](https://www.reddit.com/r/intj/comments/4grq4j/for_anyone_who_knows_an_isfp_what_are_some_solid/d2koz8h)



I think INTJs and ISFPs look way different on the outside and you sort of have to dig to see the similarities. Thematically ISFPs and INTJs can be pretty similar, but the specifics and the way they project their work/visions into the real world tend to be pretty different. Both types tend to stand alone in favor of their vision even if they or their work isn't well received/is controversial, both types have a focus on authenticity, just in their own way. Both types are pretty oblivious to group opinion/influence (ESFP/ENTJ too) in their own respective realm. My ISFP friend will walk down a crowded street wearing 1920s fashion cuz that's just what he's feeling that day, act in sort of weird or impulsive ways despite a bunch of WTFs from people; I don't necessarily seek to externalize or live in action in that way, or in whatever way is true to who I am. I'll disagree about some theory/idea or interpretation with like 20 people though and not really care; probably the Se vs Te influence. 

Think David Bowie or Prince for ISFP, Ayn Rand or Christopher Hitchens for INTJ. ISFPs are more interested in aesthetics, authenticity, live and breathe in the beauty of the moment, more fluid in terms of how they live their life, they tend to reject structure and are a lot more relaxed in perspective. Both types can give off a bit of an icey vibe, both types tend to be loners. When I travel with my ISFP friend it's not unusual for us to each fuck off in different directions for a day or two so we can experience stuff alone. We also both have a tendency to get lost in our own little worlds and follow our own direction, even sort of tossing other people aside/forgetting about them in the process.

Inferior Se and inferior Te lend to different problems; I have a hard time just *doing the thing*, he has a hard time with structure.

tl;dr ISFPs toe the line between cool and weird, INTJs toe the line between insightful and delusional, ISFPs are doers, INTJs are thinkers, both types can be assholes.
In terms of in the moment let it go...IxxJ types. Pi-dom is the king of rumination. It will fixate on some idea, event, conversation, etc., and just analyze it, relate it to things, break it down, build it up,and try and understand it endlessly for hours. When I get caught up on a thing or idea my brain will just fixate and people will sometimes legit try and trick me with a different topic so I STFU about it.

In terms of interpersonal grudges...I dunno. I think this is probably enneagram related, but INxJs tend to either forget/ignore or completely ice the person out. No middle ground. I think I have a bigger problem with ignoring shit ("it's just a small little occurrence etc., who cares!") than holding grudges. Shitty behavior mostly just tells you who the person is, so if you are the kind of person who does x, y, and z things, the picture of you in the Ni-doms head will look like a person who does those things. INFJs will often ignore their own perspective in favor of the other person's, and then eventually get sick of it/ realize how unfairly they are being treated and ice the person out. ISxJs tend to hold onto specific events/occurrences and never, ever forget. I've gotten laundry lists of everything I've done wrong in the past however many months (or years...) from strong Si types. 

Edit: ah yes, in terms of visions/goals/ideas/perspectives...INTJs won't "let it go" unless they are flat on their face, even if like 10000 people warned them/told them to do otherwise. Probably the worst type in terms of listening tbh. Relentless.Yeah I'm with you on that. I can't think of a grudge I've held ever. Way easier and more painless to just cut the person out if they bother you.NJs and SPs do have a lot of similarities lurking beneath the surface. Both types really hate dwelling on the past and dont really strongly internalize negative experiences, plus Ni especially doesn't really value its own first person perspective. If someone fucked me over but I can understand *why* they did it or what was going through their mind, I end up over understanding and not caring so much about the actual events. 

Yeah I'm with you on the sleeping. I'm either furious or I don't care at all. Something can either be forgotten or it can't, and if it can't be forgotten, bye. No use in prolonging negative feelings, it's best to move on.

Trouble letting go...probably the types who let resentment build and put others before themselves a lot until a breaking point, so 2, 6, and 9. Least likely to hold a grudge, probably 3 and 7. They hate to dwell most of all.

&gt;All you IXXJs are crazy. Why can't y'all be more like us ESTPs?!

Maybe we think you ESTPs are crazy. Stop being so darn opportunistic and think about the larger picture pls.Really, really hard to tell from all of this, but he could perhaps be ESFP? Maybe look into it/read about the type a bit more and see if it fits better? A few of the things you've described sound a bit more SP-ish than NP-ish but again, it's hard to go off of just this.No problem! Honestly It can be pretty hard to type people until they hit about 17/18ish or so; I honestly find younger kids (like sub 12) easier to type than kids who are 12-16ish. For some reason the little 5 year old I worked with was an obvious Fe-Si user but the 13 year olds were like ??? Also it can be a bit tough to type people who are close to you, especially family who you've known your entire life. I *just* settled on my own brother's type recently and it took me over a year.I wrote about the differences [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/intj/comments/4grq4j/for_anyone_who_knows_an_isfp_what_are_some_solid/d2koz8h) and a little bit more [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4qopn0/tangibility_te_sise/d4veq84). They have thematic similarities but they act and orient themselves in very different ways. Think Lady Gaga vs say, Ayn Rand. Probably the aux Te and aux Se are the most obvious tells. I'm pretty hypersensitive in general, caffeine typically makes me more alert/energetic, probably a bit friendlier but I drink coffee every morning so it's a bit hard to tell. Any more than what I normally take gives me anxiety and the jitters. No caffeine past 2/3pm or I'm up all night.

Alcohol makes me more relaxed/friendly and gets me out of my head. Again, super hypersensitive so more than 3 drinks I'm hammered and out for the count the next day. Too much alcohol makes me silly and uncomfortable.

Otherwise I don't like any substances that have an affect on my mental state. Heheh just being honest. On a scale from Lady Gaga to Ayn Rand, I'm more crazy insenitive delusional author than cutting-edge visually expressive bizarre artist.I was pretty much the same in high school, acted like a 40-year old trapped in a high schooler's body. Mostly just did my own thing. Never got too attached to one group of people, tended to just find specific people I liked and hung out with them. My best friend was popular so I guess I was known by association. Used to hang out in the school's art room at lunch making horrible art so I didn't have to do the lunch room chit chat thing.  Had a lot of wanderlust so I was always trying to go to/see/explore new places, meet new people or just hang out somewhere new. I was mostly just focused on ~the next thing~ which was university in my case and trying not to die of boredom. Stereotype...uh, i dunno? I was on the debate team. Nope, now I'm a 45 year old divorcee trapped in the life and body of a 20 something. Life has weathered me. 

I thought high school was super boring, felt like a waste of time. I was so focused on the next thing that I probably didn't immerse myself in it as much as I should have. I doubt it was as horrible as I made it out to be. My life since then has been a lot better so. I hope high school remains the low point in terms of rest of life comparisons. :p

My best friend was ENFJ.  

&gt; I was the shitty non jock annoying ESTP kid. Super loud, can be obnoxious, fun person. Lazy under achiever.

Sooo you were basically my ESTP friend who I crushed on super hard in high school. I appreciate you replying anyway! :)

&gt; I think that the way I use Ni is that I oversimplify everything and do everything I can to minimize responsibilities and obligations so that I can live like a heathen all the time, which obviously comes with some problems as well. I often try to brute force my way through problems because I really don't want to plan things out too much and get stressed out.

heheheh this sounds like the way to do it. I want to live like a heathen!!! Except I probably couldn't even if I wanted to. Most problems really can just be brute forced though; they don't need to be obsessed over, which is sort of what Ni-doms end up doing. 

I think you're right, the Ni-dom over-complication/conceptualization is just a dead weight on things. It's just like, think about it this way, then this way, then mentally reangle it that way...and nothing ever ends up getting done. *Understanding* something isn't really always the best way to go about doing something. But I am working on simplifying when I need to and not overcomplicating. That's why I think SPs-NJs make such great pairs; some things just need to be handled in a basic ass brute force moment by moment way, other times problems need a deeper larger scale investigation of the issue because the consequences of certain moves are negative. I look where I'm going? Otherwise straight ahead probably. Tbh I'm in my head like 90% of the time and don't pay that much attention to my surroundings except for practical reasons(and sometimes I forget and almost walk with intention right into a busy street). I ignore the people around me or glare/smile at them if we accidentally make eye contact. I walk really fast like I know where I'm going even if I don't. I'm INTJ, if we're talking just casual flirting, definitely xxTPs, then xxFJs. I think Fe vs Fi has a lot to do with it, the Fe users can keep the vibe fun/light and casual. With xxFPs it usually ends up becoming less fun flirting and more...serious and emotionally intense? At least in my case, some bond usually forms there which is awesome, but it's not really casual flirting material. Whenever I meet some male xxFP we always just walk away having made really good friends or we have ~a love bond~, but casual flirting never happens for whatever reason. 

xxTJs are my least favorite to flirt with hands down(barring ENTJs, we have a good banter usually). It either goes completely over their head or they take it way too seriously and get all stalky or whatever. &gt;The way they explain it, ISTjs are these organized upstanding citizens and ENFJs are sort of chaotic loonies that want people to explain everything to them, but when you look at the MBTI ideas of how they are, the ISTP is the type that is disorganized and sort of dumb and the ENFJ are these charismatic superleaders with an intuitive understanding of things. 

Yeah man I would actually agree that the socionics ISTj description is probably the worst sensor description they have. The problems with the Ti description could be it. Also I think they conflate Se with other functions a lot, like the ESFp sounds almost like an ESTP or an ENTJ,super aggressive. 

&gt;What I'm trying to say is that I think that there's truth to both systems, but I'm trying to figure out how it really is. A bit of a tangent, but still

No it's cool, ramble away. I have similar issues with socionics. I think the sensor descriptions are good, and I think there is *some truth* to the more general things, like the quadras are interesting, and the intertype-relationships are interesting, but the major problem with it in my view is that it is way too specific and detailed, bordering on inflexible in some parts. That's what attracts people to it surely,it fills in so many lines, but at the end of the day, the more specific you get with something like typology, the less likely you are to see everything reflected as it is outlined in reality with actual people. It also seems like a lot of forced symmetry to me, it gives answers to things I don't think can necessarily be answered that predictably with that much symmetry, and it gives a lot of room for people to label reality based on the overall system (i.e, "I am an INTp, I have been in this amazing mutually fulfilling relationship for 5 years, that could only be one of duality, so my partner must be ESFp!") as opposed to just objectivity analyzing and categorizing what is there. Honestly I feel like socionics to a certain point is a lot of Si/Ti gone wrong. Just every.little.thing. Getting labeled, rated, evaluated, and categorized. 

Hey bby ;)Ha yeah you know I could see it with female ISTJs, one of my friends is ISTJ and she gets very sort of like...deer in the headlights, a teensy bit awkward and uncomfortable when people start flirting with her, it's pretty cute. I think IxTJ females in general have a default mode of communication that is like, information/factual/dry, so when someone starts responding to that with flirtation there's this mental moment of readjustment like,"ok, wtf is happening, why did he just respond to my factual statement with something coy?" When she gets more comfortable with someone she's really good at throwing back the sass/banter but there is definitely this,"what is happenninggg" phase. And they are wayyyy more tentative about everything than NTJs/ESTJs so it can take a bit longer to adjust. She keeps guys on ice forever. I would say definitely ExTJ, all of this:

&gt;I just get tired when people assume you have to have profound and complex thoughts about every walk of life. I don't have to analyze everything. Sometimes, things are what they are.

&gt;Whenever I start engaging in an activity, I find it difficult to continue engaging it unless I have at least a vague picture of myself in the future where I have accomplished it or the like. I always have a vision of what I want to be. I always set a goal.

And just the general vibe of your above post makes me lean ENTJ over ESTJ. Despite the "N", Ni-Se has a very condensing/black and white quality, especially with ENxJs, that whole "sometimes thing just are what they are, not everything is infinitely complex, we need to just move on to the next thing and get shit done" is a pretty common mentality. The singular focus and need of a direction/larger goal, particularly a general one, is more Ni-Se.
😞A bit late on the response but in terms of typing kids, the biggest thing to watch out for is separating qualities that are normal kid qualities and what are specific type indicator qualities, i.e, what is normal kid imagination and what is intuition, what is normal kid high energy and what is extraversion/Se, etc.? When you are exposed to a lot of kids it becomes easier to distill the differences, but in terms of your own kid...I honestly don't know. It can be hard to type people close to you in general (like parents/siblings) because you have such a nuanced and complex view of them, plus the subjective view of what you *want* them to be; I imagine with someone's own child there is even more room for that sort of bias. If I had a kid I'd probably want them to be some sort of NJ and might label them as that even if I'm just impressing my own thoughts onto them.

But anyway I'm kind of rambling, if I'm being more objective and talking about just kids in general, probably about 5/6 is when I feel like a kid's type/clear distinct personality starts to become more constant and obvious. Depends a lot on the kid and the environment though, and upbringing can be huge. ESTP or ISTP. That STP smirk.ISFPYou have a really warm/genuine looking smile, probably Ti-Fe axis but it doesn't look xxFJ,so some xxTP type. I can't decide between NTP or STP cuz you look sort of present so probably extraverted? ExTP?Honestly it's just a look I get, but there is something about Fi smiles that is a lot more tempered since they aren't so focused on constantly having emotional states externally expressed. Your eyes are also super present and focused which makes me think an SP type. To contrast, candid pictures of me my eyes still look out there and spacy.

Edit: Hmmm I dunno now I'm overthinking it. x_x My best guess is some SP type though. I could see ESTP or ISTP for you. Obviously typing by a random picture tough but strongest vibes are some SP type. ESFJ? Pretty sure xxFJ at least. ENTP it is :DI actually disagree with the above mentioned description of PoLR Ne. PoLR Ne and PoLR intuition in general has nothing to do with creativity. With ISxPs the PoLR Ne tends to result more in a "this one interpretation of things/this perspective on things is the one way/only perspective," literally just like preferring (you could say over preferring) one singular perspective on things over the multiple other interpretations and possibilities. It's just way overvaluing Ni (a singular perspective/deep nuanced way of looking at things) over the "all equally likely" multiple possibilities and interpretations of Ne.&gt; One thing I've noticed about myself is that I have a strong value for the overall vision. I prefer grandiose displays, and large, overarching, ever-present meaningfulness in everything.

yeah there you go, that's definitely Ni.

&gt;Too often I feel like I've seen intuitives attempt to become more tangibly-oriented. It makes me uncomfortable-- specifically with poor displays of Si--- whereas poor displays of Se are somewhat endearing. 

Yeah I've definitely heard this from sensors when I try and get all tangible-sensory, trying to be all fun and in the moment, trying to just do the thing, or even just trying to be really concrete black and white/what is there and what is not simple and objective. I feel like I'm just *~really doing it~*, and they're just like "yeah...okay..."-pat on the head- or even just straight up cringing at me. 

&gt;But when an Ne/Si types tries to get into it with their inferior/tert. Si it seems unnecessarily focused on the details. It seems to miss the real reality of the situation-- 

Yeah my experiences are similar with Ne/Si types, especially SJs. The baby Ne and lack of Ni is like "ugh, you're missing the point", from my perspective anyway. And I've heard NPs say something similar about SPs when they get all intuitive-y. There's just a strong feeling of, "ugh you're doing it wrong."&gt;Also, Ni/Se seems to be a lot more bearable than Ne/Si. I don't know why. It's like Ni/Se is cute, and intriguing where Ne/Si is stupid. That's just me generalizing my experience.

Yeah that would make sense from your end and I feel sort of similarly. I'm wondering if it has something to do with us being perception dominant types (Ni and Se), and therefore we are more harsh/less interested in the other perception functions (Ne/Si). So I wonder if say, IxFPs and ExTJs are less interested in Fe/Ti. 

&gt;Why is this the case? Why!!! How does it connect?!!?!?! What does this mean about the universe?

hehehe idk. I think we all like our own functions most of all and find the ones we don't have pointless, just because we naturally don't like those perspectives/ways of looking at things. Ne seems really pointless and overdone a lot of the time to me (yeah 99% of those things are never going to happen) and Si seems self indulgent, but I've definitely met NPs/SJs who think my perspective is totally myopic/simplistic or that I'm just a straight up loon. -shrug- I think all functions have their place and none are universally better or worse than the other, but the whole point of MBTI is that certain brains like certain ways of looking at things more than others. 

My flair, it's a long emotionally heart wrenching story. I need a new one though! I notice a big difference in the way the Ni/Se and Si/Ne emotes. Si/Ne tends to lead towards a softer look/softer facial expressions than Ni/Se. ENFJ vs ESFJ is a big one, ENFJs tend to have really expressive smilely mouths but their eyes don't smile along with them? The eyes look a bit..harsh almost, sort of like "i'm watching you/I know what you're doing". While ESFJs tend to smile with their whole face. ISFJs have a similar really genuine seeming smile, though I know a few ISFJs who tend to blank face instead of smiling. INFJs either look sort of shy/detached or like, really goofy, almost over expressive. Hmmm I dunno! I suppose it has a lot to do with suppression of those things that makes people cling to them. Like the INTJ 8s out there clinging to Te-Se. But I don't really think enneagram 3 is necessarily Fe though, as I do think it is pretty common with NTJs. Why? I don't know exactly. Gamma quadra seems very 3 to me. "any one person can do anything with effort"It's pretty tough but I can speak with someone who has dealt with ESTJs in positions of power, you sort of like have to be the bigger person and just give them what they want. In my experience with supervisor/supervisee, the supervisee can't quite give the supervisor "what they want", but it is usually pretty easy as the supervisor to figure out what the supervisee wants/expects from you. Supervising someone with Ni feels a lot like the person expects and wants a lot of really frivolous meaningless things, or everything gets filtered through a really personal lens when things aren't personal (i.e, "you didn't do things this specific way or you challenged me here not because my way was unnecessary/wrong or not the clearest straight shot way, but because you personally don't like me/respect me/etc."). You have to just like, give them what they want even if it seems unnecessary/meaningless.

So I had an ESTJ boss at my last job, he always had really specific and unnecessary/weird protocols that he wanted me to follow and go through that were so completely useless and a waste of my time, like chicken with head cut off sort of stuff. But I just did it anyway because he wanted it done that way. It paid off in the long term since I stayed on his good side, instead of trying to trim down all of the fat with Ni-Te and inevitably pissing him off. 

With an ESFJ...you can probably tell the sort of Fe stuff she wants from you and expects from you as a student. That probably includes deferring to her judgement/perspective and keeping the vibe of the classroom pleasant even if you think say, disagreeing with her or someone else doesn't necessarily constitute disrupting a peaceful environment. You kind of just have to suck it up and play by her rules, even if you think they are dumb. Yeah not gonna lie, 4 seems weird for ENTJ. 7 I guess isn't too crazy. Why not 8?

I guess I just can't imagine in terms of shame/fear/anger...ever caring that much about anger. I feel the least connected to that emotion out of the 3, and I can't imagine shifting my focus for that to be a priority/driving force. Its probably the last of my tritype then I suppose.Tert. Ni doesn't look that bad imo. When it comes to ISFPs I have a bit of a tough time seeing where the Fi begins/ends and Ni begins/ends, but it seems a bit more clear with ISTPs. I usually find ISxPs pretty insightful and captivating perspective wise tbh. It's honestly just like a lot simpler, more concrete/evidence based perspective on things than you see from an NJ. It usually doesn't go as broad as Ni-dom Ni, but to me it usually seems like...just broad enough. I've also noticed that ISxPs are pretty hesitant to share their Ni stuff, it takes a right place/right time/right conversation usually, or they have to be more comfortable with someone. They just don't throw it right out there like INxJs do.Hmmm, well if they all seem similar they are probably all the same type at least. Although ISxJs and INxJs do have similarities, Ni dom and Si dom are worlds apart. There is a huge convergence. Put an INTJ and an ISTJ together in a room and an ISFJ and an INFJ in a room, have them talk to each other, they will be quite different.

It's really hard to explain the differences through text, it gets into a lot of splitting hairs and I feel like it's so hard to convey things accurately. I just wanna *show it* argh! But I'll try anyway.

At it's most basic level, ISxJs are more careful and cautious than INxJs with their over-aching conclusions. ISxJs hate to just jump from A to D. If they're jumping from A to D, it's because they've collected lots of evidence to support that jump. Hence why INxJs seem more ISxP and ISxJs seem more INxP. 

That one over-aching deep nuanced perspective of things that ties everything together you talked about in your one post...that's just like, all Ni-doms focus on all the time. When an NJ seems over-confident, it's because they think they have stripped everything down to be simple and easy, "that one answer" that is all it takes to figure the thing out. When an SJ seems over-confident, it's because they think they know every specific little in and out of the thing. They value familiarity/experience. Ni doesn't really care so much about experience, same way Se doesn't. NJs get annoyed by Si the same way SJs get annoyed by Ni; they can appreciate each other in the right context, but it can be a lot of "why are you doing that?" 

[I really like the way ISFJ-INFJ was differentiated here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4kileu/there_are_20_infjs_and_20_isfjs_in_a_room_at/d3f6ols). 

Dunno if that's helpful. I honestly think if more people had a clear non-romanticized picture of what INxJs are like, there wouldn't be so many mistypes. Ni can be very...weird and impractical, especially as a dominant function. 

-----

Yeah IXXJs love EXXPs.Dunno why that dynamic is there, but it is. 

I do think Se-doms are the only like, pure in the moment listeners though. ISxPs too. NJs are reading between the lines and making leaps, NPs are generating a bunch of tangents, SJs, are filtering through their Si files for connections/similar experiences/etc. I do think xxFPs are good listeners, Fi does a really good job of like, *understanding*, but ya know, that's my tert-Fi speaking probably.People with dom/aux Ni don't need much data/experience to feel confident in their conclusions. The perspective is essentially, to understand something you really only need to get the "main idea," you don't need to know every tiny little piece of the puzzle to know what the puzzle is depicting. That applies to pretty much everything, even completely new situations/information/etc. I think it's common for that to get misconstrued as arrogance, especially for SJs who work the opposite way; acquire as much data/experience as possible, then build up to the big picture from there.  Ne users are also pretty good at coming up with the .00002% chance "what if" scenario that NJs completely dismiss/don't care about. *NJs typically form big wide reaching opinions/conclusions first, so yeah, that does look pretty big-headed.Overall human attraction, SPs. STPs and I have a nice little complimentary thing going on and I think the low Fe is cute and makes them pretty easy to understand. SFPs can be intimidating though, they always seem wayyyy too cool for me. ESFPs not as much, but ISFPs definitely. It's like they're everything I want to be but am not T__T. 

NFs I am probably most attracted to friendwise. ENFPs/INFJs and I develop a natural rapport so quickly it's sort of freaky. 1. INTJ
2. 3w4 so/sx
3. I relate a lot more strongly to Fi than I do to Se (unsurprisingly). I have a materialistic and status conscious streak, they're pretty tempered and you probably wouldn't assume so just by knowing me, but they have definitely gotten stronger as I've gotten older. Dunno if it's a good thing. My standards are impossibly high and very often conflict with reality, but I'm really working on trying to take things one day at a time. My sense of style has gotten A LOT better as I've gotten older, but I still don't really like very visually loud things. I'm still very, very much all or nothing with Se. I like to go out dancing until 5am and then not leave my apartment again for a month, but I can live without that. I'm still very easily overstimulated and prefer to live in my head 80% of the time. That's all just called being enneagram 3 though. It doesn't preclude being an NTJ at all or a type with Fi at all. There are many, many enneagram 3s with Fi and they all have the qualities you listened above. No this is actually really good, I really like this! I do think the best way to understand the perception/intuitive functions is by contrasting them with each other; i.e, while Si and Ni are total opposites, because they are both introverted perception, they have a lot of qualities in common. Both Ni and Si aim for depth and a degree of gradients and holistic perception, vs Ne and Se which are more "black and white" and therefore quicker. 

The need for comprehensiveness and depth that Ni has compared to Ne is important when you compare them. As an Ni user, I feel like Ne "hits all the points" but isn't necessarily so concerned with investigating them, tying them together, etc., while I want to take each of those points and go really deep into them. The speed aspect of it is important too. Just generally, Ni users want to spend more time on singular ideas as opposed to jumping around to a bunch of different ideas. "Brainstorming" and coming up with 80 billion different ideas is an Ne thing; taking one specific idea and fleshing it out into a particular vision is an Ni thing. When I talk to or listen to an Ne user, say on a video or whatever, I want to pause at each of their ideas and then go into it, "investigate it," while their brain is geared towards generating more novel connections.In the movies she's more of an ISTP, but in the books she's ISTJ. Could explain sort of the ISTJ-ish qualities/moments in the movies that aren't totally ISTP-ish. Probably 2. 1 to ignore it forever, and then another to be annoyed about it/point it out/push to get it done. All I can say is that in terms of people I know with ADHD diagnoses, it is primarily extraverted perception dominants (Ne or Se), and perceivers in general. &gt;What's it like being an Ni dom?

It's amazing!, I can move stuff with my mind, float above the ground, see winning lottery numbers in my dreams... lol jk, it's just normal.  

&gt;Aside from generalized descriptions of what being an Ni dom is like, what has your experience been in interactions with other Ni doms?

It's just really easy to understand each other when we communicate ideas. Interpersonal communication is another story, but when we are talking about some issue/concept/event/idea, we seem to value the same type of discussion and focus on things in a similar way, even if we are focusing on different things, if that makes sense. It's also easy to understand each other despite the constant generalities, because the goal is just understanding the point *behind* the thing, not the thing itself. It's a lot of just talking about the things we 'see', and then adding each other's perspectives to our own independent visions (if we aren't arguing of course :p). 

I've had a few good relationships with other Ni-doms, the best ones being friendships or mentors. My college professor and mentor was INFJ, and I'm sure us both 'seeing' things in a similar way had a lot to do with why we got along so well and why he was able to really help me out in the areas I needed it. 

But because of the Ni-tendency to be sort of head up the ass about one's own interpretation of things, the tendency to take A LOT of mental leaps and bounds which leaves a lot of room for unknown miscommunication, and the super 'the past is in the past fuck all of this' purging, I would be dishonest if I didn't admit that it usually doesn't last. While a 'connection' with another Ni-dom is nice, Most of my relationships with the other INxJs I've come across have ended because of a lack of proper communication about needs/problems/expectations and/or ignoring that communication when it gets brought up.&gt;Well that makes me sad. Why ignore these things?

I'm sure it's not on purpose, it's just something that happens. In my experience (both as the person cutting the Ni-dom out and the Ni-dom getting cut out), the INFJs suck at communicating their needs/problems/etc., the other person doesn't pick up on it, and the INFJ just let it keep grating until it boils over and they just cut the person out, and with INTJs, the INTJs don't listen and even if they have been told, they'll likely ignore it, think they know better, or keep pushing their idea/understanding of things over what the other person expressed. 

If an INTJ tells you,"hey, this is what I need from you" and you choose to ignore it/don't listen/don't respect it, they won't see a point in continuing to waste their time and will likely just ghost.

Maturity is obviously huge here, I think it's a lesson INxJs need to learn, or even a phase, but I don't really have this problem with Ni-doms over the age of say, 28. Those relationships are still fine. It's the ones that happened either when I was younger (sub 18) or with other INxJs in their early 20s that it sort of ended in failure. Uhm, it's really hard to say and it depends a lot on the person and what happened. Some people, the mistakes they made/problem we were having was something that didn't really color my view of them as a person. It was either a bad judgement call, they were in a bad place, or something like that. And you know, one-time things or stuff like that, "the past is in the past" comes in handy because well, I believe that people can change and that people learn from things and if they seem better, what do I care what happened a year ago/two years ago/etc.? I don't think about the past enough so it's easy to forgive.

But some things, mostly thematic things or major betrayals, things that demonstrate what kind of person a person is and I don't like what I see...I have ZERO desire to go back or to give those people another chance. I'm just 110% over it and not interested. A giant wall forms between that person and I and if it's too much work for me to never see them again, I'll just be obviously removed/uninterested in them. 

In my experience with the INFJs I know, it's the same exact thing. "The past is in the past" means either it's in the past and I don't care and we're still cool, or you're in my past and I don't want to waste my time with you any longer. It's not necessarily a grudge, it's just like "I don't like you as a person, I'm no longer interested in this relationship." 

Dunno if that helps.A few months ago I did some serial killer research and typed them for funsies, this is what I've got:

Ted Bundy- ESTP

Jeffrey Dahmer- ISxJ, leaning ISTJ

John Wayne Gacy- ISTJ

Richard Ramirez- ISTP 

Ed Gein- ISTJ

Charles Manson-ENFPAfter watching some interviews just for the hell of it, ESTP. I know nothing about him or his books and had never heard of him before. My immediate recall is my impressions/my points/my conclusions/understandings of whatever it is I'm remembering. I'll remember more of what I was thinking at the time than an objective recollection of events/facts/etc. Obviously I can do that, but it's not the first thing that comes to mind and it probably lacks a lot of detail and isn't totally objective :p. My 'objective external observation' function is inferior after all. Now that I think about it, that is probably verrrry annoying for people.

I think it makes sense because you only remember what you pay attention to. I'm constantly trying to draw some comprehensive conclusion from things, so that's the first thing that comes to mind. 

My visual memory is so horrifyingly terrible.  Love this, seriously a great post. The SP stuff especially is spot on, at least from an outsider's perspective. It really shows how the perception functions operate and work with/influence each other.

I've been thinking a lot about enneagram recently and I think this:

&gt;an extreme devaluing SP a lack of Ni lends them to aimlessness. Without a vision of what might be they get stuck in the present. Se users become impulsive and short-sighted. Everything that is learned from the interactions with the world around them has a lack of meaning.

&gt;Ni in a balanced SP is shown by developing goals and piecing together what they learn in their environmental actions into a larger worldview. They are able to connect their experiences together and form patterns from it.

Speaks a lot to how enneagram 9 and SP correlate (except ESTPs for whatever reason, haven't really seen any ESTP 9s).Oh oops, if it wasn't clear I was referring to *myself* as the outsider's perspective, observing the SPs in my life.  Discussions of how Ni manifests itself in SPs don't get fleshed out all that often in an in-depth or accurate way. Reminds me of a post /u/ExplicitInformant made a while ago about how out of all of the articles on celebritytype's, there were only 4 for STPs while there were 50 for NTJs. SPs tend to get oversimplified or have a reputation for just being wildly unpredictable (and some SPs like to hold themselves out that way). But I see the same exact trends you mentioned in every SP I know, down to the superstition. So it was exciting to see :D

&gt;I listed traditions because Si traditions are more routine activities done to comfort the individual. They may not be long standing at all and some may reject societal traditions. People get confused with the traditions and think they are conservative or old fashioned but SJs can be very progressive and reject common values

For sure. That's why certain MBTI buzzwords can be tough sometimes, because unfortunately tradition *does* have that connotation. Sort of like the "unconscious" discussion in this thread. Ruth Bader Ginsburg is almost certainly ISTJ and she's an incredibly progressive/liberal figure.  

&gt;Some people like to take pride in their tertiary use but I find when you do so you betray the core of yourself.

yesss. Maintaining a balanced perspective is tough. I think IxxJs tend have a pretty hard time with over-identifying with the tertiary, since its the introverted judging function so it feels a lot like "your true self;" at least, that's what myself and the other IxxJs I know have said. But I've definitely gone through experiences or periods of my life where I was over-relying on Fi in a way that resulted in outcomes that weren't what I wanted. I would go with ISTP, probably enneagram 9. Definitely ISxP, what makes me lean ISTP over ISFP beyond just the fact that you seem to write/express yourself like a Ti-dom over an Fi-dom is some inferior Fe stuff: 

&gt;when i was younger i said exactly what was on my mind until i made someone cry and since then i've been more careful with what i say

&gt;about that, i can be pretty self-consious, mostly about my appearance and the way i act around people, like 'can i do that around them or will they think i'm a goof' and 'hey this hairstyle looks cool but i don't know if it'll fit me or i'll look stupid i don't wanna be seen if it's stupid' 'this looks cool buy maybe people around me will think it doesn't fit my personality or something'


Feelers typically have MUCH better emotional control than thinkers. Everyone has emotions, everyone deals with them, everyone gets overwhelmed by them. The people who I have seen THE WORST emotional, irrational, childish melt-downs from have been thinking types. Feelers are used to dealing with/recognizing and handling their emotions or other people's, not overriding them or ignoring them. Disagreeing isn't being an ass. But I'm referring to specific instances of behavior, not individuals as a whole. So examples, I've seen STPs get upset/frustrated about something with their girlfriends and instead of just processing it and dealing with it they throw a bunch of shit, yell and act like crazy people. 99% of the time they are chill, collected, and rational. I wouldn't call those people *overall* irrational or childish, just in situations that require personal emotional self-awareness/depth and maturity, they don't handle it well. Same with IxTJs who get supppper sensitive when you hit the Fi-button. 

Irrational and childish PEOPLE...that's not something I'm prepared to split into types. It's a different conversation and over-associating that with one type is asking for a bunch of mistypes (so 'I cant be a feeler because I'm rational' / 'I can't be an SJ because I don't like tradition or authority'), typism, circlejerking and the like. A lot of NPs have a childish vibe, it's not exclusive just to the feelers, and rationality is pretty subjective depending on whether or not you think the decisions people make are logical (which is subjective).Can you give me some examples? Yeah I was going to say ExFPs probably take the cake for that in terms of FPs. I've known two IxFPs pretty well for the past 4 years and I've never seen them react that way. Sure I have seen them SUPER upset and beat down about things, but they usually just focus it all on themselves.

I also think enneagram can play a huge role here. My brother is ESFP enneagram 9w8, I've known my entire life and I don't think I've actually seen him REALLY angry. Kanye on the other hand...phew.  

&gt;I associate ENFPs with intense explosive anger/ yelling despite them being characterized as being goofy/ lovey dovey. It's their one biggest stand-out negative. They will destroy everyone around them essentially, pinning blame, pointing out negatives.

Definitely would not disagree with this behavior in ENFPs. The funny thing is, I've actually seen ESTJs act this way too. 

I would say that Se probably leads to the most active, visible meltdowns. Se likes to create an impact on its environment, emotional included. Even when I get pushed to the emotional brink, like I'm just being instigated and I'm getting really upset...I just wanna DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. Like throw a thing. I don't usually do it, but i wanna :D

While introverted feeling IS introverted; people seem to just associate introverted feeling with any sort of emotion that seems unfounded and irrational, especially types who don't have it (not you, larger theme of MBTI communities). A huge part of Fi is a shutting down, dissecting, categorizing, systematizing and figuring out your own (and other's) reactions to things.It's like Ti in that way.
 It's not "these are my feelings which make no sense and I'm going to make a big deal out of them because I'm selfish."


ESTPs also act like huge babies when they have meltdowns too. I picture stereotypical jock-bro ESTP making a huge scene fighting with his girlfriend, screaming and knocking shit over, and then 5 minutes later being like "baby please come back I need you." Fe does seem to need to display its frustration in some way to "let it out." 

&gt;Fun fact on the other hand, INTPs seem to have the least destructive meltdowns.

Yeah I can't say I have ever, EVER seen an NTP even remotely angry, or even have an extreme reaction to anything really. I would put them at the bottom of the list. I think something about the function stack being primarily detached (Ti dom and Ne dom) and Si makes Fe a bit "softer," like they don't feel like they need or want this huge external emotional impact when they're talking about their feelings. Hmm well, he doesn't sound like an ISTP. He sounds intuitive. I would go with an INxx type, some of it seems INTJ-ish even, others could be INxP.Not that important? I don't even know what authenticity is supposed to mean, it's not something I ever think about. Consistency at a larger scale is admirable, honesty to people close to you is important. Obsessing over whether or not certain innocuous behaviors or things are really "you" seems like a huge waste of time and pretty inefficient. In my experience INFJs tend to most frequently mistype as INTJ or INTP. I try and be organized and consistent but I misplace things pretty frequently. Also I don't trust my memory so if I put something important somewhere I have to check it like 3 times just to make sure it's actually there. The more often I use a thing the more likely i am to misplace it, so keys/wallet/phone/shoes, always leave them in random places. ^ This. INTJs also.I like really talkative people, they do all the work for you. I'd much rather be around an excessively talkative person in an interpersonal setting that a non-talkative person tbh (as long as they aren't asking me a million questions about myself.) I really hate having to be the one to instigate conversations and keep them flowing, it takes a lot of effort and I'd much rather just listen. Last time I was at a social/networking type event I could NOT get the person sitting next to me to talk to me and it really annoyed me. It's one of the reasons I love ENxPs so much, being Ne-dom is just like having a constant conversation generator. ISFJs also, even though they're introverts I know a lot of ISFJs who are realllly chatty (my ISFJ friend in high school would end up trapping me in her car before dropping me off to talk to me for HOURS about something) and I like that about them. So yeah, excessively chatty people are just fine with me. [I did one for almost every type a while back, here is the OP](https://www.reddit.com/r/MBTIPlus/comments/3xlm9u/post_a_picture_for_each_type/cy5pm2l)

But here they are again :D 

[ENFP](http://thesinner.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/tinder-profile-taco-duck-elite-daily.jpg)

[INFP](http://imgur.com/jWGh36d)

[ESFP](http://imgur.com/NVGRMMF)

[ESTP](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/3d/7e/61/3d7e616425e23b881c097f7e16180ae0.jpg)

[ISTP](https://i.imgur.com/3i8yce1.jpg)

[INTP](http://i.imgur.com/82cRCgO.png)

[ISFJ](http://i.imgur.com/p5Wa2WO.jpg)

[ESTJ](http://i.imgur.com/omHIlcv.png)

[ISTJ](http://40.media.tumblr.com/df77ad22721a9fd87d2553e02783f4f9/tumblr_mnmn5ivzW81qckp4qo1_1280.png)

[INFJ](http://starecat.com/content/wp-content/uploads/tell-me-what-hurts-my-feelings-i-dont-understand-no-one-ever-does-paramedic-footballer.jpg)

[ENFJ](http://i.imgur.com/cGXltuV.png)

[ENTJ](https://imgur.com/6Zs7Eae)

[INTJ](http://i.imgur.com/LvC5kzA.png)Sorry, evidently I spent an embarrassingly long amount of time on this and I couldn't waste a moment more of my life looking for pictures for the other 3 types. Am now accepting submissions for ENTP, ISFP, and ESFJ :DI came in here expecting to see a Bowe Bergdahl INxJ typing,which is  no, just no. No. No. Thank you SO MUCH FOR THIS. &lt;3

Anyway, I stopped listening a few episodes in, but he's a great poster boy for 6w5, which explains his absurd and often unnecessary anti-authoritarian stances, and his constant me vs. them attitude. Often STJ 6s have issues with other STJ 6s most of all, (or even just STJs tend to have issues with other STJs whose Si-Te maps out differently than theirs), so him having issues with the military structure and hierarchy doesn't preclude STJ IMO.

I'm pretty sold on him being an ISxJ but my vote is ISTJ for him. Doesn't seem to have Fe at all. Yep, it's A for low neuroticism, T for high neuroticism essentially. I also now have the cancer. For sure. I notice this with celebrities a lot too, people in the public eye who you really only get an outside look of them as a person. It's so easy to mistype people with these patterns. 

A really good one here is George Clooney, he always gets typed as ENTJ but after watching a few interviews with him, he DEF has Fe; he's a well put-together ESTP (ESTPs in suits 9/10 times get mistyped as ENTJ.) For contrast, his wife Amal (a good contrast to see the difference between the two types) is actually an ENTJ. &gt;  but friendships are hard because we almost universally have horribly awkward chemistry

Oh man this is soooo true with ENTPs and I. We click really well intellectually and love talking to each other but there is just something weird going on there. Even my ENTP female friend, I've known her for like 10 years and there's still something just a bit...off in terms of chemistry. It's probably exacerbated by the fact that she's super quirky and weird and I'm pretty serious and a fun killer, but I don't feel like that with my ENFP or ESTP friends at all. Not to mention that THE MOST awkward cringe-y romantic moments of my life have been with ENTPs (yes, shocking that an INTJ and an ENTP would have awkward romantic chemistry). I guess the opposite function orientation creates both attraction and disconnect.YES, I absolutely agree with Stephen Colbert as ESTJ, that's another typing I've discussed with people and had in the back of my mind. It's good to see someone else came to that conclusion/sees it as well. 

Along the same vein, Tina Fey gets typed as INTP but I get strong Te and Fe-PoLR vibes from her; I suspect she's ISTJ. Same with Amy Poehler, she is always typed as ENxP but after watching a few interviews, I'm sold on ESFJ. It makes sense that in comedy especially people try and sell themselves as a more Ne-heavy version of themselves, although I suspect the "all comedians are NPs and SJs can't be funny" bias has a lot to do with it. 

This is not along the same vein at all but it's a difficult person to type with a lot of competing answers and I'm curious what you think; what type do you think Barack Obama is?  He's tough to type beyond the fact that he is a huge public figure because it's hard to find a candid interview of him, but I did find [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnW3xkHxIEQ), probably the most candid not trying to be super professional one I've seen. I got 20. Not quite sure how or why having high self-sufficiency connects to narcissism but w/e. Yeah I was actually just thinking about it, I think it has something to do with the implicit narcissism in thinking you can do everything for yourself on your own, not asking for help because you can do everything alone, etc. I just went through some of your comments. Definitely Ti-Fe user, not Ti-dom (Ti-doms have the most obvious and specific writing style, plus your Fe seems too high to be inferior). You really don't seem Fe-dom either, and you stated multiple times that you're an extravert and I'm inclined to believe it, so ExTP. Nothing I read or saw suggested ESTP over ENTP and a few of your comments seemed pretty Ne-Si heavy, plus just a general communication vibe...ENTP seems correct. My second best guess is ESTP. If you're unsure about ENTP you could look into ESTP, but ENTP doesn't seem obviously wrong or anything.Sure! So Ti-doms typically have a very dry, purpose-geared manner of communicating information. It's robotic. That's not a criticism, just an observation. Unless they're being intentionally aggressive (commonly ISTPs) or goofy (commonly INTPs), their comments are pretty much just all information. They say exactly what they mean to say, nothing more or less. A lot of ISTPs barely contribute more than a sentence or two at a time. There is also evidence of strong mental organization with Ti-doms that perception-doms lack. No sentences that go on rambling forever (very common in perception dominant types). 

To get an idea of an INTPs writing style, check out some of /u/jermofo 's comments, [here is one](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/550hca/which_2_types_would_you_say_are_the_most_similar/d87wa9l?context=3). There is just such a clear mental organization going on, not a single superfluous word. Also, very few commas. For contrast, I tend to write long rambly sentences with a lot of commas.  

Anyway, you don't have that robotic style at all, and a lot of your contributions are open-ended or suggestive which is indicative of Ne. Your first instinct seems to be to hear more perspectives rather than force your own, which points away from a TJ or FJ, as well as towards a perceiving dominant type, also more of an Ne thing. You're more candid when you talk about yourself, for some reason talking about oneself seems to make IxTPs uncomfortable. You also mentioned in one of your comments (don't feel like digging for it) that you really like buying personalized gifts for your friends and loved ones, which again seems pretty indicative of higher than inferior Fe. I can only speak for the IxTPs I know, but demonstrating affection to people, friends and family included, seems to be a common point of stress for people with inferior Fe, while ExTPs are more comfortable with stuff like that. 

Oops that got a bit long. Hope it helped you out though :DWell Ne users are by default more open to other possibilities, instead  of moving towards one possibility/one understanding/one outcome (Ni-Se), they perceive multiple. I've never heard that about Ti/Fe and Te/Fi, Fe forms hard and fast right and wrong conclusions just like Te does, it's just about different things. So in terms of an argument over say, a fact or a definition or something, sure, Te users will most likely be black and white about it while it might seem more gradated and subjective a Ti-Fe user, while Fe users might judge certain behaviors as rude/disrespectful while Fi-Te users might perceive the same situation with more subjectivity and shades of grey. Ok you have been creeped on. Looks like you went between INTP, INTJ, now ISTP...have you ever considered ISTJ? Nothing overwhelming made me think ISTJ. I would say definitely an IxTx type but none of the 4 jumped out to me super strongly. I read [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/3nbfm8/id_like_some_help_determining_my_type/) that you posted a while back, and from that I got Te-Fi and Si-Ne.  If you're curious:


&gt;Aux Te-Tert Fi: I enjoy creating structure in my environment, but I'm not at all a leader. I could structure a company behind the scenes, and in some ways I do as I am the lead web developer in my company. I've changed how some things work. I pick my battles though. I will only propose changes to the person I know can enforce the change. I won't suggest my ideas unless I know they will be accepted, and I will not assert my opinion unless I need to. I'm conscious of how people will react to certain things, and I'd rather not deal with it. I have strong values. I can be deeply emotional, but I keep that private, and most don't know about that side of me.

Agree with you 100% that this is Te-Fi, IxTJ especially. Plus the way you explained your emotions and values isn't all that consistent with IxTPs and is far more consistent with IxTJs.

&gt;Aux Ne-Tert Si: I make abstract connections to things. I'm good at brainstorming ideas to push things forward. I have a tendency to procrastinate because I'll keep finding other things to interest me instead of doing what I'm supposed to. I notice when things aren't the same as they usually are. I will occasionally reminisce about past experiences, though they don't play a part in my decision making. I prefer to eat at places I've already been, or rewatch a favorite movie instead of a new one. (Though for the food, I'm usually in the mood for the food that they make, and for movies, I've been disappointed with many that have come out recently.)

I agree that this is Ne-Si, but I think it could just as much be stronger Si, especially Si-doms; ESxJs tend to be a lot less of the procrastinating type while IxxJs are perception dominant, both INXJs and ISXJs have a go with the flow quality to them. 

And finally you recently stated you internalized the mood of your surroundings...that gets attributed to Fe a lot but it's also a quality of Si (introverted sensing, makes sense). 

Doesn't really completely rule out IxTP but I think ISTJ is a possibility. Okay I'm gonna say not INFP.

After reading [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5384hk/ive_been_told_i_might_be_an_infp_in_a_display_of/), my vote is ISTJ. Enneagram 5w6 if you'e confident of 5. INFP seems like a good fit for you. The only other suggestion I would have is ISFP but you seem to use Si so yeah, INFP is my vote.You don't really need permission as I'd be curious to hear either way, but if anyone has any thoughts, go for it. I totally see where you're coming from, but just some food for thought about NFJ enneagram 1s:

&gt; argumentative, abrasive, and hard-edged 

I've come to the conclusion that my sister is INFJ 1 and when she is arguing about something, especially something she's passionate about, she doesn't display any Fe to the person she's arguing with. Hell, she can be meaner and more aggressive than I am. Typically the things she's arguing about are Fe things, arguing on behalf of someone or some larger right/wrong schema. Another NFJ 1 who comes to mind who is angry and aggressive as hell is Tupac. 

It's a bit hard to say when all you see are online interactions. The majority of the time my sister is Fe as fuck (as with Tupac), but when something hits a "button," that enneagram 1 rage comes out. Yeah you posted it SOOOO long ago that I debated even bringing it up but I was like what the hell, it's all I've really got. 

Hmmm with your adjustments, I would comfortably say ISTx. The ISTx types can look pretty similar on the surface; if you're a Parks and Recs fan, Ron Swanson always gets typed as ISTP for whatever reason but he's ISTJ. Externally especially, the types look REALLY similar, even though the functions are completely different. &gt;So do you see /u/HORHELAMANDA [+25] 's edge having content consistent with:
Fe things, arguing on behalf of someone or some larger right/wrong schema
(I haven't tracked the content, only the flavor in that case)

I can't really comment on that, he clearly gets very annoyed at certain things that aren't as morally clear-cut as the stuff my sister (animal rights) and Tupac (racism), but I would guess that he has *some* consistent idea of right and wrong that when people breach causes him to get upset. My sister doesn't curse at people though :p

And yeah, she agrees with it.  Yeah you know I'm not sure about the like, deeper internal motivations for that. But I will say that in my non-comment interactions he seems Fe heavy, actually caring and empathetic. Not that IxTPs can't be, but it's an obvious quality and seems to be a natural and nuanced thing for him, unlike IxTPs where you really have to dig that side out of them or catch them in specific moments. *[I would hate to destroy someone's internet persona and I could be tempted to delete this comment for a small fee.]*

&gt;I really need to be using my mind for something other than a stressful personal challenge today, and this is very interesting and I hope my participation is useful given my selfish motivation.

Uh oh. Well I'm using this for procrastination so hopefully it will benefit all of us :DI don't actually think you have an online persona, not a contrived and intentional one anyway. 

&gt; the more people focus on themselves and their own growth rather than whatever someone else thinks the better off everyone is.

🙌  I like to think that's the reason most people partake in this sort of stuff anyway, to develop some sort of self-awareness and better themselves. Oh yeah for sure, all of the above. I think another huge part of it (which ties into the 2nd) is an easy way to gain a sense of superiority over others, MBTI provides a great language and platform for that. I try to give people the benefit of the doubt though, unless I see something that suggests otherwise (doesn't usually take much) I assume people have good intentions, because otherwise there isn't really a point in discussing any of it, at least for me anyway. It loses a lot of the fun and becomes irritating. I didn't comment anything before because I wasn't sure. I read through a lot of your comments because you started the thread and expressed doubt in your type, but I honestly can't give you move than IxFJ. Some of the things you've said could really go either way; maybe they seemed like ISFJ things but I've also heard INFJs say similar things, etc. Some ISFJs have very distinct writing styles, almost INTP esq., where they include a lot of detail and elaborate a lot in their comments; you don't do that, or at least, I haven't seen that from you. Some people are really obvious, one way or the other, others are tricky. 

What makes you doubt either Ni-dom or Si-dom?Uhm I don't see that you have a flair which indicates that you are an intuitive so please refrain from responding to my comments ever again, thanks.Wow, thank you! I feel like I get a bit rambly sometimes, or I go off on tangents that seem a bit disjointed. That's a huge compliment. Firstly, thanks a lot for writing that out. After reading through it, I really do think INFJ is a good fit for you. Do you mind providing a ballpark range of how old you are? Also, do you have any idea what your enneagram type is by any chance? &gt;1w2 however, nope, definitely 1w9.

No, stop, what? Are you joking?! You are 1w2. Have you read Riso &amp; Hudson's 1w9 and 1w2 descriptions? I just glanced through them again for argument's sake and while sure, some of the 1w9 stuff sounds like you, a lot of it is off while the 1w2 stuff is really on point. 

Some stuff that is particularly you-ish: 

Just an excerpt:

&gt;“Ones are rational and impersonal, while Twos are emotional and involved with people. Although One is the basic personality type, there is a noticeable degree of warmth as well as an interpersonal focus in people of this subtype, compensating for the One's emotional control. The Two-wing also makes them more fiery and action-oriented than Ones with a Nine-wing. Ones with a Two-wing want to roll up their sleeves and get involved, whereas the other subtype tends to have more of an "ivory tower" quality.”

&gt;“Average people of this subtype are well-intentioned and seek to educate others, both from a feeling of idealistic obligation and a desire to exert a personal influence over them. They are convinced not only that they are right, but that they are well-meaning”

That last part suits you well I think. 
Okay that makes a lot of sense. I have a little sister who is INFJ and also your age, she has a lot of anxiety about properly expressing herself. It was way worse when she was younger but it's been a constant theme throughout her life and it seems to be a point of anxiety for you as well. I've known some older INFJs and they seem to care a lot less or have gotten over that hurdle, like if you told me you were 30 or something I might be like "ehhhh," but it seems pretty consistent with INFJs in your age range especially. 

&gt;Can I ask why you decided on INFJ? 

Honestly it was a lot of things beyond just a holistic vibe, but I can go through a few:

Firstly, a lot of you judgments about sensory things are very black and white. "this is ugly" or "this is boring." I'm sure Si-doms have similar thoughts, but Si-doms tend to perceive a lot more depth and personal meaning in certain sensory experiences especially, and I would've expected a bit of a more sensory evaluation from things from an Si-dom beyond simply a few remote things that you don't like. 

No evidence of inferior Ne really. 

&gt;When I'm in an argument with someone I get displeased because it feels pointless. I basically turn it into a we both have taken a stance that both obviously have merit and have always existed. Neither one is right/wrong. Turn it into a more philosophical question that poses to ask what is right rather than which side or I focus on how we can actually utilize these two sides for something more purposeful

This is a verrrrry Ni-dom stance.

&gt;When constructing posts like this my mind is flooded with very many different directions to take and contradictions in what I'm saying. It's hard to formulate my thoughts. Not sure if this is me being indecisive/lacking a vision (Ne) or just having a hard time describing inner thoughts (commonly related to Ni).

Yes, I think this is an Ni-dom thing, but I also think it can be worse for INFJs because INFJs don't have Te and thus have a more difficult time externalizing their thoughts. 


I would guess for your enneagram, either 9, 6, or maaaaybe a 1. I asked because 9s are pretty tough to type since they're way more comfortable spending time focusing on others than focusing on themselves. 
Yeah but you spend time arguing with people and conversing with them. You spend time trying to make sure they *get it*. I don't think 1w2 necessarily has to be about making positive or obvious connections with people, just a focus that change comes from people themselves and thus those are the people you have to change/convince. Seems you are driven by an inherent desire to help people, and while 1w9s might say the same they aren't quite as active about it communication wise. Plus you're just not nearly as cold and removed as the 1w9 descriptions paint them as, I think it's more of an IxTJ type. Whoa that is really interesting! You know I've never had that suggested before and I've honestly never given it much consideration. 

Let's see, the big differences between INTPs and myself that I've noticed (beyond the functional differences)...probably that I'm not really interested in knowledge for knowledge's sake, and I favor speed over accuracy. I'm much more interested in concrete, practical real world things; my fallback tends to be lazy overarching generalities rather than rigorous intellectual consistences. I tend to favor the most right answer over analyzing all of the other ones, and I have a pretty pronounced shallow and materialistic streak which I don't know if I've ever heard from an INTP (ISTP maybe). 

Finally, I connect pretty strongly to Fi; I like to think of the "Do you feel independently/think correctly or think independently/feel correctly?" comment and I relate a lot more to the first one. I can't even conceieve of a "correct" feeling tbh. No I really appreciate it, I want to make sure I've properly evaluated myself. If I haven't, I'm not being consistent and I'm also doing myself and others a huge disfavor. People usually suggest another gamma type or TJ type, I've gotten ENTJ suggested a few times and even xSFP, so I've given those types a lot of thought, but I never thought about INTP before. I'm pretty happy about the suggestion actually, I've been trying to be more thorough and logically consistent in my writing i.e, not make so many mental leaps that aren't unsupported, be more open-minded and also to be less argumentative, so to get INTP from my writing is a huge compliment. :DI'm surprised that you say you don't have an urge to help people. Everything you've stated about your justifications for being a 1 point towards a desire to help people. I don't think wanting to help people needs to mean ~help~ in the sense of helping someone carry their groceries across the street or whatever. Maybe in someone else's mind, you're being more helpful by letting them do it themselves. 

&gt;I don't have an emotional attachment to any issue like you described your sister has, I don't have a cause in that way, I don't see the point in having a cause that way. There is no one issue or thing that will get me worked up, there are only annoyances.

Yeah I thought about that, you don't really have a strong specific area of passion which seems to be more common with 1w2s for whatever reason as opposed to a more general schema of how people should be which seems to be more 1w9ish I guess, but I haven't seen anything besides my anecdotal trend of like 3 people which indicates that 1w2s all have specific humanistic causes and the 1w9s don't. 

Well I don't think 1w9s have to be *completely* cold and removed, but a degree of those qualities seem to be pretty consistent with the type. As with the element of passivity that comes with the w9, I don't really see it. 

&gt;How exactly do you think a 1w9 sx would manifest anyhow? If 1w9s have to be completely cold and removed then do you think all 1 Sxs are 1w2 or what?

The instincts, I'm really hesitant to even refer to them unless someone's core type is correct. I don't see the value in using instinctual variants combined with the core type in order to determine or justify someone's type. If something seems off about 1w9, the fact that you are sx doesn't suffice to fill in the gaps. The variants often get used to round out typings that don't stand on their own, which is my biggest issue with them. The instinctual variant + enneagram type descriptions often lack the required depth to reach in order to properly identify someone's core enneagram type. You shouldn't need to be an sx 6 to be a 6 or be able to relate to 6, for example. Enneagram is difficult enough to pinpoint on its own, using the variants in addition to that overcomplicates and causes a lot of mistypes IMO.

It's not that I think the variants are useless, but just that they are better used after someone has really spent time digging and trying to find their core enneagram type and wing. In terms of what I consider when typing someone, it's core enneagram type&gt;wing&gt;variants. The fact that you are sx isn't sufficiently persuasive for me ignore all of the 1w9 qualities that don't fit you and all of the 1w2 qualities that do. I know Chestnut exists and a lot of info out there combines the variants and the core types, but it all seems pretty misguided and used to justify a lot of surface level typings, which is the antithesis of what enneagram describes. Plus, I've never seen anything splitting it up into the wings + variants or whatever. I only consider the variants on their own in isolation. 

In short, I don't think that you or anyone being sx/so/sp should be evidence against a type that would fit them better otherwise. But that's a fork in the road in the enneagram literature afiak. No need to be hesitant about suggesting anything, I'm really happy you shared your impressions :)After reading through your comments, I would have guessed INFP over ENFP. You lack the secure/aggressive/forceful Te-edge that a lot of ENFPs have in their writing, online or otherwise, and instead you seem to be more geared towards depth and an analytical focus, plus you self-reflect a lot in this really considerate and methodological way I associate with Fi-Si. Just some food for thought if you're a bit unsure about ENFP. You do seem NFP though. I dunno, whatever anyone else thinks! Everything is on the table!I don't think it's self-centered to spend time focusing on yourself, just in your comments you didn't really seem to so I though it could be a 9 thing, but having anxiety about accurately expressing yourself to others could explain that too.

The reason I thought not 4, well I've been doing a lot more enneagram reading and research recently and 4s are really misrepresented for some reason (my original conception of them was really off.) 4s have this weird wafting edge of strong ego, secure identity combined with self-doubt and a dramatic entitled aggressive edge to them that I think suits SFPs a lot better than it suits the INFx types. Plus I just don't get that vibe from you at all, you seem mellow and self-conscious, but not like you're hiding your deep self-consciousness behind some wall of a contrived identity (very 4).  

&gt;I find myself very much trying to define my own style/stand out and see this seeping into my lifestyle but can't really say if this is more dominant than say type 9 or 6.

Yeah definitely, I noticed that artists especially all sort of have 4ish qualities, because artists do need an identity. Plus INFJs are pretty commonly enneagram 1s and enneagram 1s disintegrate to 4s. Disintegrate isn't really the best word because it implies that 1s only act like 4s when they are in a really bad place, but types always have some qualities of their disintegration type. 

Enneagram can be tricky, if you want to know more about it you can post something to /r/enneagram or read some stuff on The Enneagram Institute, it's a good starting point. In the comment chain to TK and cypranius where you talked about yourself and your behavior, don't feel like linking to it, just look through your comment history. 

&gt;But you're clearly speaking out of ignorance, the stuff you say about 1w2 that fits me actually don't. There's nothing I can do about you having a false perception of me. 1w9 is the typing that stands on its own, sexual is the typing that stands on its own. It makes absolutely no difference to me whether you see it or not, you're operating on false assumptions about me. Spare me the stand alone typings rant, it assumes both the system and the descriptions are accurate representations of reality, both claims that are utter nonsense and of no interest to me, the only way you get perfect fits is if you delude yourself into perfect fits.

Okay I was being general with the variant rant, it wasn't a criticism directed at you, just an explanation for why I don't have an answer for what a 1w9 sx type would look like since imo it doesn't matter. I'm not like throwing myself on the stake dying over you being 1w2, I was just surprised you thought 1w9 since in my head it was always 1w2.

&gt;You don't get preaching without anger from me.

But 1w2s also preach with anger. A lot of them do, actually, all of the ones I can think of do. wouldn't 1w9s be more emotionally removed and dissocated? Isn't that a big part of 9? 

Tupac is like my favorite 1w2 example at the moment but he is angry AS HELL, he is always preaching with anger. I mean at this point I've given most types a lot of thought and people who know MBTI well and myself well always land on INTJ, but it's fair to listen to anyone who might think otherwise. I'm obviously comfortable suggesting types for people since MBTI is a hell of a lot more useful if you're properly typed, so I think it's important that the lines of dialogue go both ways. Plus, you learn a lot more and get closer to the truth/accuracy by listening and being open-minded. 

&gt;I remember going through your post history and getting the feeling that outwardly you tend to stand up for your views more often than others. However, despite this you seem pretty open to input. Right or wrong? Thoughts in response to these ramblings?

Hmm yeah I would say so, that seems accurate.  I don't have any insecurity whatsoever about saying what I think, even if there's like a 2% chance I'm right,  I tend to just shoot out an idea or impression first with the expectation that it will be molded and challenged. People occasionally get the impression that I'm *not* open to input which is far from the truth, so I'm glad you see otherwise. 

&gt;If someone were to meet you, and spend some time at a pub in a group of your friends what would their impression of you be? Is it accurate?

Good question! People tend to usually think I'm stuck up or disinterested at a first impression, guess it's the way I carry myself, but when I start talking I get told that I'm friendly, so I guess I seem friendly. I'm usually genuinely interested in what other people have to say. 

On the scale from silly/laidback to serious stick in the mud, I'm more serious, even if I'm drunk I just get more talkative and friendly. I like teasing people a lot, that's probably my go-to way of communicating and warming up to someone. It makes some people uncomfortable but when someone can vibe with me like that it's usually a good sign we'll get along. I'm pretty quiet in a group, I prefer to just listen, although I contribute a lot more to argumentative discussions, so if we were arguing about something (I tend to be friends with people who like to argue), they might think I was combative. I tend to prefer one-on-one hangouts to group hangouts. 

Hmm dunno if that helps, it's hard to see yourself from the outside.ISTJ, absolutely. From the perfectionism to the Te heavy writing style to the catastrophizing. It would make sense you'd identify with ENFP, it's the same functions as ISTJ but reversed, so it's sort of like your "hidden side."Oh no it definitely makes sense, I could also see how your enneagram (I saw it was 6w7) would make you a bit more tempered and introspective. Just wanted to throw it out there in case you had some doubts; ENFP definitely seems good, and the fact that INFP is also believable is probably a testament to your maturity and growth. I've also noticed that once people start to hit 24ish or so, the introvert/extravert versions of the type really start to blend. An INFP who is like 18 probably wouldn't be mistaken for an ENFP, but I know an INFP who is in her mid-twenties and she could definitely pass for ENFP; it's the same with an INTJ and ISTP I know, they could easily pass for ENTJ or ESTP. So it seems to be a pretty common thing when people get a bit older. :D thanks

&gt;I like the contrast of the INFJ and the INTJ. I like that you INTJs seem so harsh and prickly yet you're just a bunch of ol' softies. Whereas INFJs are the reverse of that.

Oh yeah for sure! I don't feel like a cold person at all, I'm really interested in people and figuring out what makes them tick. I hate when that gets mistranslated, it sucks to hear that someone you like and respect say that you CLEARLY hate them and that you're haughty/aloof. I deal with a lot of my emotions internally and I guess that includes stuff like appreciation/affection. I try and work on it but it's a bummer. 

INFJs, at least the ones I know, are way less patient and forgiving of people than I am, even though they are far more in tune to people and compassionate in an immediate sense. 

&gt;Do you have any one close that's an ISTJ? Is there really any similarity?

Yes I'm friends with a few ISTJs. I think we definitely have a lot of similarities, but putting us next to each other we're very different. I'm a lot more fluid overall, both in mannerisms and in speech patterns, while they are more stiff and cautious. I'm also a lot more immediately outgoing and I tend to adjust to new vibes/situations way more quickly. If I went out with my ISTJ friends they would be stiff at first and then loosen up later in the night, while I might get hyped up early on and then tucker out and get tired later. I also tend to take the lead and take charge by default unless I'm with someone else who wants to do that (like an ESTP) while ISTJs much prefer to just sort of follow along and evaluate whether or not they're interested in a thing or if it's feasible. 

Hmmm don't know if that helps. My ISTJ female friend also gets sarcastic and witty with people, but like I said above she takes a lot longer to warm up to people and get comfortable with them, while I'm more of the type to someone, decide if I like them or not/if they're boring, then talk to someone else and decide if I like them or not if they're boring, etc. No, but at least two of them had the same enneagram type. It's kinda hard to find convincing fictional INTJs, and the ones that are convincing to be ice-queen types, while I'm kinda fiery. Which ones did you pick? Almost every fictional NTJ I can come up with is a villain or a villain protagonist. Would be cool to see some not bad guy NTJs represented. I'd probably pick ENTJ, ENFJ or ESTP. I have a hard time imagining being Fe-dom or Se-dom but I want those perks. &gt;I don't know how ENFJ guys fair though.

They are jussst fine. I end up typing a lot of male actors as ENFJ, like Eddy Redmayne and Benedict Cumberbatch (he gets typed as INFJ but nah). Male ENFJs are usually impeccably put-together, confident and likeable. It's hard not to listen to them or pay attention to them when they speak. I'm pretty sure there's one in my classes, I've barely even spoken to him but just the way he carries himself, I get a strong ENFJ vibe. 

Their only problem comes when they try and be ESTPs, like they try and be more aggressive and bro-like than they actually are. It's usually really obvious and kinda cringey. Some ESFJ guys do it too. I mean, look at all of the Drake memes out there about Drake being such an emotional softy even though he tries to be hard. Most people don't even *know* about MBTI and they pick up on it.Ohhhh I forgot about Near!!! Yeah I definitely think INTJ is right for him. Death Note is one of the few shows where all of the protagonists get typed as NTs and it actually seems correct. I've sort of been on the fence about Ryuk, whether he was ENTP or a bored ESxP. What do you think? 

People always seem to have a hard time with Mello's type, myself included. I think I went with ESTP for him but ESTJ isn't too crazy either, I could really see that. 

Light is definitely ENTJ though. Even if we were to buy that there is a personable loved-by-all popular INTJ out there, he definitely seems to have tert-Se, he's pretty adaptable and his power-hungry spiral/lack of internal moral consistency fit inferior Fi and tert. Se pretty well.  Hmmmm in terms of general life interactions/career stuff INTJ women probably have it worse, ENFJs are skilled at being universally  likeable when they want to be and really know how to work social systems/get stuff from people, while being a bit cold and assertive as a female doesn't usually work that well in your favor.

Dating wise though I think ENFJ guys have it worse, I don't really know why but ENFJs (both men and women) tend to have really not-so-happy and dramatic love lives, which is sort of odd because they tend to really prioritize their romantic relationships and hate being alone. They also tend to turn to goo for their SOs so they can get walked over and have a hard time leaving a bad relationship.  I like to think of Chris Traeger from Parks and Recreation as an example here; the perfect specimen super successful ENFJ guy who for some reason just can't get a date. Yeah I think sometimes people get carried away with the "INTJ mastermind who wants to take over the world" stereotype, so that could also have to do with the mistype. 

&gt;And whoops I completely forgot about Ryuk (sorry shinigami, I still think you're cool though). It's been a while since I've watched Death Note (the last time was before I knew about MBTI), so I really don't know. There's no doubt about ExTP though.

Well sorrrrry! I had to look up his name, I remembered shinigami though. 

Misa I think ESFP, Rem I've seen INFP which I think could fit. I don't really have a strong thought on Rem either way, if someone were to suggest something better I could be convinced otherwise.&gt;What types do you feel like you, and INTJ women in general attract? 

Hmmm that's a tough question tbh. Attraction is dependent on a lot of factors, and attraction and compatibility are totally different things.  I've been aggressively pursued by people who are clearly looking for someone who acts nothing like me, or their idea of what woman is supposed to be like is nothing like me, but they still pursue me anyway. 

Typically it's guys who are older, also people who don't find air-heads attractive but that's probably obvious.

 It would make sense to say people who aren't looking for someone soft-spoken, domestic, subservient, insecure, lost, nurturing, etc., but it's not really true unfortunately. 

Otherwise, the only other real trend is people who don't know what they want to do with their life or want to make a major life change. I pretty much always know where I'm going in terms of my life direction and I have a "nothing can stop me and anything is possible" attitude so they either want to hop on that, or they find that quality attractive or inspiring or something.  

Hmmm I don't really know what else. I guess people who find me intriguing for whatever reason. 

Type-wise, I would say probably STJs, STPs, NFPs and ENTPs/INTJs in that order. Yes definitely. And the weird thing about it is that it seems strongly relational and reoccurring, while I can't "relive" a sensation at all. It's always surprising and pretty fascinating to hear Si-doms describe certain events/situations or moments in their lives. Even if they don't really seem all that important on their own, like a moment on a vacation or a flashback from childhood or a shared memory, the gravity ascribed to it is really obvious and I can tell there is just *something* I'm not picking up on or something lost in translation about how they perceived/felt/understood/valued the thing/moment etc. Even ENxPs do it but it's a lot less intense seeming. Makes me feel like I'm really lacking some sort of depth of experience/perception.ahahah i mean, ever seen an ESFJ look at someone they're interested in? Those creeper eyes....not much different. :pESFP men tend to go two ways, either aggressive/loud and attention loving/bubbly, or SUPER laid back and chill, like they so obviously just take every single moment at a time and thus hardly seem too affected by anything. I hate to use stupid generic terms like stoner or surfer but that's just the vibe they give off. The more rambunctious ESFP guys I've known have been 4w3, the more chill guys have been 7w8 and maybe 9. Learning how to type the super chill ESFP guys or realizing that "manifestation" of the functions (Se-Fi) was really helpful for me. 

ESFP women either tend to give off a super fun loving/happy vibe or aggressive-bitch vibe(not an insult, I love this). I've never met one with the "just chill man" vibe but I'm sure they're out there. I know I've suggested INFJ before but it can be really difficult to describe the dominant introverted perception functions (Ni and Si) over text especially, so if stuff about Ni seems wrong and stuff about Si seems right, it's definitely worth considering. I also don't want to you feel locked into something that isn't correct. Like I said before, a lot of what you said in previous posts could go either way so you're definitely tough to type. 

Just a final point, food for thought, I would be careful about assuming certain qualities and experiences are common human traits. I very rarely feel nostalgia and am critical of any attempt to "relive" or "re-experience" a thing. It's pretty common for people to assume qualities of their dominant functions are just "normal human qualities" because it's just something they naturally do so effortlessly, when actually it's their dominant function at work.

A good example would be after my friends and I all graduated college, a group of them went back to the football game as alumni to "re-live" the fun and ~college~ or whatever. Hell no was I interested in going. I already graduated, I'm doing something else, going to a football game and being all "woo go college team!" seemed such a step backwards, while my INFP friend thought I was being weird and tried to encourage me to "re-experience being with everyone all together having fun again." I'm like that with pretty much everything, as are the NJs I know. 

You might want to try posting a separate post and draw the attention of the ISFJs who post here, see if anything they say is more relatable. This is incredibly well said and differentiated. I'm usually unsatisfied with descriptions of the perception functions, especially introverted perception, but you nailed it. I notice people inject a lot of Si qualities onto Ni (like "does this match anything else" or invoke a piece of my map) about *experiences* but that is not how introverted intuition works at all. It's geared towards conceptual, non experience specific ideas and it is many degrees away from personal experience. The focus is dissociated from immediate connections to past experiences (i.e, this thing has happened to me before and I can draw from that). &gt;It's a bit risky to think of it this way, but it's like Ni thinks in words and Si thinks in pictures. Si appreciates what happens when a person reflects on sensation. Ni appreciates what happens when a person reflects on "insight"

YES! Truly awesome. Sorry I'm getting excited but I feel like you're looking right into my brain. I'm pretty impressed by the accuracy of all of this considering you don't have Ni in your traditional function stack, but probably the fact that it's not one of your most natural "passive" functions means you can present an accurate an objective distillation of it.

The reflection of sensation vs. insight is huge too, I'm very dismissive of reflection on the weight of sensation/experience unless the impersonal holistic insight is being presented, and it always confused me when people expect it to matter/me to care. Hmmm well it's definitely not crazy. I mean IMO, ISXPs have pretty objective perception. Even though things are immediately filtered through an introverted judging function, the strong Se makes their conceptual pictures of things pretty accurate and typically (unless in a moment of stress and they're acting paranoid about something) have a pretty good handle on objective perception. And arguably the NTPs/SFJs have the *least* objective perception (at least direct), due to their extraverted functions being geared towards feeling and intuition. 

Maybe you could be INFJ? (just for discussion's sake, you're not giving me super strong mistyped vibes or anything)Oh god maybe this is just obvious to me because I'm close to both an INFJ and an ISTP, but they should be clearly distinguishable, don't overthink it. First,it's way more common to confuse an IFJ for an ITP than to confuse an ITP for an IFJ, ISTP especially. I don't think I've ever seen an ISTP mistyped as an INFJ. The lack of Fe is usually pretty apparent to themselves or others. Focus on the inferior Fe and strong Se vs the inferior Se and strong Fe. If you can't tell if he uses Fe or Ti more, it's way more likely he is INFJ. There is less of a spectrum between the middle two functions by default in any type. Just like IxTJs and ExTPs are strong with their feeling function, IxFJs and ExFPs are strong with their thinking functions. Also I think the line can really blur with opposite gender of traditional T/F people especially (like IxFJ men tend to present themselves in a more Ti-heavy way, as with ExTP women might present themselves with more Fe). 

Otherwise, think about how he relates to people and interacts with the outside world. Is he very good at reading people's emotional states and judging and acting appropriately in a situation, or do those kind of things make him very uncomfortable and does he kinda suck at it? Is he more likely to make very simplistic unforgiving moral judgments? How does he judge people who don't treat people well? Does he even care? Does he tend to live moment by moment/day by day or does he see time as more of a spectrum? Is it easy to get him to talk about himself/open up to people emotionally, or is he the type to just be like "k" all the time? Does he have an aggressive and impulsive side (not about like intellectual arguments, like IRL would you consider him aggressive or impulsive?) 

Also, maybe consider ISFJ? Si can be very methodological and can get conflated with Ti.

That's all I have time for atm, feel free to ask more, but just from what I've read it seems like he's INFJ and you're overthinking it a bit, but I could be wrong. Maybe read some basic descriptions about ISTP or head over to /r/ISTP and see what you think.

No, this is not how Ni-Te works. That is how a normal person explains a thought to someone. Coming up with an example to illustrate a thought is not novel or function specific. I would hope we've all reached that level of interpersonal communication.This person reallllly loves hearing himself talk though, jesus. 

Also, an xNTJ (ENTJ especially) starting a conversation with,"omg I just had the MOST AMAZING time hanging out with this person!! I just love her, what an awesome day! I just love her!!!" please. 

No, that's really silly. Do you think that an Ni user who is an English teacher who teaches Hamlet every year wouldn't see that and immediately think of Hamlet? I think so, probably around the ages 4/5 or so once kids start developing their own personalities. You sort of really need exposure to a few kids though to really see how different they all are. Little kids are easier than kids between the ages of 11-17, once they develop more peer awareness and start trying to act a certain way it becomes less obvious.That's all really well distinguished, good comment. Aggression is a tough word to use to describe a type because all people can be aggressive surely, it's the manner which typically differentiates. The boundaries thing is definitely true, as with the INXJs "forgetting" their bodies, progressively as an interview/conversation goes on. I actually don't think it's only the first two functions, at least not with extraverts. I've known two ExTP kids and the Fe is obvious, like I never considered ExFP for them because the Fe was so clear. Introverted functions can be really hard to spot, they are all an "inner world" sort of thing. I don't think I remember "seeing" Ti in any of the IxFJ kids I worked with or Fi in the IxTJ kids, but I'm sure it was going on in their heads. 

Oh god ESTP kids are awesome, although SP kids can be pretty tough to keep a handle on in my experience. ESTP kid with INFP parent sounds pretty tough actually, at least they are both perceivers. You said that Si users are more likely to quote Hamlet, and it's not accurate. Very few questions about one's ability to recall general facts are going to be answered different between NJs and SJs. Your general point is correct about how the functions work, but introverted sensing deals more with *person specific* associations, not general memory. Maybe an SJ would be more likely to think about *when they first heard the phrase, or a personal memory associated with the statement*, but Hamlet in general? No.

 Everyone has the capability for memory and recall. Saying that Si users are more likely to associate "O say can you see...~" with the Star Spangled Banner than Ni users is not going to lead to an accurate differentiation between people of those types. No problem, Ni and Si are really tough to just describe over text. The best way to understand is to focus on how concrete reality is perceived. Si will have an in depth map of personal experiences and associations related to a thing. It happens unconsciously, they just make those associations subconsciously. I've heard it described a lot as the brain having a library of experiences/lessons/associations/impressions about particular situations/experiences/etc. that the brain just refers to for reference. [i thought this user did a really great job of describing Si-Ne and Ni-Se in the resulting comments.](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/55lws3/whats_the_difference_between_introverted_sensing/d8cqtw2). Hopefully that helps.Well, more children/people have been tortured for far less or no reason at all. Norweigan Wood by Murakami, it's been a while since I've read it but it's a first person perspective and the protagonist is IxFP. 

I think Tolstoy is absolutely brilliant at this, he doesn't always go directly into the person's brain but he does talk about their feelings/motivations/etc.in such a nuanced and accurate way that the people are so incredibly real; in Anna Karenina there is an ESTP, ENFJ, ISFJ, ISTJ, and INTJ. There is so much psychological depth in his works. 

Perks of Being a Wallflower, think the protagonist is another INFP. 

Great Expectations, I bet Pip is ESFP!!! 

Huck Finn is also SFP. I lean ESFP but I've heard convincing arguments for ISFP so. (Tom Sawyer is ESTP)

If you want to read some of Mark Twain's satire or letters, he is ENFP.

Uhm that's all I got at the moment.
:D Besides the ones already listed, Spike from Cowboy Bebop, The Hound from Game of Thrones (I hear Arya typed as ISTP all the time but she strikes me as an aggressive ESFP to me, her biggest struggle was giving up her identity and that's not really an ISTP fixation), both Darryl and Micchone from The Walking Dead, the driver from Drive, Han Solo from Star Wars, the paleontologist from Jurassic Park, Indiana Jones,...a bunch of comic book characters are ISTP, Wolverine, Black Widow (apparently, I dont really know anything about comics.) 

That's all I've really got for now but ISxPs are like the classic hero type in fiction for whatever reason, I think it's because by default they will adjust to whatever situation they get put in, can deal well in the moment, yet also have their own thoughts/value systems that guide them(whether it's Ti or Fi.) if they have a strong moral compass they're ISFP and if they're more the strong silent type they're ISTP. Action heroes are also almost always STP. I love having Fi. It drives me to seek consistency in my values and my actions, to understand what makes each individual tick at an independent nuanced level, and it makes me comfortable standing apart from others if I need to and sticking up for myself directly.  I also really like the emotional self-awareness and control.

Fi is a pretty misunderstood function and gets scapegoated a lot in MBTI communities. Like Si is the tradition and the ~past~ function, Fi is the emotional sensitivity and meltdown function, despite both Fi and Si having just as much depth and nuance as their same orientation counter-parts (Ti and Ni).  All functions can lead to shitty/irrational/childish behavior. My apartment is the exact same way. Everything I own serves a purpose besides decoration (the exception being a single fake mini plant I bought at IKEA). It's been like that everywhere I've lived. I just moved into new place and was like,"eh, maybe i should get a few pictures or something," so I bought them and they've just been sitting on the table forgotten about for like a month now. Yes, def Se dom with Fi-Te. She's more commanding/present/open than an ISFP and lacks the ethereal quality they tend to have, and watching interviews it's clear she's on the Fi-Te axis. ESFP is a really good fit for her. Not sure if enneagram 4w3 or 7w8 but one of those two. Yes! I actually really like her. She does have a very grounded element which is sort of surprising considering her wild marketing image/artist persona. I've never seen her on The Voice but every time I watch an interview with her she impresses me, something about the way she presents herself is appealing.  Thanks! Fi is a weird function for an IxTJ especially, for some reason it tends to go really unnoticed even though it's always running in the background. I guess it's because it's all handled and valued very independently so the Fi element is more like an implicit factor that is always in play but not externally obvious. It's stressful when people aim for an isolated emotional outpouring but it's also stressful to get accused of being things like cold/heartless/robotic when it feels like the farthest thing from the truth. It definitely is a slow process, I'll know I feel a certain way about something but it might take me hours/days to figure out exactly *why*, and once I've figured it out, well, it's already figured out so there isn't all that much to talk about. It's definitely a huge lapse in communication between FJs-TJs, the emotional upkeep process is very different and I think it leaves the FJs the ones wanting while the TJs are just like ??? there is a problem here? 
I was leaning 7w8, she doesn't really have the tortured meltdown quality 4w3s tend to have and she also isn't constantly picking fights and reveling in self-created chaos like the other celebrity 8w7s who come to mind, she seems more so focused on just doing her own thing and enjoying herself. Definitely agree with the 7/8 line. Hmmm I WISH I was better at being unseen. I think I'm good at giving off an air of "leave me the fuck alone/don't talk to me," but I don't have auto-invisibility skills.

Otherwise, the only thing I can think of is that I read SUPER quickly, always have. I completely forgot the extent of it until I took an exam recently with 100 people in a room, finished it, read through it AGAIN...and again....and sat there like an idiot for like 15-20 minutes while everyone kept working. It made teachers suspicious in grade school and I got a lot of shade about how they doubted I *truly comprehended* what I read or that I was rushing/trying to show off or something, but no, I just read hella fast. I guess it's a skill, more like a luxury cuz it takes me a lot less time to do my work than most people, but I have no idea how to teach it, it's just something that I do.Nope, I just...read them I guess? I'm sure whatever I do is similar to speed reading, I tutor reading comp and I've tried to get my students to do some speed reading software online and whatnot and a lot of the skills like ignoring prepositions/filler words or whatever seem to be kinda similar to what I just naturally do.That's a good question, I think it depends a lot on what I'm reading. When I was in undergrad I was a literature major so I would essentially just skim and focus more on whatever is going on behind the words than really caring about the specifics, now in law school every word matters (as you probably know judging by your username) so I guess I just read all the words really quickly. Dude fuck me too. What type are you? People always know my name for some reason, I have no idea how or why. I rarely initiate conversations with people and I keep my mouth shut most of the time. I think it's because my name is really uncommon for the US but still, It sucks because people will always refer to me by my first name and I'm just like "errrr how do I sneakily entice someone else to call you your first name so I can play it off like I know." And then I think about how learning names is probably just human decency and I'm a horrible person for not knowing the names of the people who sit next to me every day and I should get my shit together. I would guess ISFJ, actually. I wanted to say ISTJ but some of it seemed really Fe but like too much Fe to be ISTP. There's a category of ISFJ guys who are more Ti heavy and come off ISTP-ish. Se doms speak pretty normally, they seem aware of how they sound so they aren't the types to get accidentally loud, but they can be pretty darn loud if they wanna get something across, Se is a lot less hesitant to impact/alter the environment than Si. Se-doms don't ramble.

 Fe-doms speak with a lot of inflection, their voices always carry some feeling, whether it's concern, anger, curiosity, annoyance, etc. Te is a bit more monotone, often serious and firm. A big thing I've noticed with Te-doms is that the words they use always carry a lot of purpose, they are good at saying exactly what they mean. 

Ti-doms are pretty quiet, they tend to mumble, Fi-doms also tend to speak softly and kinda slowly, they always sound "chill." Both Si-doms and Ni-doms ramble, they'll get more carried away in elaboration/an idea/etc. and not be as precise with their language as their Je-dom counterparts. Ni-doms are usually louder than Si-doms and will totally talk over or verbally steamroll someone, Ni-doms get excited more easily. Si-doms tend to be a bit more hesitant and careful/aware of how their communication is affecting the "mood," ISTJs especially are *very* careful communicators. 

Ne-doms....uh I dunno, ENFPs tend to get really excited super easily and talk really fast, ENTPs always seem a bit more speculative but they're also usually fast talkers. I don't really think any types are universally better or worse at it than others, to be good you have to be willing to constantly reevaluate and self-check your own perceptions and aim for consistency. Probably the 'worst' people at typing are people who are afraid to change their mind, don't trust their own judgment, don't know how to properly balance their own perceptions with what they learn from external sources, and have personal attachments to certain types. You need to have *some objective standard* that differentiates type A from type B, it can't be totally subjective or too loose, but it also can't be too concrete or too definitive. If it's too rigidly systematized you're not actually observing.  Being too conceptual about it isn't very helpful since the point of typology is to type *actual people,* but if you don't get into the concepts you can fall into a lot of observational traps (like ISxJs being super in their head and not very 'concrete' so you might assume intuitive). 

SPs are normally very good, they don't really fall into over-thinking/over-conceptualizing traps, but I probably only think that because they cover my perception weak-points. I think sensors in general who get into MBTI have an advantage because once they get to a point where they realize they are sensors, the intuitive bias dissolves much more quickly which is what a good deal of common mistypes can be attributed to. Otherwise, I know an INFP and an ENTP who are both really good at typing people so I don't think skill should be attributed to certain functions. 

There might be varying degrees of learning curves, I honestly don't think Pi-doms are all that great at typing people without a lot of practice, but it's all about knowing what to look for, talking to people who are better than you, and practicing. Yeah I just got bored, watched a few interviews with him (it's hard to type an older person) and read some stuff about his personality and his temperament. INFJ is unlikely, my vote is on IxTP. I would say ISTP over INFJ, but INTP seems pretty good too. That Jung is Ni-dom doesn't really seem to come from much more than Ni-dom lore bias. I actually wrote a response to this yesterday and then deleted it, but you keep wafting on your type so I figured maybe it would help. It's not really directed at anything in particular, just a few observations;

&gt;I swear I'm an S because I don't really go for abstraction very much. I like things that are useful to me. I find theories neat but I would rather deal with something I can implement.

I don't know a single NJ who would consider themselves focused on the abstract or who prefers theories that don't have a real-world application. Firstly, nothing about being Ni-dom *feels* abstract, it's more of just like looking at things with a certain degree of scope. And while Ni might be non-concrete, it's still heavily based in and derived from a conception of reality that is singular and a-personal. I find theories without real world application completely and utterly purposeless. The INFJs I know can get on stuff like philosophy a lot more readily than the other NTJs or ENFJs I've come across though. Overall, the alpha quadra tends to be most interested in abstract theories for theories sake, it's not really an S vs N thing.

Another thing that's kinda interesting is that talk you talk about the present in a holistic sense, like this;

&gt;As for where I live, I have a lot of long term goals and work towards those but I live mostly in the moment as that is the most important. I have a plan for how I want my life to unfold but I mostly focus on what I can control in the moment and what steps I can take right now. I spend the majority of my time dealing with the present and current challenges rather than what might happen. I think that is a more sensor view.

That sense of living in the moment and focusing on what you can and can't control sounds like an outside perspective of the moment.

My SO is ISxP. The 'moment' for him is not a moment in the context of a grand scheme. It's just literally like...now. The concrete actual now. Like today. Maybe tomorrow, maybe next week if there is an important thing. He doesn't like to think of himself or his life in terms of a larger scheme or a larger direction without my prodding. His sense of time is second by second, day by day. He's "on the ground," he's *actually here,* actually in the now. 

Myself, sure, I have a couple ideas of the type of work I'd like to do when I graduate in a few years, but I have no ability to really control that now. So I focus on what I can control in 'the moment' which is my schoolwork, and I'll work on the rest as it pops up along the way and follow the path as it unfolds. But that's not really "the moment." It's very general and wide in scope. My sense of time is like a spectrum, where this exact second is only a tiny part of a larger thing, and is so easy to erase. 

Hopefully that helps you out a little bit :D
Don't be confused!!!! Well I mean, I understand why you are confused, but try not to freak out about it. You know a good deal about MBTI and the functions at this point. You're clearly not just picking types because you think they're cool or trying to flatter yourself, you're genuinely trying and considering what everyone has to say. It's not fair for a bunch of people to claim that you're DEFINITELY x, y, or z totally random type/function without any elaboration and any consistency. So I just want to try and throw some stuff out there that doesn't really have a clear direction, maybe we just kinda talk about the types/functions and that can help. 

Personally, I don't really have faith in a lot of people's understandings of Fi. Fi like Ti is introverted judging, it's more of concerned with the "why," not "good/bad" and "right/wrong"; the strong black and white right/wrong functions are Te and Fe. My ESFP brother is very hesitant to label people as good/bad and I don't think I've ever heard my ISxP SO say someone is a "good" or "bad" person (even if they person has done something incredibly reprehensible x_x), while the FJs and TJs I know are a lot more willing to come to those hard and fast judgments. 

Anyway, okay, you're DEFINITELY accommodating (!!!) and introspective, but that doesn't have to mean either Fe or Fi. I would place my bets that you are on the Ni-Se axis, and I will say that SFP-NFJ is a common and easy mis-type (like STP-NTJ), but that doesn't really point in any direction. 

What do you think about what I said earlier about the differences between ISxP and INxJ? Also, why don't you describe in more detail about what *you* think makes you both Fi and Fe?

Edit: Also if you have time and are bored, maybe take [this test](http://www.sociotype.com/tests/). I'm curious mostly what quadra it puts you in.Thanks a lot for writing all of that! 

Okay, so I definitely think most of your points and arguments are on the right track. The big dissonance seems to be (not only for you but for people that try and type you) that you have a lot of qualities of Fe (Je qualities, externally warm, a focus on environmental moods) but also a lot of self-awareness and a strong focus on identity.

Now, Fi=identity is another weird simplification of the function that I think gets used to justify a lot of FP mistypes and is a bit unfair to IxFJ types especially. IxFJs are introverted and prone to enneagram types like 1 (disintegrate to 4) and 6 (strong me vs them focus) and 9 (disintegrate to 6). Think about it; how many SFPs/NTJs have you seen who really *agonize* about identity? Is it really a sufficient and necessary condition for someone who cares about their identity to have Fi? The people who tend to see "identity" as this constant deep permeating things aren't *only* Fi users or FPs; NFPs, STJs, and SFJs I know especially seem to have this preoccupation. And comparing NTJs and STJs...STJs win tenfold in terms of 'identity focus.'

Some of the most self-aware and self-fixated people I know are ISFJs (it's not a criticism, I like that about them.)  I don't remember where I read this, but I read somewhere that Ni is connected to the collective unconscious and Si is connected to the personal unconscious. Just following that, how could someone say that an ISFJ *isn't* focused on their identity or their sense of self? And I imagine that aux-Fe users especially probably feel a very strong pull and contradiction between their own subjective perceptions (Pi) and Ti judgments (independently derived and either focused on the self or distant/cold) and their Fe judgments (externally involved and warm); probably not so different from how my subjective and gushy Ni-Fi judgments contrast with my cold/harsh Te sometimes. 

Anyway, I'm hesitant to provide a firm conclusion one way or another, but I don't really see evidence for Fi, certaintly not enough for people to be remarking on how you're a 'clear' Fi user, which doesn't surprise me because I never saw many solid arguments for it beyond that you are self aware.  I think it's pretty likely that people are confusing Pi for Fi with you. Everything you've said, there is so much more evidence for FJ than xxFP. Even what you said above about your perception of time, it's definitely more IXXJ than SP or even NP. Additionally, the way you've presented it, it seems like you are leaning a bit towards FJ yourself. 

I would never die on the cross for typology test results especially, but I like that socionics test because it's pretty different from the traditional/ predictable MBTI tests and it does a pretty good job of testing for functions. I found it interesting that all of you top 4 likely results were FJ types. 

IXFJ is probably a safe bet. Some of the inconsistencies and difficulties typing you could be attributed to Si, which is why I suggest IXFJ instead of one or the other, and I'm prettttty darn bad at differentiating between INFJs and ISFJs over text. If I were you I'd talk to or creep on some reliable IXFJs and see if they can help you out.  

Sorry this ended up so long, I hope it helped!Ni as "magic" and "gut feelings" and "aha moments"...no. That all implies something out of the ordinary and atypical for the person. How would that possibly make sense for an Ni-dominant? Does every time you have a thought feel magical or like an aha moment or like a gut feeling? If that was your primary way of perceiving the world always, how could you describe it as magical or 'aha moments'? It would just feel normal. Ni is just a particular way of looking at things, like a particular perspective, dissociated and holistic with a wide scope. he's ISFP :DI wouldn't consider any Ji-doms (IXXPs) "smooth" talkers in terms of like, ideas and words comfortably flowing out of their mouth; EXXJs tend to be the best at just talking confidently and directly, IXXPs and IXXJs are more careful in their word choice and a bit more 'hesitant' because they have a harder time putting their thoughts into words.  INFPs certainly aren't more "smooth" and confident talkers than ISFPs, in my experience INXPs are actually a bit more hesitant when they're trying to get their ideas across than ISXPs because Ne-Si tends to be a lot more specific and consider more details/tangents, while Se-Ni is more simplifying. Of course, ISXPs are probably more likely to say nothing at all. :p 

Since we're on the topic, what type do you think [Annie Clark](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWTzKs3fZDk) is? I've heard a few things for her including INTJ. Do you think SFP is totally off the table? Never watched something like this before, decided to give it a shot, here are my notes and thoughts about this video:

The first 2 minutes: thus far has been empty rhetoric, a lot of build up, super general non-descript claims. I've probably heard some variation of "GET READY FOR THE INFO DROP" about 6 times yet haven't heard any actual points.

Ok, 5 minutes in: still haven't heard anything substantial, just that authority figures think 'we', the public, are stupid and gullible; politicians use buzz words to get us to support policies that aren't in our best interest;  but *we*, the viewers of this video, are smarter than that and DO NOT fall for those LIES; Ironically, the speaker uses a lot of buzz words like "dumb," "slave,", "uninformed," "stupid" which we, the viewers, REFUSE TO BE and ARE NOT, right?! Right.  

Still haven't really heard a single point, well-developed argument, or fact yet, just a lot of ominous claims. 

Ok, about **7 minutes in**, I think the viewers are sufficiently primed now for the ~BIG REVEAL~, he might be getting to the point. 

[In one of the comments, someone claims this is the most "clear cut" piece of journalism they have **ever seen in their life,** that is baffling.] 

I. Corporate World Government/Global Governance 

-World leaders try and create cohesion and have been trying to create structures of global governance since...man forever, pretty much, but apparently the G20 summit of all things is particularly very threatening. 

I guess that was just supposed to be scary or something since it didn't really get talked about? Why is it supposed to be scary? What are they doing that is scary? What have they done? What are they planning to do? Still don't really know. 

Ok, 10 minutes in, now he's getting to the **meat** of the issue apparently;

II. Hillary Clinton Claims Donald Trump and Alex Jones are Anti-Semitic and Racist


**scary music**

III. Hillary Clinton Says a Good Thing About China

IV. War with Russia

V. Globalization = Bad

globalization wants to take away our houses, guns, make us slaves, world leaders think we're stupid;

VI. Alex Jones Thinks We Are Smart

VII. #BringBackTheRenaissance 

VIII. Alex Jones and Trump Talk in The Same Exact Me-vs-Them-General-Scary-Conclusion-Driven Rhetorical Style


I'm sure there are a lot of interesting things that can be said about the U.S. presidential election, and probably a lot of evidence to go off especially since Hillary Clinton is BFFs which a bunch of world leaders, but this video is just 17 minutes of ominous claims, rhetoric, and scare tactics. I mean, I don't know what I expected, I'm glad I gave it a listen I suppose. I find the style a huge turn off though, I'd rather have points presented in a way that is objective as possible and come to my own conclusion about it instead of someone just yelling at me in persuasive language what I'm supposed to think.Pretty okay with money, not really good but not all that great. I'm good at properly allocating and investing money, pretty good at doing taxes, I never look in my bank account and am left wondering where all my money went or whatever, but I hate having to worry about money or think too much about it. I live pretty simply though so it's not really an issue. 

I'm not good at making money nor am I a miser, I'm lazy and overly generous in terms of charging people for work or paying for family/ friends and not expecting a pay-back. Comparatively speaking, my ESTP friend makes bank but doesn't really think ahead or practically about it. He's also really generous but he can afford to be. 

My ENFJ friend is a crazy spender. Designer clothes, expensive dinners multiple times a week, fancy vacations, credit cards with frequent flyer miles so he can fly first class etc., he's in love with luxury. But he's good at making money as well so knows he has to work to get the standard of living he wants, but his standard of living will always increase depending on how much he has.  

INFJ I know is horrible with money and always stressed about, no idea where her money goes. ISFJs I know also tend to stress about money. I guess Te PoLR isn't all that great with it. Isn't it pretty typical in politics to attach an extreme and unsavory label to discredit a political purpose and decrease support for that individual? Racist, fascist, socialist, communist, etc., all bad things depending on where you are; so and so is conspiring with Russia (Clinton about Trump) or China (Trump about Clinton), politicians from both sides spin their opponents issues in extreme and false ways to make them look bad and to construe their intentions. Not necessarily Si-dom, but [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/46oilu/introverted_sensing/d07bx1u?context=3) has a lot of good anecdotes and comments from strong Si users, a few Si-doms included. IMO you get a better picture of how certain functions work when you ask aux-users as opposed to dominant users, especially Pi-doms like Si and Ni. Even Se and Ne, it's a lot clearer with aux-users since it's more of an 'active' process for them as opposed to a passive process. It's so hard to divorce oneself from the Pi-dom perspective and really see outside of it, it all happens unconsciously and passively so it's really hard to describe exactly what's going on or how to think without it. I think Si is good at predictions in general, the more familiar with the thing they are the better they are at predictions, generally of course.

What you say about Ni and Si seems pretty right. I think INFJs are more likely to just say "this seems wrong" or "this feels wrong" or whatever because of the lack of Te, I pretty much always make up some sort of logic or look for evidence for my conclusions even if my argument is pretty much garbage. I don't know how it works for ISFJs though, I don't know if something "tips off" their Si in a negative way if it just gives them a bad feeling, sets off an alarm or what. I know my ISFJ friends will often reference their own past experiences though for why something makes them uncomfortable or why they have particular concern (like maybe they had a bad past relationship). INxJs not so much. Ones own personal experiences don't carry much weight for an INXJ, Ni tries to be more moment-to-moment like Se, just more "beyond" and holistic about it. The problem is that the non-MBTI specific definition of "intuition" seems pretty informed by Si-Ne.&gt;It's just connecting themes? Does that mean that when I extract themes and connections for an English essay, I'm using Ni? Is everyone?

Not if you have to do it actively. Rmember that Ni is perception. If I'm doing something I've done before and I actively try and think,"okay, when have I done this before, how did it go, what is different about this time from last time, etc.", it doesn't necessarily mean I'm using Si as a passive perception function, I'm making myself to think that way. I think the "theme" focus of Ni in this discussion is spot on, another decent synonym would be "main idea," and of course the over-used 'big picture.' For an Ni-user it's what your brain automatically perceives, the first thing it does basically, and it's completely unintentional; there is no constructing, there is no putting stuff together, it just "is." It doesn't feel like a conclusion or something that was constructed, it feels obvious. Ni doesn't build to themes or build to the big picture, it's just a passive process of contextualizing or distilling. Sorry 😛   People often look for simplicity and concrete examples of the functions when they don't necessarily exist, so I have to distinguish when I see them. Wouldn't want anyone to read that discussion and think they have Ni because they look for themes and the main ideas behind things and don't have a hard time doing so, kinda like people assuming coming to decisions with "logic" is Ti. ISFP? You seem very chill, non-presumptuous, plus the observational focus. You also didn't really go that in depth about yourself though so it's just a guess based on what you've provided. The overall vibe is SFP/ISxP though.  I like to sit close to the front if it's a discussion based class. I will never fight with people for seats close to the front though, it's really not that important. In lecture halls where it really doesn't matter I sit closer to the back. I hate sitting in the middle and having people in my way when it's time to leave, I like to be able to come and go when I want. TJs pretty consistently have rbf, also suck at smiling in a way that looks genuine. Ehh I dunno, I think it depends a lot on the situation and the type of manipulation involved. I think all people are gullible in certain areas because we all have certain lapses and weak-points in our perception. IxFJs can be very astute at reading people but can also be pretty darn gullible and easy to swindle with displays of emotion and weakness. I've seen them go against common sense and their own best interest many times because the person "seemed genuine," "seemed like they were being honest," "needed help," "were in pain," etc.  It honestly kind of sucks because they have very pure intentions in situations like that. I don't have Fe so I don't get it, but they seem to almost be unable to help but over-empathize sometimes. What? ESTJ for ISTJ is the same degree of extreme mistype as ENFP for INFJ? ISTJ is a good typing for Emma Watson, that's what I'd go with for her. But you compared mistyping an ESTJ for an ISTJ to mistyping an INFJ for an ENFP, it's not congruous. It's like comparing arguments about shades of blue or a dark blue and a dark purple to someone confusing orange and green. Unnecessarily harsh imo. 

Celebritytypes blows, I think it's about 50/50 in terms of accuracy.  Fidel Castro as ENFP, 50 Cent as ISFJ, completely ridiculous. I feel like Latin America probably has some SFP cultures, I would probably type Brazil and Colombia as ESFP. Argentina I'd say ESTP. Not a lot of Te going on down there, I don't think I'd type any Latin American countries as TJ. Sounds normal to me, 6 fits well with INFP. I think 6w7 is more NFP though(the higher Ne) while 6w5 tends to be more STJ. I would suggest reading into the types a bit more to see which fits you best.But what if... I'm never happy 😐 

Hmmm I wonder if I naturally do the raised eyebrows thing or not. That seems to make sense. I'd like to be better at seeming genuinely present or engaged when people are talking to me, or at least feeling like what I'm trying to convey to others is what I'm actually conveying (like friendliness or whatever). 

STPs are really good at picking up on facial/physical cues in my experience, it freaks me out since I am totally unaware of my facial expressions or body language when I talk to other people. Even if I notice what I'm doing and I try and hide it, it's too late.

&gt;Try not to scowl at people ;p

Never!I agree with the STJ/NTJ difference, STJs look a bit stiffer, NTJs are more intense and active with their expressions. I think Se in general carries more active and exaggerated expressions, Si tends to be softer. I don't necessarily feel all that aware of my emotional expression but I guess when I think about it, I do communicate with exaggerated facial expressions to make a point. Ha! My natural smile IS crooked. Even when I talk I do a weird half smile, [a lot like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ce8kxrRgHFc) except less subtle. It's for similar reasons (well, sort of), I hate garnering too much attention or seeming too intense, but I don't want to seem flat either. 

&gt;Funnily enough this actually works. If you're only half amused give a half smile and let it fall off quickly. People can read that well (i can read that well) and it would encourage me to get a laugh out of you.

Okay cool, I definitely do this, I thought it might come off disinterested or even a bit cocky but I guess it's not that bad. Maybe it seems a bit too coy though.

&gt;Have you ever played poker? :)

Nope, I imagine I'd be absolutely terrible, at least at first. I'm not all that great at strategizing mentally and being careful about what I externalize at the same time. Although I think women tend to have a bit of an advantage when it comes to games like poker because it's very easy to play up and exaggerate ditzy-ness and confusion when you're a chick. Uhm that is VERY little to go off of, but I would wager your brother is probably on the Se-Ni axis if this is a common theme between you two and that outlook of his is typical, while you would be on the Ne-Si axis. His perspective is pretty black and white and singular, "we're not burglars, it was an honest mistake, we can easily explain our way out of this if the unlikely were to occur that someone would say something" while Si-Ne tends to catastrophize a lot more, especially if the Ne is lower. Prepare for and imagine the worst sort of thing. The worst but least likely outcome isn't typically on the mind of an Se-Ni user, not true for Si-Ne users. From the above I would guess ISFJ for OP. Not much to go off of though, but you're right, a lot of intense agonizing about potential awkwardness and social misunderstanding for an inferior Fe user. YES, she is ISTJ as hell, good example.Yeah fair point, the ISTPs I know will agonize A LOT about being embarrassed, but it's kind of in a silly way. I've never seen an ISTP get legit upset/worked up because of what people they didn't know might think of them, but INTPs might be a bit different though, they always kinda seem nervous for some reason.No visions in my head, settings or otherwise, don't even get a picture of what the characters look like. Hence why particular authors like Hemingway are a chore for me to read.Same here yo. Cant form a mental picture of people I see everyday, and if I do it's soooooo blurry. Wonder how strongly correlated this is to inferior sensing.Yesterday I half assed cleaned my apartment, went for a run, walked and listened to podcasts, watched some stuff on TV. Today I'm gonna go to the store, do homework, probably go out for dinner/drinks. Sunday I'll probably run and just do homework all day. Basically my favorite things to do in my spare time are listen to podcasts, watching something, go on Reddit. No sex parties for me.shhhh I ran the *whole time*I love his music! Seems like such a chill and earnest guy too. I would go with ISFJ. Oh wow I'm super jealous, I'd love to see him play, his music gives me all kinds of feels. 

Well I don't necessarily see Ni-doms as abstract, mostly perceiving things from a holistic perspective/bird's eye view. But the way he talks about himself and his life/his experiences and how it's shaped him and his style, the surreal quality and "worlds" he creates, plus the demeanor and lack of Ni overconfidence and Se-edge suggest Si user, perceiving an individualized depth in the sensory world. 'The Sociopath' -.- 86% Rational, 29% Extroverted, 86% Brutal, and 57% Arrogant
I have no idea how this would be accurate, eyebrow shape is genetic like eye color, it's not like specific eye colors belong to certain types. !!! I picked out a christmas tree that looks JUST like the INTJ one...really makes you think....Get a planner (online or paper), it's now your bible. First start by writing down the due dates, then break down the overall tasks projects into smaller tasks. Set dates for the smaller/intermediate tasks. I don't really know quite how "design" works, but I would guess if you have something due on a Friday maybe do preliminary sketching work on a Monday, do half on Tuesday, finish on Wednesday, touch up on Thursday, submit on Friday. Do that for everything you have due. When I'm really swamped with an amount of work that seems endless, I'll plan more meticulously, including downtime. For myself, I try and make sure I never stay up past 10pm doing work and that I get at least one full day/night off a week. Try not to overwhelm yourself but stay reasonably accountable, and if you need to, edit and make changes to the planner as the week progresses. Oh man, Ni and intuition in SPs, where do I even start with this.  I guess I'll just throw out a few points:

- I think the anxiety/'madness' that comes from Ni in ESTPs is not necessarily because of Ni, but because of a lack of Ni, or a discomfort with the perspective. Too much Ni-type perspective gives my ESTP friend major anxiety.

- Impulsiveness and inferior/low Ni: Again, I think it has to do with the failure to properly perceive (or care?) about the extensions and consequences of actions, because they don't exist at the time the decision is made. I've noticed SPs seem to like...not really be able to get truly excited about prospective or future things. When I think about a potential thing or future thing, I can *feel* it, it's real, I'm living in it, I can make decisions based on that vision or possibility; for SPs, it's like it's not real unless it's happening. And I think that also has a lot to do with the ~~stupid decisions~~  impulsive nature of SPs; a potential but not-currently-present opportunity/consequence is nothing. The negative of being firmly rooted in the present I suppose, only the present exists. It's a very logical perspective, but also a very silly one at the same time. 

-  When SP intuition is bad it tends to be very singularly fatalistic or singularly conspiratorial. For example, under stress an xSFP friend convinced he was going to die an alcoholic-drug addicted homeless person under a bridge, with that degree of specificity. 

- More comments about ESTP inferior Ni in general: not necessarily just related to inferior Ni but a quality of having Se before Ni, but I've noticed that Se/Ti tends to work in a very..."this logic is convenient for me now at this moment" sort of way, while Ni/Fe is more universally consistent. Hence why ESTPs are such good smooth talkers *in the moment*, but the longer you know one the more it's like, "yeah, you only said the *exact opposite thing* last time when it was convenient for you -.-" 
Yeah I sit next to an ESFJ in one of my classes and she is one of the most hardcore organized person I know,way more organized than me. She has like 10 different highlighters and everything is color-coded, and my ISFJ mom, everything she owns has a "home." Te = literal organization is a misunderstanding.You're welcome! I've always had a soft spot for SPs, the ying and yang between Se and Ni is an interesting point of discussion for me. I too have ISTJ eyebrows. Yes I think we should assign specific eye colors to specific types, everyone who doesn't match must get contacts or something so it's easy to identify everyone IRL. NFPs get purple, SFJs get blue, STJs get brown, NTJs get black, STPs get red, SFPs get green, NFJs get white, like creepy see-into-your soul white. You have to share yellow with the INTPs, sorry.

But actually, I do think it's possible to get an idea of someone's type by visual cues, such as the way they emote/body language, a picture of smiles or something by type would be useful. &gt;So a part of my theory is to address the possibilitity that what we describe as "gripping" is actually the inferior function taking resources away from teh dominant function to cope with a greater dimensionality.

I agree with this a lot actually, I'm not really big on the whole "grip" thing, but I see it more as, your functions are your way of understanding the world/navigating situations, when your dominant/aux and tert. functions fail you, you sort of decide,"fuck it, let's do/try/understand things this way"(seems a bit tainted by my inferior Se perspective), but you sort of suck at it since it's not your MO. 

&gt;but likewise i imagine my spatial awareness would reflect greater capacity of dominant Se comapred with inferior.

Oh for sure, SPs tend to see *everything*; walking around with an SP friend, I'll be rambling on some tangent and they'll point out or remark on a bunch of stuff going around us that I haven't even noticed. And you know there are a bunch of other capacity differences; but stuff that relies on moment-to-moment readings of people and the situation, Se will win out. 


&gt;Honestly Se is just a child holding a gun but the gun is Ni in my opinion!
I wanted to aske if, from your perspective, Ni is the child and Se is the gun?

Oh god, yeah you know I think there's something to that. Of course Se is a gun! It's the only thing that matters and yet I can't quite get a grasp on it, it's so easy to fuck up and the consequences are dire. All of the conceptualizing, calculating, directing, envisioning, etc., doesn't really matter if you can never actually live in the moment to appreciate it, or live in the moment to execute. I've missed out on a lot of good opportunities because I've been too stuck on a certain vision, and also fucked up some things cuz I couldn't properly navigate the now when the time came. Plus you know, I feel like there is a wealth of information Se users pick up on that I just completely miss.

Think that's why I like having SPs around though, there's a sort of reciprocal face-palming going on, but the judgment seems to be less harsh than the sort of shade/judgment that goes on between people of different perception axes. That sounds awesome! It's good to do this with celebrities, but celebrity typings are sometimes downright wrong or controversial (like on my life George Clooney isn't a freaking ENTJ, but good luck finding a source online that says otherwise), plus it's kind of difficult to get them in a candid mode.

 Sometimes when I'm talking to people about MBTI I'll do this with pictures of people I know to help get a visual of a type, but I'd never like, invade the privacy of my friends by posting a bunch of pictures of them online or whatever as an "INFJ face/smile" or an "ESTP face/smile."ooo very cool, thanks for sharing :DWhat do they mean by "not doing things out of curiosity?" Even though ISTPs are Ti-doms they'll do stuff just cuz, "to see what will happen" pretty frequently, they aren't the type to think through every single one of their actions in depth like that. 

"Everything must have a purpose" is a very IxTJ-ish thing to say. Plus Te-Se is not very interested in useless abstractions. Even the STPs I know will entertain non-practical 'what-if' ideas because they're interesting to them, NTJs tend to write stuff like that off immediately. Your friend is likely IxTJ, leaning INTJ but ISTJ seems equally plausible. Can't really relate to it. When I think about the past it's either,"that was good" or "that was bad," it's all sort of objective. I don't get any depth out of it at all, memories don't usually feel personalized to me. On the flip side, Si users tend to get this sort of blissful-cozy feeling when reflecting on good past stuff. I think I do the opposite of idealizing the past, I idealize a non-existent-but-potential future, and I kinda ignore or fail to appreciate the present. ENFP? INFP? I got strong Ne and Fi-Te. Haters man smhBe careful here, you're equating using analogies to introverted intuition and it's not what the person described in the post you linked. Your first example is just an analogy, and I'd agree with /u/Aurarus that the line of thinking of connecting a thing to a thing to a thing and playing around with it is more of an Ne thing. Either way, there is no way that just the ability to come up with analogies is based on a certain function. 

Regarding the post you linked, the poster said that he will have concepts or ideas in his head that he can't verbalize, and in order to attempt to verbalize an amorphous and wordless concept, he'll make up some sort of analogy to illustrate it because he can't put it into words otherwise.  Maybe you're also an Ni user ;) But tbh it sounds like a normal communication technique, I also do it frequently but if anything I'd guess it's attached to thought processes from the Pi functions, since they tend to be the most difficult to articulate.I also really enjoy Si-doms! I find them super easy to talk to, there really is a similar wiring there with the introverted perception-dom thing. 

I probably get along better with ISTJs, I don't think I've ever had a serious issue with any of my ISTJ friends, and when there is an issue we communicate and resolve the issue pretty seamlessly. I also respect how cautious and careful they can be in terms of evaluating ideas and evaluating themselves. My friendships with ISFJs are usually a bit bumpier, but I tend to have more *fun* with them, just talking and doing stuff. 

Understanding other people is just effort, maybe having similar functions makes it easier, but it's not going to be an end-all-be-all in terms of compatibility IMO. Plus there are just some things that typology can't touch. People can write article after article about duality and golden-pairs and perfect matches and that doesn't change the fact that I've never been attracted to or wanted to date an ExFP, even though I think they're awesome. I don't think there's anything crazy about an INFJ-ISTJ pair, I've had a bunch of cool ISFJ friends over the years and I find them pretty easy to vibe with. Plus I have a lot of respect/wonder for Si knowledge, I like that they go really in-depth into things and they appreciate memories with enthusiasm and it's really curious to me, so I like to listen. And they're strong in areas I consider total personal blindspots, so that's nice too. What? ENTJ? ENFP? Ya'll are crazy, he's Se-dom as hell. I'd guess ESFP. yep there you go. I went with ESFP over ESTP but Se-dom was most obvious, ESTP is totally believable, maybe a better fit.Ok so at least we agree on Se, that seems the most obvious. What makes you think inferior Fi and dom Te over dom Se and maybe tert Fe? Talked about Si-doms below, otherwise the only weird type I jive with is ESTP I guess, even though it's semi-duals in socionics. Either way it's typically a very turbulent but still fun love-hate thing.

Generally, idk with effort I think everyone can get along with every type? there are cool people and shitty people of every type etc etc. I've had two best friends who were ENFPs over the years, a bunch of ESFP friends...maybe kinda struggle with ENTPs when it gets "deeper," in terms of person to person stuff.

 You can really twist anything to work for you or not work for you typology wise, nothing is ever doomed to fail really.Pretty much every pair of shoes I own has sort of heel, besides exercise shoes and a pair of black flats. Never anything too crazy high or hard to walk with though, cuz I like to walk fast and I hate feeling constricted. I just like the way they look. 

&gt;How do people walk in them?

You just need to make sure you get the right size! And practice. A willingness to sacrifice comfort for style helps. :p I agree with you about Mr. Peanutbutter. I've only seen a few episodes of the show but the golden retriever is definitely ESFJ. Mom ISFJ, Dad ESTJ, sister INFJ, brother ESFP.HAHA well in that case I'll just leave it up to your imagination ;)It's common for people who get into something like typology *in general*, typology communities are filled people looking for some sort of distinguishment or elevation. Attributing it to certain function just compounds on the problem of staggering certain functions or attributing negative characteristics to certain types. There's an implicit "isn't the other group so great" applied to the types who apparently *don't* have whatever negative quality you're attributing to other types. It's the same exact thing, just under a different veil. 

Circlejerking about how you're so much smarter than everyone else, or logical, or objective, or better at reading/understanding people, or sensitive and impossible to understand, just with the language of an external system so you can pretend it's not *you specifically who is so great at these things*, but just a larger positive quality of XXXX type in general...righttt. It's all the same thing, people just like to get off about their own supposed strengths, whatever they perceive them to be. Every type does it, SPs,FJs, NTPs etc. aren't immune [although it doesn't seem to be so common with self-identifying SJs in MBTI communities because SJs are the ~old school close-minded traditionalists~ constantly getting shit on. If you want to talk with a bunch of other people about how great you all are, identifying as an SJ in an MBTI community isn't the way to go.]

Typology is rampant with narcissism, and it's better attributed to immaturity or a lack of self-esteem than certain functions.I rarely get something other than INTJ on the tests, but that's because the way I answer questions is already pretty well informed by all of this stuff so it's to be expected. Maybe I'll get ENTJ sometimes. Having people type me through conversations, I usually get NTJ, sometimes ENFJ or ESFP but I think it's because I'm a bit cheery. I like that idea! The best costumes are the ones where you can just add something to pieces you already have. I was a witch :DOh this is cool. I put in a few different pieces of writing material and it was surprisingly consistent across the board, even for the big 5 factors. I have a 30 y/o mind, my mind is 99% masculine, and I only have 51% leadership potential D: Also got INTP every time. 

Edit: Actually some of my reddit comments give me INTJ and my horrible painstaking legal writing gives me ISTJ. Still super fun :DI was thinking about this yesterday. In a very general sense, sensors naturally work inductively (observation first, then broad) and intuitives work deductively (idea first, then specific). I understand why people associate Ti with inductive reasoning (the "why" element) but imo, but I think actually describes how having a sensing function before an intuitive one works. Observe/'see' first, conclude after. Well, there is a reason "the scientist" is such a good descriptive label for ISTJ.Yeah I put in writings from people of a variety of different types (INFJ, INFP, ISFJ, ISTJ) and they turned out INTP, so it definitely skews that way. An INFP even put a poem in and that came out INTP too, so I'm sure there's something wonky with the algorithm. 

[If you're interested, this is very similar](https://personality-insights-livedemo.mybluemix.net/), it doesn't suggest a type but it's still fun anyway. I kind of ramble a lot here and it's not really directed at you since you probably know all of this already, just to better articulate the point I was trying to make;

In OP's blurb he described, for reference:

&gt;I recently realised that I would induce something from the observations that I make and test these "theories" or "hypotheses" in different scenarios to know if they are true or can be applied.

Which isn't an isolated inductive or deductive reasoning thought process. The attempt was to be more general in scope. The perception functions don't conclude, but by nature the intuitive functions *extend* beyond what is literally there. I wanted to illustrate the data--&gt;up for sensing and conceptualization--&gt;ground for intuitive functions, not necessarily the way one comes to a decision. Either way, isn't the crux of intuition that it involves a lack of data?

A distinction from the larger point I attempted to make, is that Te and Ti are *analytical thought processes*, and it's important not to conflate the "factual" orientation of Te with the "data" focus of sensing functions. Ti breaks down, Te builds up *when they are analyzing something.* So if we're trying to figure out, say, if Jane stole the cookie or whatever, a Ti user will start from that premise "Jane stole the cookie" and then break it down into ad infinitum as Ti tends to do, in order to evaluate it's accuracy. A Te user will instead use facts, "Jane didn't eat dinner" or something like that, to build *up* to the conclusion, in order to evaluate the accuracy of same initial premise, if they even care to; a Te user might just take it as fact that Jane didn't eat dinner and not even care to think more about it, *unless* perhaps they were hit with some factual inaccuracies that tipped them off, like Jane has said multiple times that she hates cookies or whatever. An ISTP still has a "data" perception orientation but a Ti deductive thought process. 

I think people conflate Ni and Ti a lot because the descriptions are similar, both start with an idea of a "large conclusion," but Ni just *perceives* the larger conclusion, Ti after being presented with a "larger conclusion" breaks it down for accuracy. Definitely sounds SJ, doesn't seem to be much contradiction here at all in that regard. Out of all of them ESFJ is probably the least likely since there isn't a lot that suggets Fe. I'd guess an STJ, though ISFJ isn't impossible. &gt; You seem to be defining "data" in terms of what that is for the sensing function.

Yes, that's definitely what I'm doing. I've been around SPs/SJs a lot recently and I wanted to articulate a difference I noticed between the processing and contextualizing that goes on between us in an immediate/day-to-day sense, especially in terms of perception. Mainly, that they are so cognizant of the sensory data they gather, and because they are so cognizant of the data it carries over into the judging functions, but I kinda failed at properly wording it. And I've also been short on time and haven't had time to get the proper words out D:

Anyway, I definitely see why that characterization of Ni not needing/not considering data is annoying because it's a step away from just characterizing the function as made up nonsense. Ohhhh interesting, so you think it has something to do with consistency in style?

&gt;Getting xxFx can be hard because there may be a determined number of required "emotional" words (defining what an emotional word is can be a problem too).

yeah see this is tough, I wonder what words they used to characterize those things. That's also a bit tricky since most feelers don't usually communicate with words like "love" all the time.

&gt; also noticed that you get ISTJ when you put formal (orderly?) because, you know stereotypes... Again I'm no expert but I think I'm not that far from the truth hehe

Oh for sure, I spent HOURS making sure that piece I wrote was extremely bland, consistent, and predictably structured. It wasn't like my normal writing style at all. Getting ISTJ on that was actually quite affirming :DI'd vote ISFJ then.I don't understand. This is kind of giving me a headache tbh. I don't actively dislike INTJs, for the most part I get along with other INTJs super well. But when I do meet an INTJ I dislike or an INTJ I know gets on my nerves, the amount of dislike is astronomical. I *cannot stand them*.  Exactly. It's also circular logic, if ISTJs have close minded values then you won't identify someone who doesn't have 'close minded values' as an ISTJ. The stereotype becomes self-affirming. I've had a bunch of ISTJ friends over the years, INTJs and ISTJs have a good deal of similarities. We have Te and Fi in the same position so we tend to naturally value and place weight on the same things. My friendships with ISTJs have always been easy. I wouldn't say there is the sort of magnetic ying and yang feeling I tend to get with SPs, but overall I think ISTJs are pretty great. Hmmm sounds like he has Fe tbh. I would guess ESTP maybe?yep, same exact thought when I read it. Lots of links to dom-Si, inferior Ne, and aux Fe. I don't know him so definitely take it with a grain of salt. I don't think ExFP is impossible, just a few things seem more Fe than Fi. It might even be worth it for you to consider ExFJ. 

What's interesting is you say he's in his head about exercise which sounds more of a Si thing and a bit unaware, but also he's an athlete so I suppose there is a bit of relativity there. I've heard other STPs talk about SJs like that when it comes to athletics, for example. But throw in an NJ or an NP there and the degree of athleticism is like ridiculously low. 

&gt; He says he always checks with himself. Like you okay today... How are you feeling... you made it through another day.

That's interesting, I definitely don't do that as an Fi user, not sure what function that would be indicative of. Fi is just dealing with the feeling realm in a personalized and individually subjective way. No two people and feelings are the same, that sort of thing. 

Anyway, these are some Fe-ish things:

&gt;he is weirded out by people who like to express themselves in kind of unique ways. 

As you can probably gather by the way I described Fi that this would suggest Fe a bit more than Fi. Not that Fi users can't be judgemental or anything but stonger Fi users do tend to be a bit more tolerant of people expressing themselves authentically, unless they think the person is just doing it for attention (and therefore not being authentic.) ESTPs especially in my experience have *very* little patience for weirdness (ENFJs too). 

&gt;maybe he has... one time we were at the mall and there was a celebrity there. He was more worried about the guy being bored signing autographs. He wanted to entertain him or make the celebrity person feel better. I was actually kind of impressed by it.

Also sounds like a Fe thing, as does this:

&gt;Really quick at reading between the lines. Like when I'm being passive aggressive. He picks up on it quick and confronts me.
&gt;VERY affectionate. Likes to touch and be touched. Says endearments and shows emotions a lot. Gets grumpy when I don't say I love you back. Picks up my moods easily.

What might be easier is to think about his vibe? Like if you can think about a celebrity with a personality sort of like his. So for ESTP, think like George Clooney, look at the way George Clooney mimics people in interviews and is good at reading the interviewer (Se-Fe). Contrast with say, Bill Clinton (ESFP). For ENFPs, it can be sort of tough because the best famous ENFPs that jump out to me are Ellen Degeneres and Danielle Radcliff. Not all ENFPs are as happy go lucky as Ellen though,ENFPs can be pretty cynical and critical (as can INFPs) a la Mark Twain. 

Hope that helps :D Mmmm not really enough, this is a collection of surface level descriptions and adjectives, doesn't really give much to go off of  type wise beyond probably some XXXJ type. I can think of a few people I know who would fit this general description, their types are: ISTJ, ISFJ, ENFJ, INTJ, INFJ. MBTI gets tricky because people end up typing based on 'whats' instead of 'whys'. If you haven't read about the cognitive functions yet, take a look on the sidebar. The point of the system is to identify natural patterns of cognition. Although hobbies and interests can be helpful, it's often not dispositive of certain types, and tend to involve a lot of stereotyping. All J types are prone to perfectionism, you could even argue that INTPs are perfectionistic in the way they mentally evaluate and explain things, but for some reason INXJs get the "perfectionist" label most of all, even though dominant intuition leads to a lot of estimating and ignoring details.  It's more important to go into the mental processes behind things. We want "behind the scenes," not just the scene itself. If we're going to go off the above list, it might be helpful to include:

-why does this person like school? What about school do they like? What don't they like? What is the purpose of school for this person? 

-in what way is this person a perfectionist? 

-what does this person consider 'stupid'?

-Subjective vs objective standards of beauty can be helpful in terms of figuring out the sensing function; do they dress for self expression or just to be seen a certain way? 

-How does this person evaluate information and come to conclusions? Are they skeptical, do they rely on their own experiences versus general conceptions, etc. 

Etc. 

Also, a [couple questionnaires like this](https://www.reddit.com/r/my_mbti_type/comments/5ctq0o/type_me_please/) floating around that you might want to fill out, can be helpful. Not very common, INTJs aren't all that frequently in fiction and when they are, they're usually: 1) men and 2)bad guys. On top of that, INTJs are usually mistaken for more commonly portrayed types, like ISTP or ISTJ. 

Probably the 'best' INTJ females I've seen in fiction are from TV, Claire from House of Cards and Bedalia in Hannibal. Movie wise, I would go with Amy from Gone Girl and Clarice from Silence of the Lambs. I don't watch many movies though tbh. I know Jodi Foster tends to play INTx women and Eva Green tends to play NTJ women, that might help.Eh dunno, all of those things you discussed are far more indicative of high extraverted sensing than high extraverted feeling. Especially since he had a really hard time with making informed decisions about his future, indulged pretty obsessively in sensory pleasures to his detriment, and was very shallow about aesthetics. I'd lean SFP, probably textbook SFP 4. That's a good point, but generally someone's dominant function is just what they use the *most*, it's not really based on how 'well-used' the function is. That has more to do with judging the merits of a person's decision-making, which in turn involves maturity and intelligence more so than someone's default function stack. Having high Se doesn't automatically mean someone is going to be doomed to a lifetime of instability, but it also doesn't mean they automatically become healthy and stable. That has a lot more to do with maturity than it has to do with how strongly the person uses the function. Since Lord Byron's *entire life* is marked by dramatic excess, he was described even as a child as not understanding the concept of moderation, weaker Ni and stronger Se sounds like a much better bet. There's also very little evidence he gave a shit about what anyone felt or thought besides himself *ever*, which seems pretty off for ENFJ. He seemed far more concerned with his own inner emotional world. Even the way he treated his charitable/humanitarian/political causes reaks of more of an internal "this aligns with what I believe, let me make this about myself" than an Fe "that is unfair/wrong/unjust." He kinda reminds me of an 18th century Kanye tbh. 

I agree that ESTP is implausible, though. I've seen STPs in fits of random melodrama but not like a constant lifetime of ~emotional passion~ like Byron was dealing with. I think ENFJ is more likely than STP or INFJ, I'd still place my bets on SFP enneagram 4. Yeah I see what you mean, "abstract" as in non-present and somewhat convoluted. Maybe indirect and amorphous is a better word. Even though the "Si-library" type thing Si has going on is related to concrete experiences, from the outside you really have no idea where it's coming from and you can't see the connections being made. Super individualized. And since it's introverted perception, I suppose the Si users themselves can't really quite 'trace' or 'control' where it comes from. Yea agreed same with Arnold, INTP fits them. He is literally stone cold and unemotional, ENFJ doesn't work at all. Even when he's disagreeing he's very clinical about it. Dolores ISFJ, William was tough to type, I guessed xSFP maybe? such a turn around to MiB. Maeve seemed ENFJ with her constant in-tune-ness to other people's feelings and intentions/ability to manipulate/etc. but ESTP isn't crazy. I would also say INTP for Bernard and what we know about Arnold esp if Bernard is based after him, Bernard especially doesn't seem Fe-dom at all. Logan is like quintessential bare-boned super ESTP. Teresa was def some sort of TJ. I can't type Felix he doesn't really talk much but INFJ seems off, I can't imagine an INFJ not going on some sort of rant about how it is either right or wrong to partake in Westword or at least conceptualizing it. He just kinda silently acted in a huge way. I would say some IXXP. Otherwise everything looks good, Ford is def NTJ. Perfume shopping is actually really fun. It's not something I do regularly, but when someone gifts me a perfume I don't like (every time anyone has ever gifted me perfume) and I can return it for something I do like, I go all out with research. I know what scent notes work for me and which ones don't so that point's me in the right direction. I can't just go to a store and smell 20+ perfumes, gives me a headache. Super floral stuff especially makes me woozy and just doesn't work for me and my style, so I know to avoid those kinds of scents. I have one that is kinda like my signature scent, it's sweet but it has a bit of a kick to it and it isn't that strong. I have one that I wear that is more of a nighttime/going out scent. I'd like to add more to my collection but I'm really picky. Ooo yeah for sure, I'm pretty late to the Death Note train and watched it for the first time a few months ago, the totally opposite yet complementary way L and Light think has a lot to do with why their 'cat and mouse' relationship is so interesting. I also liked the L and Near dichotomy, where L wanted to be 100% sure of Light's identity and wanted to account and eliminate all other possibilities while Near was just like "nah it's totally that guy, has to be, and that's enough for me." 

Typing fictional characters is rarely a clear cut thing since they aren't real and often the characters are just meant to further a larger story, but I think Light and L are great examples of their respective types. L especially is a great INTP, all of his little monologues just scream Ti-Ne. The more specific and rigorous 'theories' tend to be the easier it is to get lost in the details and miss the overall point. It's amazing how hyper-systematizing reality actually detracts and misconstrues reality. When it comes to socionics/MBTI especially, holistic works much better than rigidily looking at every little piece, the big problem being especially that if you adopt a more nearsighted scope you're working with *a lot* more data and it's hard to value everything equally. But of course as Ni-dom I tend to keep everything general and nonspecific anyway. If ISTP doesn't seem right maybe look into ISTJ? Look at the sidebar for some descriptions of Te-Fi vs Ti-Fe, should be an obvious departure point. They're very different types but on the surface and description wise can seem very similar. I think an ISTx type is the best bet though. My INFP friend is *kinda* like that, but it's more of like a weird duty-thing and something he does out of...guilt almost? Ingrained expectations from an authority source (his parents in my friend's case). He did end up picking a career that was more 'lucrative' than his original plan (being a teacher) but still ensured that he'd feel emotionally content with his day job. He does get really excited about the job growth/career prospects of the field, but it seems more like a rationalization for why it's okay to 'follow his heart' since the career choice is also 'practical.' Eh dunno, everything he said he remembered well could easily be Si. There's also some evidence for Te in there, step-by-step lack of deviation is also an Si-Te. ISTJ really isn't that crazy. Plus the conflict avoidance, I guess I would need more details but even enneagram 9w8 ISTPs can be very in your face when it comes to conflict. There wasn't much depth in the post but it really just seems like an introverted ST type. Exactly. What sensors don't seem to understand is that intuitives actually use the data we get from our 5 senses to come to **conclusions** and **think things.** It's probably really hard for them to even conceive, since all SPs can think about is what is right in front of them "white wall, grey couch, etc." and all SJs can do is compare present sensory data to past data, "past white wall, past grey couch." Literally the only reason people type anyone remotely successful as a sensor is because of SJWs and our overly PC culture. Well, ISTPs have pretty strong intuition for a sensing type, they aren't dominant sensors but dominant thinkers, so the 'range' between sensing and intuition isn't all that exaggerated for an ISTP. An ISTP might be just as "in tune" to the concrete data as they are the "larger themes"/natural progressions that arise from that data, while a dominant extraverted sensing type (ESxP) is a bit more short sighted. 

Just to clarify some common misconceptions, ISTJs tend to follow their own "traditions" in whatever way makes sense to them from their own individualized experiences and positive or negative associations, it isn't just being spoon fed "this is what we do" and leaving it at that.

Both sensors and intuitives have positive relationships with concrete and abstract things, life is made up of both aspects and you can't fully appreciate one without the other. It's not really about what you "like" but where you naturally put cognitive weight. Sensors like to speculate and read up on underlying theories about whatever, intuitives like to draw, paint, exercise,build things, etc., but that has nothing to do with your immediate and natural method of processing information. A sensing type will put more "weight" on concrete things, such what presently exists in one's environment and might be a bit wary about making decisions based on future projections and even have some paranoia about it; example, fear of 'something happening' that will render them without money so they need to acquire more, etc. Hence the SJ stereotype of wanting "security." Intuitives are far more speculative and more comfortable riding waves of what is "going" to happen. They'll think and 'conceive' of a possibility or the "main idea" before they *literally* look. What are the *actual chances of some catastrophe happening that will render me without money? .001%, so why worry?It's more of like, his dad is always stressing those things so he feels like he *should* stress those things even though it's antithetical to his nature and what he actually cares about, and then he gets all Fi-Si loopy about what he *wants* and who he is and what he's *supposed* to do. Prioritizing those things causes him a lot of angst. Overall I think it's more likely higher Je if it's something the person just naturally thinks is important and is comfortable basing his life on those external markers of security. Genetic counselor. He has a degree in science and wanted to be a science teacher,tried teaching a bit and got disillusioned about the bureaucracy in education. No interest in medicine, he said not enough time actually working with people and building relationships. Ended up trying out a gig working for a genetic counselor and he totally loved it, he likes that he can help people with high-intensity emotional issues and plus there is still the educational component of relaying complex genetic issues to laypeople. Plus it's a pretty high demand field so he likes the mobility aspect. It's a good job for him and I think it demonstrates a lot of self-awareness that he chose it. Yes 100%, it's a good comparison point for ENTJ-INTJ-INTP thought processes actually. Oh yeah forgot about him. I kinda questioned his type a bit but ENTP does fit best. I guess the only thing about Ryuk is he's sort of a passive observer/occasional trouble causer in the show, he's not actively scheming extensively like everyone else, so it's hard to say he's a 'great example of an ENTP thought process,' especially compared to the other characters. Death Note is one of the only TV shows where the protagonists are actually almost all NTs. Eh no, I don't find Ne exhausting at all, to the contrary. My favorite people to just sit down and talk to for *hours* are Ne-doms. My ENFP friend and I actually have a hard time ending conversations. I'm talking like, get together at 6, end up talking each other's ears off until 3 in the morning, texting each other 5 paragraph essays... I've had 4 good ENP friends over the years and all of the relationships have that quality. 

The only "exhausting" qualities Ne-doms have is the super extroversion, the Ne-doms i know are extroverted as hell and it's a bit of a lifestyle difference. &gt;I feel like they could potentially be a problem with 'logical' arguments between them.  I could see Te types getting frustrated with Ti types thinking/analyzing things they see as unimportant and similarly I could see Ti types think are blurting their thoughts too quickly without realizing what they're saying may not be fully correct.

Yeah you're not wrong. The only thing is that it doesn't really get "scary," maybe if you're an outsider. Those sort of conversations between TJs and TPs very rarely get taken personally. NTPs are a lot more chill, but I've been in very heated discussions with ESTPs (I think it's easy for two Se users to rile each other up x_x) where people are begging us to stop fighting. But even if we are at each other's throats one minute it's totally back to normal and fine the next. 

The biggest issue I have with Ti is when it feel the need to consider and give mental weight to things that are either 1) super factually implausible or 2) super irrelevant. I can listen and entertain for a while and then Te just comes out and I get kinda mean, the ideas/arguments just seem really dumb and start to annoy me. What is worth considering to a Te user isn't what is interesting but what is most likely right. 

When it does get "bad" and things do get taken personally and both people are frustrated, I think both the TJ and the TP think the other is being stupid, with the Ti user leaning more towards the Te user being close minded. 

Truthfully probably about 50% of the time when I shut off the Te "wrong" buzzer I'm glad I do though, it's a good thing to question the premises you're given. &gt; Now, granted, I don't think everyone is like this, but I have known a Ti user who would harp over his debate opponent's logical errors but couldn't tell when they were inconsequential.

This drives me crazy whenever it turns into an 'iamverysmart' thing, when the person feels the need to constantly label logical fallacies. It's kind of like breaking down an argument lite, as if the person doesn't actually care to understand/process/consider the overall argument so all they can do is be nitpicky. Tbh I don't notice it all that frequently in strong Ti users. 

&gt;Second, I was going to say good on you for occasionally silencing your Te "you're wrong!" buzzer. I have known others who see points of disagreement and dismiss them as someone else being incompetent. It can be a pretty closed-minded stance.

I'm pretty open minded when it comes to new perspectives on things, but where I have a hard time is when basic factual stuff gets unnecessarily questioned or taken too far.Like "what if the earth is actually flat and there is a giant conspiracy to cover it up" or "the president is a reptilian," that kind of stuff I don't have patience for. Even if the people don't actually believe it and they're just *considering it* because it's fun to think about I guess? Still drives me crazy. Listening to a conversation about stuff like that go on longer than 5 minutes I just kinda lose it.Will and Hannibal in the TV show Hannibal. Also pretty good example of the supervisor-supervisee relationship, Hannibal supervises the fuck out of Will. Oh interesting I always typed Laurel as INFP, seems really quiet and contained plus pretty Fi-ish. Definitely agree about Annalise as ENTJ though.Yeah what I love (ok love sometimes) about strong Ti is that it *always* considers, even if it's just something really silly that should have an obvious answer. Where I will just be like "no" they will say, "I don't think..." or "maybe." Probably also a facet of the low Je. I think out of all of the TPs I've had the least experience with what you've described with ESTPs, but I think it's probably my own frustration with the inferior intuition. Their perspectives and little Ti formula webs can seem really black and white and void of nuance.

&gt;Efficiency goes out the window? Or the rambling becomes nonsensical after the 5th minute? :P

No, I start getting agitated and super argumentative x_x. Start breaking everything down about why it is wrong/stupid/impossible and on top of that irrelevant. I feel kinda bad because the ISTP and INFJ I know will go on some Ti 'what if' thought processes to me that just seem so silly and it takes a lot of effort not to be harsh. It's not personal it's just like,"no, not everything is not fucking Illuminati imagery JFC." Te is a lot "faster" and obviously more quick to judge/reject than Ti and I think too much "ok please stop everything is wrong, stop talking, here are 800 million facts/points/reasons why that is wrong and I'm not even going to let you get a word in" can hurt the Fe a bit. D: Idk why it's just hard to stop myself sometimes, there's just a wrongness threshold and once it gets crossed I just *gotta argue.* 
Really interesting reading of that first scene, I never thought much of it but it makes sense. It's been a long time since I've seen the show but I will definitely keep this in mind next time I watch it, but this all makes a lot of sense. Definitely agree about Frank as STP. yoooo she gives me major ESFJ vibes too, glad I'm not the only one who got that. I wear a lot of dark colors, mostly black/navy/maroon, olive sometimes, nothing too bright or eye catching. Either skinny jeans/cigarette pants/a skirt, a black top and a nice pair of shoes, usually with some sort of heel. I like to accessorize with necklaces or scarfs but that's about as far as it goes, I try to keep it simple. It's impossible to do anything with my hair so it's either just down or in a loose bun. Erm no, intuition doesn't have anything to do with a resonation of one's sense of self.There isn't enough information here to say one way or the other. Hating arbitrary rules, being independent, etc., pretty much everything listed under INTJ could go both ways. Also bingeing during stress (not just food but binge like behavior) is not a good marker for inferior Se at all, it's very widely touted but something that is very common in humans in general and even goes well in line with a disintegration to enneagram 3 from enneagram 6 (common STJ/SJ enneagram type).  In order to differentiate between the two, you should watch or read some Michael Pierce, both his INTJ and ISTJ descriptions are very good. [INTJ video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=km7ga7HON20) and [ISTJ transcribed](http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2014/10/pierce-presents-istj/), you can find the ones for the other types from both of those links. 

Another thing that might be helpful is to fill out a questionnaire and post it so people can see a bit more of how your mind works, it's a lot easier to type someone like that as opposed to just bullet point surface level descriptions. [Here is a link to a questionnaire](https://www.reddit.com/r/Enneagram/comments/5hgcou/a_new_enneatype_questionnaire_by_nights_queen/) and [another one](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5lej8y/type_me_plz/). I think he seems ISTP, or at least you're already pretty sure he is ISTP and nothing here really contradicts that. Even though ISTPs have inferior Fe it's pretty visible, all types with Fe-Ti have an external warmth that sneaks through, even if it's an inferior function. The ISTPs I've known are usually very good at being socially appropriate (when they want to be) even if it isn't their strength and they wouldn't be able to keep it up very long. I worked with an ISTP who dealt with a lot of grief-stricken people and he always handled it very appropriately and with the right amount of compassion, he wasn't great at long extended emotional issues but he was better at talking to upset people than me. 

He also sounds [enneagram 9](https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/type-9/) which is a common enneagram type for ISTPs, it would also fit in with his very tumultuous upbringing and might account for the bit of softness you're attributing to him. I think Te-Fi anger is just differently expressed, maybe more easily expressed in an immediate sense, than Ti-Fe anger. Also I think Ti-Fe users tend to take a lot of heated emotional expressions as anger when it's more of like...passion I guess? Te isn't really concerned with creating a "positive emotional mood," so it might not be so concerned with conceptions of emulating negative emotions/vibes, anger being one. For example if I'm exposed to say extreme ignorance, I'll get annoyed and sound annoyed or angry when I'm talking about it, i rarely think about controlling my emotional expressions too much, nor am I aware of how that can impact others. If something annoys me 9/10 times I just say it. Another example, the other day I was carrying something heavy and it was hurting my shoulder so I ask my XXTP to carry it for me. I guess I sounded really annoyed/angry about it cuz he immediately asked me why I was mad at him over it. I wasn't mad at him, I was mad cuz my shoulder hurt, and I didn't think about how an aggravated tone would be perceived/effect him. A Ti-Fe user (or just not a TJ) would have probably been more cognizant of asking politely or something.

Generally, emotional expressions are rarely personal for a Te-Fi type unless they are directly personal. And sometimes it feels more important to express your own emotions (anger in this case) than to worry about how your own emotions might affect others. Hence why Fe types (generally) tend more towards a passive aggressive approach while Fi types tend more towards over harshness. I care, wouldn't say it's high emphasis but I definitely care. Also am enneagram 3 though so. I think it's more of a NTJ thing than an NTP thing, probably cuz of the Se. Even the extremely high powered ENTP lawyers I know manage to look a bit silly and out of place a suit.&gt;It's passion fueled anger in a passionless environment

That's a very alpha quadra thing to say. :D Even from others I like affected speech/flare/passion, unless it's being taken too personally and it's a defensive thing. Lively debate I guess is what I like. Someone just getting worked up about a thing that doesn't have to do with me doesn't really affect me at all. 

Yeahhhh Fe PoLR isn't helping much :p Maybe ETJs are a bit more cognizant of or more concerned with preserving the emotional mood, not sure. But I think INTJs are more likely to act/talk without thinking so they probably get the Fe PoLR 'rudeness' while ISTJs tend to be a bit more cognizant of their immediate environment but fester more/be more stubborn with the Fe issues. ESFP probably. Try writing it down. When communicating with others try and keep it simple, my best advice for an IxTP. "I feel happy" or "I feel sad" and then go from there. It definitely does take practice. Having someone who knows you well who can make a lot of inferences and not take what you say too literally/personally helps a lot too. It's a combo of finding the right person and being forthcoming about yourself at a factual level. I've noticed a few IxTPs feeling very similar to the way you articulated in this post and I think it's like a cycle where the more you "fail" at expressing yourself the less likely you are to share and it compounds on itself.  So just start slow (like factual details about yourself/your life, good/bad) and things will flow from there. Also, try not to trivialize or over dissect your emotions and *never* beat yourself up for feeling them (I see this a lot in STP dudes especially but it's still important to include). Oh I have an ENFJ and ENTP friend!!! Outsiders perspective. 

They love each other, have a lot of fun together and are really active in conversation. The conversation is very dynamic. The ENFJ pretty much "controls" the conversation, teases the ENTP a lot, patronizes him a bit but the ENTP loves it.  ENFJ calls out the ENTP on his flighty ness while the ENTP sort of relaxes the ENFJ and brings him back to earth, the ENFJ responds well to the ENTP's way of breaking down his BS even though he's usually intolerant of that in others. ENFJ teases the ENTP on his constant "but what if...?"ness. 

 The ENTP calls the ENFJ out a lot on his dramaticisms: "Oh really, you almost died on your walk home? Is that what happened?" or "Oh, that guy is the love of your life, is he now? I think you're just in love with love." The energy is a lot more chill between an ENTP and an ENFJ than an ENFJ and an ESTP IMO, ENFJ and ESTP tend to rile each other up wayyy too much while an ENTP and an ENFJ have an energetic and fun vibe but it isn't as intense and crazy. They party together a lot and are really fun to hang out with. 100% about Fe, it always surprises me how that quality of Fe gets completely ignored in MBTI communities. Just to simplify it, the extraverted judging functions are simpler more 'objectively perceived' views of right and wrong, while the introverted judging functions skew towards more complex and independently derived judgments. The whole 'extremely pushy about moral right and wrong' stereotype with Fi just isn't correct, Fi skews more towards each person having their own individualized judgments; if it's from an Fi user it would be more accurately described as poor Te IMO. Idk I don't really have a creative process or anything like that, I'm pretty void of creativity, but if I need to work on something like a paper and I need a good thesis I tend to load up on data/stimulus about the topic, ruminate on it for a bit, and wait for something to come to me. Ideas and conceptions definitely pop up randomly/suddenly, I don't feel like I ever really work linearly to something or an idea (as I imagine strong Ti would) but I do need to 'feed' my brain with stuff in order to get something good out of it. Yeah the whole ENTP grin/smirk is totally overblown. At the most generous it's an ExTP thing. STPs are more so concerned with looking cool than NTPs and tend to do the 'default picture/expression smirk' all the time. ENTPs emote in a far more genuine and less contrived way, while I could create an entire montage of pictures of my ESTP friend smirking. Hell, the only emoji he uses is the smirk emoji. ohhh yeah for sure. When ENTPs are being argumentative/contrarian especially they get this little elfish grin, very transparent emoters. Overall the MBTI community needs to recalibrate some of its stereotypes. The ENTP bad-boy thing is off. I think it depends a lot on your own perspective, I'm way too unobservant to type by mannerisms but the SPs I know who are into MBTI tend to pick up on a lot of visual cues and consistencies between types. HA yeah I'm the same way, I can't even tell the difference between Amy Adams and Isla Fisher. While my SP is watching a play like "ugh that actor is such an ESFJ it's ruining the show for me."&gt; He doesn't do the devil's advocate thing, he argues his pov only. And if you don't agree you're stupid

Not OP but this is a total ESTP thing, my ESTP friend is just like that. Either you're with him or you're a fucking idiot. I think all of what you said sounds pretty ESTP-ish, dunno if any of the ones i know just argue with themselves like that but one ESTP i know argues with people 24/7 on twitter so maybe your dad needs some more IRL outlets. ISFP.
Te and Se. With dominant Te ENTJs are primarily factual, objective and logical, whilst INTJs are primarily speculative and interpretive. Tertiary Se also gives ENTJs a penchant for detail and realism in their thinking, which also makes them seem more grounded than INTJs. 

They can both be very theoretical, but ENTJs are more scientific and purposeful in their theory; see Milton Friedman or Aristotle; Whilst INTJs tend to be more comprehensive and ideological; see Ayn Rand or Frederich Nietzsche.I don think that ENTJs are necessarily less theoretical or abstract, but as you said 'interesting' isnt enough. ENTJs can be very abstract and 'head in the clouds', but there has to be some driving purpose behind it. And ENTJ who's driving purpose was scientific discovery could easily be as abstract and theoretical as any NT.I'd say so. He is definitely an xNTJ, and his high level of activity, writing/speaking style, and general emphasis on concrete predictive analysis seems to suggest ENTJ. He also lacks the tertiary Fi 'bite' of INTJs in debate. 

He is one of several ENTJ academics who I would argue are frequently mis-typed due to the assumption that all thinkers ever must be INTP or INTJSounds pretty xNFP. Definitely Fi. Could be ESFP though. Definitely high Fi. Seems to have a touch of Ne as well it is not as forceful or 'complete' as Ni driven arguments tend to be. Im going to say ENFP just because the Fi is very visible but also sort of overt whilst dominant functions tend to just blend like Ne here.
As an ENTJ I really relate to DCI John Luther, from the BBC's 'Luther'. Luther strikes me as a depressive and social introverted ENTJ which is different from most portrayals but I think he really shows the better side of inferior Fi; he has a strong moral 'quest' and completely suppresses his own feelings and difficulties in pursuit of this. His Ni understanding of the world and people is also very relatable as an ENTJ, as other typical ENTJ characters dont tend to show this as much. 

Except dominant Te is based on using factual empirical thinking to guide everyday life and actions favouring objective decision making over personal belief or understanding. Te doms at least can certainly be introverted socially.
Leaping in without planning is not an ENTJ trait. This seems more like an Se dominant enjoying the honest competitive game for what it is. The tactics you described are almost the complete opposite of each other, but ENTJs still rely on Te and Ni just flipped around so it seems odd that the two types would adopt such vastly different approaches. Though its more likely the strategies have nothing to do with their types. Lana and Mallory strike me as ESTJs. I don't see much Ni in either of them. But I see a lot of Si.Its all about Si. estjs use it strongly whilst entjs almost utterly disavow it. The entj will generally not be as diligent at self upkeep and will have little desire for routine, stability or even a proper social identity. Estjs tend to have a sense of responsibility and are more hard working but also more community and family oriented. Entjs are more independent and have a sense of purpose rather than responsibility and may disregard both themselves and their communities in favour of some NiFi goal.People with adhd might be more likely to type E or P in tests which ask about behavior, but i dont think any type is genuinely more 'adhd' than  any other type. I say this as an ENTJ with diagnosed adhd.I'm going to say ISTJ or INTP. I am getting a strong sense of Si dominant Ne inferior, particularly in terms of the love of fiction and art and the occasional unfulfilled need to be creative yourself. But at the same time there is a sense of inferior Fe. 

Some questions to help (Ti vs Te):

 Lets say someone has asked that you analyse an academic study or paper.

1. In analyzing the work would you be more inclined to: immediately begin dissecting and judging it based on your own instinct; or would you take a step back and try to take a detached, objective approach, suppressing any personal preconceptions?

2. Would you prioritize Understanding the paper's context, the evidence and theory it relies on, its implications for, and consistency with reality, and prevailing thought in the relevant field of study; or would you prioritize deconstructing the paper on your own and breaking it down to its fundamentals to see whether they make sense to you and whether the author has reasoned their points well?

3. If you knew little about the topic, would you prefer to reserve judgement on the piece until you were well versed in the field and then pass your own judgement, or would you prefer to search for expert opinions, scientific studies, and other 'hard' data to determine whether the paper had merit even if you weren't an expert yourself?

4. Which methodology appeals more to you: the scientific method of collecting data and experimenting, and revising theories from results, or the philosophical method of carefully constructing and arguing your conclusion point by point in a theoretical manner?
This generally seems to point towards Ti; I (ENTJ) would choose the opposite options to you other than in question 3. This also makes me lean towards inferior Fe given previous descriptions you gave. Ne seems slightly weak but I'm only going off what you have written so it could easily be stronger than it appears. I would say with reasonable confidence that you are INTP. Also it should be emphasized that Ti draws inwards, fitting things together logically to deeply understand them, whilst Te branches outwards looking at what things are in relation to other things, looking for cause and effect mechanics. An example of a typical conflict between an ENTJ and an INTP is when debating a specific idea the INTP might use very specific fine tuned definitions suited to their own understandings, whilst the ENTJ might be more general and flexible, choosing definitions that are tuned to be most relevant and representative of the current external context. In this case the INTP might see the ENTJ's argument as imprecise and lacking depth, whilst the ENTJ might see think that the INTP's argument as being too divorced from reality, and lacking relevance. I'm an ENTJ and can say that ISTPs and ENTJs aren't too different; ISTP is probably the third closest type to ENTJ after INTJ and ENFJ.

The logical directness of Ti, combined with an active and mobilizing Se can easily mimic Te, and both types use Ni and Se at least somewhat whilst suppressing feeling. ENTJs can be very cold, and are often not particularly organised or interested in routine, whilst ISTPs can be active, decisive, and possess conviction, its not hard to see why they might get mixed up.Either way could do it. But ENTJs in real life are not really as fast paced or action oriented as they are stereotyped to be; a lot of typical 'ENTJ' traits are better suited to ESTPs and ESFPs. I think TiSe is closer to Te than SeTi.I hate motivational videos. They feel forced and shallow. My favourites are dramas with a strong personal, emotional, and philosophical edge (with a soft spot for dark/troubled heroes).
Not sure if sarcastic or just INFP.
Most ENTJs are cartoonishly over-the-top villains, (Frank Underwood, Petyr Baelish). But my go-to realistic fictional ENTJ is DCI Luther from the show 'Luther'. He has a really active and forceful personality but isnt in a classic ENTJ leadership job (he is a detective). The Te Fi dynamic is really visible; a deep emotional drive but a ruthless and pragmatic approach the world. Shows the Polr Si also as he has no real sense of self and doesn't really take care of himself beyond what is necessary for his job. 

Other ok examples are Raymond Reddington (Good example of strong Ni ENTJ), and Harvey Specter. Care to elaborate? I don't really see any Fe or Ti. I can see why someone might suggest Ne, but I don't think there is anything he does that Ne explains that other functions don't.
Worth saying that my Zodiac is completely and utterly the opposite of my personality.
Te is all about cause and effect, objective fact, and practical implications for the future. Te sees things for what they are, in terms of cause and effect, and downplays the importance of subjective concerns, as well as anything deemed arbitrary or of no consequence. 

Te despise artificial and arbitrary constructs. In arguments, Te cares about the ultimate position being put forward and its intellectual merit above all. for Te, the logical consistency and structure of an argument is secondary to genuine evidence in its favor, Te users will not care much that a person has changed their mind or used sloppy argumentative technique, as long as the ultimate idea they present has weight and evidence behind it. 

Te is also less interested in categorizing and define concepts and ideas than Ti. Instead Te wants to know where they came from, what evidence and logic supports them, and what their implications are. Whilst Ti users tends to be very specific and attach unique finely tuned definitions to words and concepts, Te users care more about the underlying concept, and are not too fussy about specific definitions, as long as they do the job. A Ti user may see this as imprecise, but a Te user sees such specific definitions as of no practical importance, and may even consider them counter-productive, creating arbitrary intellectual distinctions between things which are essentially the same. 

Te users also tend to suppress subjective personal judgments in favor of what can be objectively proven. Unlike Ti users, Te users do not care how much sense something seems to make to them; if they can not find evidence for something or observe it in action, they will be reluctant to rely on it. 

Te users similarly care a lot about practical outcomes and are frustrated when people place to much importance on things which are of no real consequence. The flip side of this is that Te users are generally *very* laid back about things which are of purely symbolic importance. In fact, Te doms can often seem uninhibited and offensive simply because they have no regard for taboos or social norms that have no practical value; that ExTJ coworker isn't trying to be edgy, they genuinely don't see what's wrong with discussing historical genocides at the work Christmas party.
ENTJ. Perhaps INTJ or ISTJ.Unhealthy Fi is self absorbed, stubborn, and over reacts to tiny emotional provocation. It can also manifest as a strict and damaging over-zealous fixation on morals and ethics. Unhealthy inferior Fi can also manifest as a ruthless machiavellian outlook on life, pessimism, self-doubt, and unfulfilled emotional needs which are ignored by the individual.

Inferior Fi is preference for making decisions based on what is clearly externally evident over what is felt emotionally. People with healthy inferior Fi are ethically motivated, but supress their own emotional reactions and needs in the name of pragmatism and thinking objectively, and are able to change and adapt their values in service of a greater good.Just similar to me in many ways. There wasnt much in it but the things you said seemed more Te than Ni. I used to type as INTJ before I took the functions test and actually read more about and realised social introversion is different to mbti introversion.ENTJ. Logic, Self, and social.Can confirm. I take ADHD meds and when I'm off them I have stll got obvious dominant Te. It just does non-stop stupid shit like making an objective formula to determine which alcohol to purchase for max purchasing efficiency. Ironically, given the neurological basis of ADHD, an ADHD teenager on cocaine would likely be more patient than an ADHD teenager not on cocaine. ENTJ

Extraverted: ENFJ
Introverted: ISTP
A great show. Can't wait for the second series. Unfortunately it's been a while since I have seen it, but ESFP is definitely right for Uhtred. Alfred definitely seems INTJ also. I'd say Leofric (guy who calls Uhtred 'arseling') is ISTP or ESTP.Nah sherry here in Australia. 10 bucks for thirty standard drinks. But my formula aggregated reviews of quality as well and experimented with different functions to weight quality vs alcohol value. Change Te and Ti.

Ti: um you contradicted yourself and are using so many fallacies you are wrong. (continues to get angrier as the argument continues)

Te: Your argument is contrived bullshit look at these facts are you incapable of comprehending reality? You are blatantly wrong you fucking imbecile you are barely even sentient you make my dog look like Einstein and my dog is fucking dumb as shit. (...10 minutes later - "what argument? That was a friendly conversation.")Its ok we don't all think like this.Depends on whether you are talking about usefulness for individuals and companies or overall usefulness. Price and the value of money is ultimately meaningless. On a global scale production is what matters, money simply divides up and allocates what is produced, the cost of labour matters to individuals who might exploit it, but globally speaking maximising per worker output is what matters.Sound like an actual ENTJ. Dominant Te is very obvious from writing style and approach to new information. The detachment from emotion in debate, as well as holding back and developing social skills for practical purposes indicates healthy inferior Fi (INTJs tend to be heated or abrasive in debate and care little about social skills due to stronger Fi and POLR Fe). Ni is hard to spot but the questions don't really allow it to show. Enjoy experience but seems to be secondary to goals and discussions of issues - this points to tertiary Se. 

I think OP is far too happy to enjoy experience, and also more suppressing of emotions than an INTJ typically is. INTJs are more heated in conversation due to tertiary Fi, and are more abrasive and value driven. At the same time INTJs tend to downplay the importance of any sensory experience. OP seems to downplay their own emotions and embrace sensory experience to a degree, so I definitely lean towards ENTJ here.
Actual xNTJs are generally reasonably subtle, I find the over-the-top, 'i'm so NTJ' types, are usually unhealthy ISTJs or ESTPs who feel insecure because of the general intuitive bias online.I am also an ENTJ and I generally despise socializing for relaxation. If I want to unwind, I want to be alone. If I want to be 'energized', then I socialize, though usually there has to be something exciting going on such as conflict or potential for sex; socializing on its own is almost unbearable for any length of time. Nah that's just running on the scheming politician = ENTJ stereotype. There isn't really any Te in anything he does; he spins round his own weird logic from time to time but he doesn't have much regard for empirical evidence or expert consensus. Also his general way of thinking is very dominant Se, his criticisms are based on physical attributes, 'energy levels', perceived success etc. He also is very out of touch with Ni; no consistency to his opinions or ideas, little real long term planning. Pretty clear dysfunctional ESTPWat. Are you trolling? All those value judgments start with 'we', black and white appeals to popular emotion are super Fe, as is his emotive concern with the protection of his own nation as they are treated and respected by other nations. Populism is about as Fe as you can get. Tywin schemes and plots, but that isn't exclusive to ENTJs. Imo Tywin doesn't show much Ni - Se. His plans are grounded, tactical and built on knowledge, and he his values are based on his family, tradition and what he seems to feel is his place. 

Raymond Reddington however, is massively ENTJ.Hmm I disagree about how he used to act. I've watched his old interviews and read things he used to to say and whilst he used to be more reserved, he has really never been particularly articulate and has never shown much conviction beyond whatever general sentiment was popular at the time. Watch his old interviews, whenever he was asked questions about politics etc his answers were never concrete or analytical, they were never impartial or or carefully reasoned, and were never his own. His old interviews have always included populist notions with him making vague claims about politicians screwing things up and needing someone to do things right. He has always been someone who has ridden on public emotion with his opinions, and his first goal has always  been his own aggrandizement. He has always had the ostentatious, reality TV, pop-star billionaire attitude, his current persona is just him letting loose more, and once again conforming to popular sentiment and showing off.Fe is inclusive, at least in its positive form, but it is fundamentally group based. Fi on the other hand, whilst divisive, is fundamentally individual.

An Fi user develops a value system based on their own fundamental understanding of right and wrong, and at their worst they are dogmatic and unwavering in their belief, regardless of what their peers think or feel. An Fe user's value system on the other hand is based on social interaction and community, and at their worst they rely entirely on group sentiment over logic or morality, and can become hateful towards those outside their perceived community. 

Donald Trump clearly falls within the second category. When he says 'we need to be strong' and 'we need to be respected', he is emphasizing the need to protect his people, his community, from outside threats. His campaign isn't based on trade being immoral or Islam being fundamentally ethically wrong, its based on the very Fe sentiment that his community is threatened by outsiders, and any references to values that he makes are based entirely on them being 'American' values, rather than as simply values in their own right. He is not claiming to fight for some unquestionable good or universal moral truth, he is claiming to fight for his group, based the popular sentiment that various outside forces threaten them. 

Populism is Fe, it is value dependent entirely on group sentiment. Fi is individual sentiment against any and all groups. Donald Trump's entire campaign has been based on popular sentiment. 
Except he doesn't say weak=bad, or getting beaten = bad, all he talks about is how Americans, his people, his culture etc, are being victimized. His feeling is entirely extraverted. 

If you think Fe is just being friendly and sensitive then your understanding of Fe is waaaaay off. Hitler and Bin Laden for example, both had strong Fe. Both based their ideologies on the defense of their people and their culture from perceived outside threats. exactly what Trump is doing. Fe is extraverting your feeling, basing it on social identity and external emotional trends. This sensitive and inoffensive in interpersonal interactions, but divisive and aggressive when popular sentiment becomes hateful and tribalistic, which is the case with Trump.
1) You very clearly do not. 
2) Not sure about your point here Trump does explicitly state good or bad so.... 
3) Being civil and reasonable is not type dependent. Obama and Cruz are well developed, reasonable Fe users, Trump is an immature Fe user. Also Trump does not argue or debate. He insults and denigrates but he does not argue in the sense of using data, theories, reasoning, analysis etc. He has no regard for objectivity, or anything resembling it. If you won't concede that he is not a strong Fi user it should at least be clear that he is not in any way a dominant Te user.
You would be surprised...
Macron ENTJ, not sure about LePen, perhaps xSFJThis pleases my Te.We don't want to lecture it just becomes that because most people are not as obsessed with and/or knowledgeable about politics or the topic at hand as we are.
 You are like a little baby.

ENTJs are masters of arrogance.'lies about physical characteristics to aggrandise self' 

Try harder. &gt;  less weird

clearly the ENTJ's you know have well built facades.



I had the same experience. 
INFP - They bring out my Fi, make me focus on my Fi and not neglect it.

INTP - Mirror type, it is through this type I have bettered myself the most, I think. They might say something, my Ni will pick it up and I'll start reflecting on it.

ENFJ - They can be very mature, we strive for many similar things, but have different processes, this leads to both types learning from each other. They're reeeally caring too, and I love that! People might look at an ENTJ and think ''This dude has his shit together'' not recognizing his/her weak and puny Fi, their weakness. ENFJ see this and try to care towards it, I find it one of the only time I can be vulnerable, without being judged too harshly. ENFJ are also people who encourage others and can become pretty tired, meaning they might like it when you baby them..... ^thats^pretty^cute^imo^cuz^I^can^relate

ENFJ - ENTJ relationships are like being Mother (ENFJ) and Father (ENTJ, since I'm a guy) for people who aren't even our children, perhaps even our peers needing motivation.

EDIT: This is not in order.The main struggle I see is the Fi vs Fe clash. I can't for the life of me imagining an INFP being ok with their INFJ partner suppressing their Fe as well as seeming ''fake'', seeing from an INFPs perspective. 

It can work with enough communication.[:-I] (http://i.imgur.com/JWrKaXe.jpg)I am an ENTJ, and was wondering how my Ne looks like as a 6th function, could you describe it, you seem to know about this stuff.ThanksWhat an immature cunt that ESTJ is.

Just by reading this I already hate that narcissistic shit.hbdENTP/ESTPMe - ENTJ

Dad- INFJ

Mom - ESFJ

Sister - ENFJ/ESFJ (leaning a bit more towards the latter)

Brother - ISFPMe: ENTJ

Dad: INFJ

Mom: ESFJ

Sister: ENFJ/ESFJ

Brother: ISFP

Get along most with brother (maybe since he's 4 years old), other than that my sister.EXFJESTPPlan a not so detailed future and think of what your vision is of the outcome, strive for that. Advertise well so people have a chance of being exposed to the club, ultimately just do it.

Advertise, organize, and make everyone in the group feel included. 

Also don't let anyone run around and talk about the letters, i.e. say ''I'm on the verge of INTP and INTJ'', no you're not.

Good luck!Honestly, I'd just be grateful for having the opportunity to meet more intuitives, I'm surrounded by sensors, would be a nice change, especially ENFJs, haven't met many of those!

I think you could just keep it to regular activities and let the people sort of mingle and get to know each other, however I'm very sure this would be boring for many, ask an ENFP/ESFP about this.Hello, nice to meet you :)Weren't you an ESTJ? From tertiary to primary Ne?We are all ambiverts to some degree, we have two introverted and two extroverted functions.

Or it could be a cool synonym for extrovert with anxiety.I listen to music about 60-70% of my day. Now in the summer holidays it's more like 80%. I listen to it everyday, can't live without it. Music taste is not that crazy, I'm open to all sorts of music, apart from cancerous music like [''industrial''] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybPsiyNB87g) or free jazz. I listen to big boy jazz, Nu Disco/future bass, jazz hop, rap such as K-dot and Kero One, the only ''pop'' I listen to is Coldplay, but they went for a more poppy style very recently, and I, contrary to majority, like it :)

A favorite is something that I will attach meaning too, or something that just releases a lot of dopamine, which in turn will have similar effects of cocaine addiction and just make me want more - replay and listen to the song even more.

Some examples:

My favorite Coldplay [song] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyMhvkC3A84) and [this one] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EH9meoWmAOM)

[Nu Disco playlist, I really like this one, you should try it] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aFhtvAHCDc&amp;list=PLb-Mq4LjHSt9VQvAgqtIu04ONa4VCoF_-&amp;index=30). 

I recommend [Feng Huang] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poastVpOa3c&amp;list=PLb-Mq4LjHSt9VQvAgqtIu04ONa4VCoF_-&amp;index=36)

[anything by Fusq] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyR-AF9oJYQ&amp;index=3&amp;list=PLb-Mq4LjHSt9VQvAgqtIu04ONa4VCoF_-) and SHAG - [Know The Feelin'] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZWHVo-t2Vo&amp;index=51&amp;list=PLb-Mq4LjHSt9VQvAgqtIu04ONa4VCoF_-)

[A rap by Kero One I like, it's about how corrupt life can be, and that we'll all die] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EjiZeB6X2A)
Now that's just really sad.Was first typed as INTJ, was during the ''angsty teen, edgy, I hate people phase''. During this phase I thought I was an INFJ before and believed that you could switch types. Typed myself as ENTJ after some sort of enlightenment, it just happened. I've learnt about many to all types and eliminated any other typings, weighed myself of might being an INTJ, ESTJ, ENTP, ENFP or ENFJ.Listening to some Fatboy Slim now, really only listened to ''Funk Soul Brother''. I'm liking their music! :)Will Do!Wowowow, so good to hear someone liked them, you're welcome and thank you as well!Nice playlist, listening to it now, I'm not disappointed! I usually scroll through upwards of 10 songs before I put something in my Nu Disco playlist!ENTJ, type 3Some ENTJs, if their Se has a boost when they become older. ENTJs can feel that school can suck and is boring/not helping them achieve their goals, so they are quiet/don't have a strong presence (Se). When they become adults and can pick and choose where to go and what to do with their life they'll feel like kings and get a boost in their Se.

Note: this is some ENTJs.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Turns me into the president of the United States of America.Pilot, more specifically, captain over a 737-800/900(ER) for Norwegian.  Flying a short/medium haul plane would allow me to come home 90% of nights.

ENTJ[&gt;:-}] (https://i.gyazo.com/54432bc6ee3e7545d794655973e8e1ca.png)Look straight ahead, sometimes mindfully look around me and just enjoying the moment, I usually have music in the ears so it adds on!ENTJ - Chris Martin and Jonny Buckland1. F: ISTP M: ENTJ K: ESFJ

2. F: ENFP M: INTP K: ISFJ

3. F: ESTP M: ENTP K: INFJ

4. F: INTJ M: INFP K: ISTJ

5. F: ESFP M: ENFJ K: ESTJ

6. F: ESTP M: INTJ K: ISFP

7. F: ENTP M: ENFJ K:ESTJ

8. F: ESFP M: INFP K:INFJ

9. F: ENTJ M: INTP K: ISTJ

10. F: ENFP M: INTJ K: ISTP

11. F: ESFJ M: ENTP K: ISFP

12. F: ESTP M: INFP K:ISFJ

Sry INFJ, ISFJ and ISFP ^^^Not^sryWhy don't you have a flair on if you're certain of your type?The flair can be used to prejudice you as soon as someone disagrees with your opinions to further dismiss anything rational you say and flag it as racist hate speech.

Jokes aside, people are given the chance to, for themselves, critically accept what you post. It's like newspapers, you'd want to know if a newspaper is left or right, I'd presume?I am an ENTJ and going to become a pilot. I'd say that an ESTJ would be very good for the job, as long as you bring your craving for safety as well as don't let your Ne take over.For me as an ENTJ, I don't get a long with majority of ISFJs, ESFJs are easier but can be a bit aälsdöa¨åsdpäaköfks. I can get a long with almost anyone as long as they are healthy.I myself wanted to pick Instinct, but chose Mystic since I want to grind with my friends, so do they, I hope...ENT(P) you're lyingOne eats a bag of chips , the other one tries to merge it to one with the universeI didn't find it funny because I could relate so much with the guy, that passenger was such a cunt. Poor fkn guy :( I hope he gets a good passenger to make him forget her disgusting attitude.What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.Agreed!Great to hear, can't wait! I myself have always loved to explore, even if the experience might become repetitive I will just enjoy exploring the universe. Always been a big fan of astronomy! Inner child is activated.

Great to know! Looking forward to playing the game. :)Weeeeeeeeeeelll, no.HellooISFJs for reasons. Healthy ESFJs can however be very welcoming.INFJ? Those adjectives together seem to equate that type.Musical intelligence, this just hits home. I won't be playing music ''professionally'' but would enjoy it. I've been playing the drums for 3 years, self taught by ear and have been playing jazz drums for 1 year by ear. This..... is awfully correct.How I should fix a problem. I then remind myself that when your head is on the pillow it becomes a head full of dreams not a head full of problem solving.They made me take a look at my Fi. I now own my Fi thanks to them! They're amazing listeners, so good that I usually ask if it's bothering that I'm talking too much when in actuality it's just them not interrupting me. They will cheer you on in what you do. They're usually punny.No. [Flair]Views on ENTJs?[INTP] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GYnd3Qp-UA)[ENTJ] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSS5dEeMX64), [INTP, since I like the song, I'm not INTP] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GYnd3Qp-UA)I meant for you to read my flair, that's F.W. type, whilst typing this I realised you meant Frank Woods from CoD and not Frank Underwood from House of Card, damn I feel stupid. From my not so strong memory I'd think he could be an ESTP.Great to know! INFPs are an unbelievable and great group as well!Yeah! One of my best friends is one!I don't know his type, but I've heard a lot that he's an ISTP. Is this true?Seen.What are your views on ENTJs?In my example. Let's say I have a dream (Fi), I use Te as the method of completing or reaching the dream (succeeding my Fi). But for my Te to work, I will need to plan with my Ni, but why the hell am I planning? To actualize the dream (Se) so my Ni plans to make my dream a reality, thus succeeding my Se.After actually getting into more Freudian psychology, I believe MBTI has a lot of biological ties in your genes (inherent), but might get influenced in very, very early childhood (environmental), I don't know this but assume it might be true. I do believe that traumatising experience or fast change in social roles can change your personality.Sieg?There's your starter pack right there.ISTP, easy.ENTJ, speaking for myself. I need a bit of alone time every day, if not every, then every other day. 30 minutes after coming home from work/school is enough sometimes.This is very important in my honest opinion. I know there are people who define MBTI via the 4 letters as well as they have some depth(y) answers to the 4 letters, I believe it is not enough. The functions are a lot more in depth, it's like maths. Learn the rules (functions) and learn how they work together, then apply them and work them together and compare them to yourself. 

It took me some time but I definitely narrowed it down to ENTJ for me. I'd recommend watching many videos about MBTI, specifically Michael Pierces video series ''Revisiting the types'', you can find them on Youtube.Me too, generally it will be a couple of hours, however, 30 minutes can do it sometimes, not often, but sometimes.You're welcome, glad I could help.Easy. Fuck Black lives matter and fuck 3rd wave feminism. You probably don't even care about other minorities, you probably just want the fame because of your retarded 6th function Fe.Out of the two you listed you sound like an ESFJ :)You don't seem to have primary Si, you seem to have secondary Si (Nostalgic, but don't indulge in things you did before unless you've forgotten some of it), you love sensory experience (6th function Se), you said you zone out a lot and you think about ideas a lot (tertiary Ne), you feel like you have to be strategic in social gathering, I feel this is primary Fe over secondary ISFJ Fe, because I feel like ISFJ Fe would be more hospital instead of actually tending to each people needs. You seem more extroverted in the sense that you care a lot about what others think of you, you are strategic in social gatherings (manipulating the external world) etc. 

I don't know you, but you seem too nice to be an ISFJ, this is however extremely subjective, speaking of subjective, I get ESFJ vibes from the things you wrote. 

You might not be ESFJ, or ISFJ, for that matter, I was just answering out of the framework you gave me. Good luck with typing yourself! :)Really glad I could help!

&gt;Also, you mentioned Se. Can you explain why you don't think that could be higher? 

Well sure, but then you would be an ISFJ, and ISFJs don't really seek Se experiences on their own. [The 6th function is actually a very strong function](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dobNhGq2RkE), if you say that you like sensory experiences, I assume that your Se is strong for an xSFJ. An ISFJ would have Se stacked as their fifth function, which people don't really appreciate too much, in your case (and my typing of you being ESFJ) it would mean that you don't find Fi to be so useful or that valuable, for you at least. I am an ENTJ and I used to think Ti was practically useless, however with time I have come to realise that it can yearn great results, better communication and all around being able to defend your opinions better. Anyway, summarised if you like sensory experiences, it's more likely that you are an ESFJ than an ISFJ. 

Daydreaming could be attributed to your introverted functions, but let's not forget that functions work together, and intertwine like a system. Your daydreaming could be your Ne+Si or in stressful cases Ne+Ti, let's go with the first one. I've noticed that the second function is more of a tool than a total function. For example, something as abstract as Ni (bear with me because that is your weakest function, mine is Si) for INFJs and INTJs will be their primary function, INFJs will (primarily) use their Ni to find symbolism, whilst an ENTJ, like me, wouldn't bother finding symbolism if it isn't I value very much. An INTJ would use their Ni to plan every move they make, whilst an ENTJ, like me, would only use their Ni to plan things they would assume or deem need planning, because in the end it would be impractical and unnecessary to waste time like that. In your case, an ISFJ would daydream primarily with their Si, however an ESFJ would use their Si as a tool for daydreaming, and instead primarily focusing on their Ne. I've noticed that people with secondary Si have better memory than primary Si, it is from subjective experience but, it has repeated itself several times. An ISFJ will remember certain moments in their lives VERY detailed, whilst an ESFJ will use their Si in the now, to remember what happened in the past. That's why ESFJs, when arguing, can bring up past things the opposition did, but they are not completely right and sometimes one sided, whilst an ISFJ might bring up something in the past that they remember vividly, but something that might not be completely relevant to the subject of the debate. 

&gt;(I'm trying to get the most objective view possible, so I'm asking everyone to explain in as much detail as they can)

This could be a sign of inferior Ti, wanting to get a control of your emotions and instead get a logical and more objective view (which, by the way, is very mature and somewhat attractive, nohomo).
It could also mean that you're an ISFJ that is seeking Ti, however when ISFJs use their Ti they usually end up looking stupid, much like how whenever people use their third function they look pretty stupid, [watch this video and try to notice it in real life](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnScEcN0XHU) (skip to 9:56 for ESFJ)

You could also be ENFJ for that matter, your daydreaming? Primary Fe and inferior Ti. 

All in all, if one of those two types you seem like a mature ESFJ, you could however be an ENFJ, I suspect it a little bit. If you were an ISFJ, I don't know if I would bring myself to write this much, no offensorino ISFJs. I suspect that you are more ESFJ than ISFJ but, start considering ENFJ.

EDIT: Shit, this was a bit long. You're welcome, and again good luck with typing yoself

EDIT 2: Don't limit it to ESFJ and ENFJ, you could, like /u/Lion-Hart said, be an ISFP.I don't know enneagrams so I got 7 somethingNo problem, good luck!Yes, by the law of derivative z./r/infpWhy do ENTPs always look cool?You really look the part.This dick9/10, got 8. wrong, didn't see the two dots vs the original three, haha.Hahaha, at least we both know what to look for in future tests concerning Spatial Reasoning.This comment was a nice way of putting a different perspective into play. 

It wasn't screaming ''you're wrong'', but just showed how something can literally be different, without shoving it in the persons face.

inb4 shitpost comment.Thanks!Thank you for your answer. It definitely helped me/will help me in guidance for greater wisdom and self development.

:)Wow, thanks for the help!Beautiful. 

How do you exercise vulnerability?Thanks for the comment. I did not know vulnerability was something you could practice internally. I always thought vulnerability was to be shown infront of other people, I didn't know it could be practiced through a change in thought. 

I also got a better definition of vulnerability, I just had a hard time of grasping how it worked before.

Also, what you said about younger and or redditors how they see religion to be hypocrisy etc. Yeah it's safe to assume that many people see it that way. In many cases the younger people who dismiss religion might not have actually give it some thought and just dismiss it because of it being ''illogical/irrational'', and in the same breath call religious people hypocritical. Wouldn't it be more logical to give anything you dismiss a chance? There will always be room for error and for one person to be wrong. 

I am not religious but, I haven't dismissed it yet. Not so long ago I was trying to find religion but it didn't work. Maybe it will in the future.

Thanks for the help, anyway!You are quite enlightened! I'm definitely saving your comment! Very interesting.

How old are you btw?LOL, yup exactly like that. Don't know why I found it so funny. 

Also, *being compared to Elon Musk* 

Beast.I would appreciate it if you would care to explain the reasons you think he's an ISTJ. It would help my Fi that is getting more confused by my Se by the minute.&gt;"Hey that's a lot of chocolate you have", which would have triggered every bad memories related to chocolate she had ever felt in her life and she would have killed herself, probably drowning in the pool with a rock attached to her foot.

Jesus Christ, mate. 

Jesus aside, I get what you're saying. However I can't help but think that Akizuki could be an ENTJ. 

&gt;And an ENTJ probably would have ruined everything from the start by saying something like ''Hey that's a lot of chocolate you have ''.

He indirectly did say that with his facial expression. It screamt ''wtf is wrong with this woman'', that's even how Yukino interpreted it, she said so herself.

The longing for the future of working adults, it seems so ENTJ for me. Akizuki is 15 years old, his Ni has almost just began to grow. He has his future set on becoming a professional shoemaker. It is arguable that because of his weak and new Ni he couldn't decide what the probability was for him becoming a shoemaker. I'm a fairly young ENTJ with a career I want to pursue, yet I am not certain what the probability is for me to reach that goal. 

[SPOILERS]

In the end where Akizuki and Yukino stand at the staircase, he is so insecure of his future that he wants Yukino to tell him that he will fail and never acheive his dreams. Earlier in the movie he stated ''she is nothing more than the secrets of the world'' and ''she exists in a world of working adults, very far away from me''. 
He saw her as a person symbolizing the working adult life, the future of Akizuki. So, because of his uncertainty of the future and now his frustration with Yukino after she rejected his love, he found himself in heavy doubt. He wanted Yukino to tell him to fail, because he wanted the symbol of the future to tell him to fail. That would releive him of his uncertainty. 

Very much as you said, Akizukis life took a turn after he met Yukino, the pace of his life did increase. And after Yukino moved back to her hometown, he returned to his life, more resilient, strengthened and knowledgeable about the future. the world and relationships, a bit older is better :)

He as an ENTJ was fueled by his Fi. It was his goal to reach his desire of becoming a shoemaker. He was trying to grow up and join the adult life as soon as possible. With the help of him having a crush and eventually falling in love with Yukino, he'd reach his goal even faster. 

It does become a problem typing someone that young. There is always room for interpretation. I have a lot of time on my hands and my Fi is a bit confused, but I'm still open for new typings.I'm going to become a pilot. I fuel it almost daily by watching GoPro cockpit videos. I even fly a sim program. 

The INFP communication thing. I feel that INFPs are very understandable to the things you say if you explain them, but they of course have to be mature enough to give you a chance if you've ''wronged them''. INFPs are wildcards for me, though. If an INFP doesn't have similar values as me, I'll feel as if my presence around them is walking on eggshells, which I hate. INFPs with similar humor to me (dank mejms) and similar values, are the easiest ones to get along with, it'll take very little time for us to become friends in fact!HahahahahaOnce upon a time 2,5 years ago I found myself very bored in class and opened /b with my friends as a gag, I found the personality test and did it when I got home. Got INTJ and read it and was baffled on how accurate it was, given that it was 16personalities.com 1,5-2 years later I had enough knowledge to retype myself to ENTJ. 

All in all it's really interesting and always a nice topic to discuss with friends.Ni - Yellow 

Ne - Bright green

Ti - Yellow too

Te - Strong blue

Fi - Red

Fe - Red

Si - Yellow...

Se - Dark blue

I need to update my colours man.Don't worry, it's not ignorant, great that you want to learn more actually! 

I first studied the INTJ and read about it a lot. Then I started observing others and by common sense knew that there were different people and personalities and started to dive into each personality type at a time and just studied and tried to understand them. And somewhere along the lines I learned about functions and learnt about them The three last types I studied about were in order: ENTJ, ISTP and ENFJ.

I of course had some basic knowledge about the ENTJ prior to  studying them. After I read about them I felt that they were a better version of INTJs, this is false because of the many circumstances an INTJ will beat an ENTJ. Maybe within a month I started to feel like something was wrong, and I took the test as well as watching a lot of videos about the ENTJ and INTJ, comparing them and evaluating myself if I was an ENTJ, and made the decision I was. Ever since then I've taken the test multiple times and have gotten ENTJ almost every time except twice where I got ENFJ with 51% feeling hahaha. 

Since then, which was [1 year ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/entj/comments/49kunc/misstyped_intj_joins_the_entjs/) I've monitored myself and made sure if I was an ENTJ or not, and maybe 6 months ago I was sure about being one. Even if I start doubting my type, which I almost never do, I always remind myself of how I typed myself as an ENTJ. I think people who haven't started to develop their lower functions will be more inclined to doubt their type. Since I am trying to develop my functions I think I am becoming less and less likely to retype myself, at this point I sometimes get thoughts about if I'm an ESTJ but then remind myself of my weird Ni.No worries! You're welcome. :)You're a beast. How long did it take for you to create this? This is definitely helping me deciding once and for all if I am an ENTJ or an ESTJThanksThanks. Can I PM you later? I would love your help!Quality post
Cool video. I was watching this as an educational video for a project I have right now, I thought the video maybe could be of help. It did help a bit in fact. A bit awkward with the slightly NSFW pics at the end I had to explain to the people sitting behind me rofl.ESFP?Are you an INxJ? That insight got me like woah!The unhealthy ENTP description perfectly describes House from House MDMy gang gang gang

ENTJ (Me)
INFP
INTP
INFJ
ESFJNot to be definitive, but that sounds like some narcissistic tendencies that you're aware of. Mirror* Shadow would be ISFJDUDE, DON*T WORY; THE BEST WEBSTIE FOR THIS PROLBEM IS HER: /r/shittyMBTI

CLICK 4 ALL IQ Would be convenient if examples are made!Hello! I am an ENTJ (formerly mistyped INTJ), enneagram 8w7... I think, I don't know much a bout enneagrams. I have been a part of the MBTI community for 2 years and have dove deep into the subject. I know the functions for each type and the interrelations between the functions, and the types.

I welcome every single one of you to the MBTI discussion live stream tomorrow and I would gladly have all of you there. I would love to learn a new thing or two about MBTI, wether it is tested or from your experience, as said it will be a multi-people discussion via text.

https://www.twitch.tv/kerosenelight, this is where the stream will take place. You can follow the channel to get a notification when I go live, however I will post it here on MBTI as well so you don't have to go to the trouble.

For you who don't know, twitch.tv is a website where one can livestream games they are playing so people can come watch and discuss whatever it is they want to discuss, it is a gigantic community.

The viewers chat and the streamer can read and respond to all the messages within seconds, the viewers can also chat with each other in the live chat. 

I will be streaming the new game No Mans Sky so I will be able to fully focus on the MBTI discussion. 

This is a bit awkward for me sharing this since I don't like glory seeking, but I feel that it is more authentic trying for me to be an MBTI stream rather than all other being gaming streams (developing my Fi). My intentions is for this stream to be a faster way of discussing MBTI rather than posting and waiting for a response here in the subreddit. 

I will be streaming from 7PM CEST / 6PM GMT / 10AM PST to 3 AM CEST / 2 AM GMT / 6 PM PST

Sorry for bad American times but I currently live in Europe.

I hope to see you there.Hello! This is the ENTJ that has been messaging almost all MBTI type subreddits with my discussion live stream! 

It was 8 hours long with around 15-25 people joining in and discussing. It was an absolutely amazing experience!

I thank everyone who was there to share the experience and just give us their time of day.

My own thoughts so far are that this concept and idea will work very good. We discussed MBTI for a long time, only some bumps and silences later in the 8 hour stream. You can imagine we all got a bit tired. 

We debunked a lot of stereotypes and really broadened our view of MBTI. In my experience I see ENTPs in a whole new light, the same with INFJs and ISFPs, you all can be really great people! We discussed MBTI in the young mind of people, and how it ties in with Freudian theory, and much more!

I will again hold the discussion at Wednesday 5PM GMT / 9AM PST (Sorry for bad american times, but I currently live in Europe)

https://www.twitch.tv/kerosenelight, this is where the event is held, as said on Wednesday 17/08-2016

The streamer talks and the viewers chat, getting responses almost instantly.

We all hope to see you there!

EDIT: [Let's just hope people don't set 4 cars on fire right outside my house next time.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duwAc1pOfHc&amp;feature=youtu.be)
I want to see how an ENTJ might act, other than myself.Or is it that the second function is the method to ''succeed'' the third function.I would like to know how lower stack Fi users (ENTJ particular tips would be helpful) can exercise and strengthen their Fi?I'm an ENTJ and as a goal for 2017 aspire to live in psychological balance. I am soon turning 18 and have a thirst for self improvement, I am now trying to develop my Se but, it's not going well, I think.

I am quite uncertain how to develop Se and how it can look like as my tertiary function and how I can develop a healthy and useful Se and make it a much more conscious part of my life. 

My progress so far is that I am enjoying life by the moment more. I really look for the details in my surroundings, the air breezing against the skin etc.

I've started taking beautiful pictures with my phone and might have a knack for taking these pictures, or it could be luck! I try to appreciate moments more and focus on them, more than I focus on ''achieving something''. This is obviously not always (Te dom) but I've noticed that I consciously try to enjoy the moment, more often than before.

I, and probably many more, would be so grateful for some help with developing a healthy and mature Se.

Thanks.
I have had countless times where when I am thinking about something and my eyes start piercing the wall, the lamp or whatever inanimate object that happened to be where I accidentally tuned out. 

Not only that, but people say that I am still as a statue when it happens, mainly because I blink less when I'm in this ''mode''.

Does this ever happen to you? Any explanations to why Ni just takes ones mind away from all surroundings?I feel as if Akizuki is an ENTJ and Yukino is an INFP. However that could just be my Fi speaking.

/u/poropopper Do you mind giving your 2 cents? I remember you correcting my incorrect typings before, when I was in Fi mode. [Link to the movie](https://vimeo.com/122479612), it's 46 min and could be nice for your Fi, if I remember correctly you were an ESTJ?

*Human.exe has stopped working*

My inferior Fi is not enough to express the feelings I feel, they show emotions but not the feelings. Don't know if an ESFJ I appreciate will understand my feelings unless I maybe tell that person straight up.

Help is appreciated! :)Well, this sub used to be more. Before it increased from like 12k subs to 45k in the span of one year
I can write an entire book about my issues with Ti, but I don't like to be that negative. For clarification, these issues are all about non-inferior Ti, and mainly concern NTPs.

1. Impenetrable intellectual superiority complex. If you express anything remotely subjective, their natural reaction is to devalue your thoughts immediately. Along with this is the belief that they themselves can be unbiased and objective, usually by pretending to be 'unemotional'. Which is really infuriating because they only care about objectivity due to having an emotional preference.

2. Neutrality fallacy. Having the 'middle ground,' or 'no opinion,' does not automatically make you better or more correct. Some ideas simply aren't worthy of compromise on. Yes, killing all the homeless people means they won't suffer any more. No, it is not right to do, and is extremely unethical to even consider as a possibility.

3. Justifiable feelings. This is a result of having repressed Fe mainly, but is still a big issue I have with Ti. First off, it doesn't even make sense.  If emotions truly are irrational, then we should have no ability to control them, meaning it's a moot point to try and judge which are appropriate. Second, your emotions are what cause you to judge other people's, making yours just as invalid in the first place. Unless you consider yourself some kind of objective and unbiased authority on these things...

That being said, I can greatly appreciate Ti at times, and these issues have mainly come from younger or straight up narcissistic Ti users. I've found that there are basic and underlying differences between Te/Fi and Ti/Fe users that will eventually cause conflict, though. Mainly because Ti sees all thoughts as valid, regardless of intent, and Fi is built to judge ideas based on emotional context. Likewise, Fi sees all emotions as valid, regardless of how they're expressed, and Ti is built to be critical about everything, including emotions. Communism would be considered either a total democracy, a consensus democracy,  or a heavily decentralized federation of sorts. No rulers, society-enforced laws, and democratic decision making involving all affected by it. ENTJ, Market Socialist.

It might seem weird that an ENTJ wouldn't be a capitalist, but I ended up picking the only form of socialism you can run a business in.Democratic socialism is most certainly socialism. The means of production are owned and operated democratically, and resources are distributed through non-market means, with or without money involved. Generally socialists reject market economics and the concept of money, as most see no need for it's existence.

Social democracy is a form of capitalism with heavy restrictions on businesses and redistribution of wealth. Free healthcare, education, and relaxed social policies are staples of the ideology. It's known mainly for being practiced in countries like Denmark, Sweden, and Norway, which can afford to spend so much government money since they don't have to upkeep a military. All these nations are capitalist though, and benefit heavily from international trade.
Bernie Sanders is also a social democrat, which should not be confused with democratic socialism, as they are fundamentally different things.That sounds like a combination of Se and Ti, with a little Ni. ESTPs and ISTPs are inclined to see the world as a bunch of systems working together that can be utilized and perfected. 

Noticing patterns in the physical world relates mainly to Si, and to some extent Ni. Though Ni data is purely idea based, and Ni doms usually disregard physical data as unimportant due to inferior Se.The classic one would be the INTJ who's so focused on writing their master thesis that they forget to eat or sleep for days on end, since they don't see their physical needs as being relevant to achieving their goals. 

On a more day to day basis, Ni doms will oftentimes not notice or remember physical details, such as exact numbers, what color somebody was wearing, when the last time they ate was, and so on. They simply don't feel any of this is really important and have a natural tendency to ignore it, and will often have to put a lot of energy into remembering to observe it.

Due to the way Ni works, they also will naturally skip over information that doesn't seem to immediately fit with their vision,  unlike Ne or higher Se users who will generally consider all information equally. It creates a confirmation bias effect that can lead to them having unfounded and completely implausible ideas that make perfect sense to them. 

I got some type-esque feelings from different schools while visiting them for sure.

Harvard - ESFJ.

MIT - ISTP.

Princeton - ISFP.

Dartmouth - INFP.

George Washington University - INTJ.

Georgetown - ENFJ.

UVA - ESFP.

Westpoint - ISTJ.Evergreen definitely embodies Fi in every sense. Didn't expect to see that in here though.Only due to the association of NT with intelligence, and MIT with nerds. It is full of nerds, no doubt, but it's primarily an engineering school and they put a lot of focus on the actual building and implementation of ideas. Not theoretical the way NT types tend to be.  They're also famous for their over engineered pranks and massive school projects, like the rollercoaster they build annually and their giant tetris game on the side of their tallest building. Seemed way more STP than NTP.Extrovert: ENFJ
Introvert: ISTJESTJs, due to having tertiary Ne, are more naturally comfortable with entertaining many ideas and finding many different ways to approach a topic or situation. Though they will not be as comfortable putting trust and weight into purely theoretical solutions or ideas, as they are still predominantly Si users. 

It's ridiculous to say that they are not open minded compared to ENTJs. I really don't care for trying to entertain ideas just for the sake of it, and I approach discussions with a "there can only be one" perspective. Since we use Ni we're naturally inclined to pick one possible outcome and go with it, and constantly switching direction and taking the time to evaluate each and every perspective detracts from our favored mindset.

Intuition v Sensing is not linked to how progressive or tolerant you are.I will always stand by ESTJ. Nerds don't have to be INTx types. Political memes. That's really heavy Si. I recommend looking into ISFJ.ISFP manifesto right here. The Martian is the only one I can think of. I'm currently learning a lot about ISFJs and it's really interesting to learn about people who approach the world completely differently than I do. Our types have nothing in common function wise, which creates a unique contrast. Si is also capable of seeing some really cool stuff I will never be able to on my own.Oh.Your Ne - Si is equally true if not more so for Ni - Se.**Types of Information:**

Se: tangible data in the current world, unbiased.

Si: tangible data in the current world that is relevant to the user.

Ne: possibilities surrounding tangible data, unbiased.

Ni: possibilities surrounding tangible data that are relevant to the user.

**Types of Analysis:**

Te: analysis of the world to understand how to reach a goal.

Ti: analysis of subjects to understand them entirely.

Fe: analysis of emotional subjects to understand how to reach an emotional goal.

Fi: analysis of emotional subjects to understand them entirely.

This has to be the most Si thing I've seen all year. I don't think my auxiliary function is capable of this.Sounds like higher Te, and I'm leaning towards STJ. Don't have enough information to make a call on perceiving functions or I/E.ISFP seems very likely.Sensors are capable of contributing to complex and exploratory topics, as well as innovating fields of thought and academia.Ecosocialist surge. I'm willing to bet there's a good amount of them, just under different types. r/darkenlightenmentHunter #1 is essentially the penultimate form of my enneagram,  8w7 SP/SX. A neverending path of challenges with the goal of protecting humanity from an existential threat, near total self sufficiency and the ability to survive almost anything, and the only limitation being your own dedication and determination with enough risk involved to keep losses meaningful. I can't think of anything more suitable. You're probably an ISFJ. What you said sounds far more Si than Ni.You sound like an enneagram 1w2 or 3w2. Both are highly focused on success and have high standards for themselves, which can drive them to push themselves harder than they they should. Also you sound more like an ISTJ, like others have said. Nietzche vehemently rejected nihilism and a good body of his work is his attempts to find a way to overcome it. He saw it as a fact, but one we should not accept as the only option. Make sure to try the :jango: emote.Also ISTP. The entire ENTJ population changed type a couple days ago, you must not have gotten a letter.👌ESTJs and ESTPs seem to be the kings of low effort shitposting.:^)Hi.

There's actually a lot, just mistyped as INTJs and INFPs. It can be difficult to actually type yourself as ISFP because all the information paints them as fluffy artistic pushovers when in reality Fi-Se has great potential to be strong willed and Fi-Ni can lend itself to a very philosophical way of thinking, not to mention that everybody forgets we still have Te. :^)ESFJ.

Fe: circlejerk.

Si: stale memes.

Ne: likes new content but not that new.

Ti: thinks they're smarter than they are.I know a lot of people and am involved in many groups. I'm almost always with people online if I am not with any in real life. An approximate number is impossible to give I'm afraid.

The earth rotates and from our perspective it appears to rise over the horizon since we do not feel the earth moving beneath us.

If it really needs to be pointed out I'd try to tell them in a respectful way, maybe after complimenting an aspect that I do like. I'd be hard pressed to judge beyond my own opinions and how I believe others will react, but I suppose that's the only way to do it. If I like it but other people may not I'd rather tell them my opinion and not to worry what others think.

On time, maybe a couple minutes late due to not estimating travel time properly. I'm a communist. "Free *from* what? As if that mattered to Zarathustra! But your eyes should tell me brightly: free *for* what?"
I agree, it's almost as id Harvey was written with the intent of making an ENTJ character haha. Can't wait for season 6!ENTJ: Eat or get eaten.
Definitely doesn't apply to all of them, but most ENTPs that I have met are really annoying to me. Many of the ones that I know always want to debate everything even when theres nothing to argue about.Big egosAmbitiousI got ENTJ as well hahaMost of the time im with my friends im not serious at all and sometimes i can look like a P because of my enthusiastic personality but that makes sense because im a 7w8.
Im definitely a visual learnerThat was so hard to readYou seem like an ESFP to me because i see a lot of Se.Mainly when you said you go wherever life takes you. If not ESFP i think you might be an ENFPIn a lot of ways he sounds like me. I would say ENTJ. Like the other commenter said try to figure out his third function. In a lot of instances my tertiary Se can show because Im a bit of a daredevil and I really love to take risks. Although I can also be really goofy. The way you describe him reminds me a lot of myself.I have considered all of the EXTX typesIn any game i play I always try to replicate myself in my character.I might be able to give a good perspective on this beacuse Im still in high school, about to start 11th grade.

I have a close knit group of friends that I mostly hang out with outside of school but other than them I have lots of other friends that arent as close. I make friends really fast. 

Im on the varsity team for two sports: track and cross country and i plan on running throughout high school.

In class I work extremely hard and care a lot about getting good grades. My goal is to become valedictorian and right now Im 3rd in a large class.

Personality wise Im extremely energetic and ambitious, although for the most part i dont really outwardly display my ambition. I dont think i really fit into any high school archetype.

My general goal in high school is to get into a very good college and build skills to create a foundation for my future.

I dont know what Im going to be like in the future but i think about it every passing second.Elliot as an INTP? I've always seen him as an INTJI'd say that a good example of an unstereotypical ENTJ is Sokka from Avatar The Last AirbenderHmmm Joker as an ISTP.. never thought of that always thought he was an ENTPHaha i cycled through every EXTX typeWow I can't imagine thatWho are both of the ENTJs?Thank you!Thinking about my future and whats going to happen the next day, month, year..Go to the sidebar on the right and chose to edit your flairYeah I was thinking that as well that he could just have strong Fe, thanks!Yeah I think that could be true that his Fe was developed early on by how he was raised.Haha very interestingYeah I really tried to make it thorough so I could receive and accurate response. Thanks a lot! I don't think so, i think you have to be on the website.Typhlosion for sureHey guys i need a little help. Ive been trying to type my best friend (both of us are 16M) forever but its pretty tough. He likes to read, play video games and play basketball (although our friends joke that he injures himself before he even gets on the court due to his injury history). In school he is one of the smartest people I know. Never the type to be a leader but thats probably why me and him have such a good friendship. He is very indiscisive.

I'm about 90% sure that he has Ti, Fe, Si, and Ne but i don't know what order. Mostly I have considered him to be an INTP but I'm not so sure. Ive also started to think that he could be an ISFJ. I'm also pretty confident that he is an introvert. I feel as if all of his functions are equal in strength. I'll explain how I have observed all of his functions:


Ti- He is extremely good in logical subjects at school (computer science, math, physics) and when i see his math homework his work is very unorganized and a lot of times he does the problems in his head. He loves to do puzzles and challenge his brain. He thinks really differently than I do and its apparent in discussions and whenever we have socratic seminars at school. He is very capable of creating strong arguements but...


Fe- He doesn't like to argue with others and is super peaceful. He's really kind to most people and feels bad for others when they are sad. He always tries to empathise with me when i have a problem. He always considers others' feelings when making decisions (which he doesn't really do much of anyways because he is very indescisive). When two of our friends are fighting he gets anxious and always tries to keep the peace. He always makes witty insults to our friends but will immediately follow it up by letting them know for sure that he is kidding. He is sensitive and none of our friends dare to insult him because he is so nice.


Si- He is very accustomed to the ideals that he was raised with and a lot of what the thinks and says reflect his parents' ideologies. He is a rule follower and never cheats in school (albeit neither do I). He is strongly against drugs and all the other things you would expect from somewhat strict parents.


Ne- He is hands down the weirdest person I have ever met in my entire life. He makes so many random noises and says so much weird stuff I couldn't even imagine what goes on in his head. Some of the stuff he does and says makes you question his sobriety although nobody could actually imagine him doing drugs. The weird stuff he does is all really funny to everyone and our friends think he is really funny in general. He is also really awkward and random. He can relate one topic that we might be talking about to something seemingly completely unrelated. He is VERY unorganized although his room is really clean. His backpack is a complete mess and he can never find anything haha. He is really not detail oriented at all. He is VERY flaky. Also very uncoordinated and clumsy. He can either get distracted super easily or he can be so focused on something that you have to yell in his face to get him to pay attention. 


Case for INTP- He fits most of the mold of a stereotypical geeky INTP. Loves video games, coding, and reading. Socially unaware and doesn't care about his looks. He loves to troll and is super weird. He is very laxy and will find a way to procrastinate on everything.

Case for ISFJ- He is very nice, kind and supportive to most people, even if he doesnt really know them. He is also really used to how he was brought up and consideres everything his parents taught him to be right. He is by the book and a rule follower as well. A lot of times he will use his feelings to judge and make a decision.


Thanks for helping!
As said here, NTJs and NTPs are very different. Not a single function is shared between them. A good way to differentiate is look at how you solve problems. Do you sit there for a long time look for an effective solution that fixes all the problems with minimal effort, or do you not waste any time trying to devise some crazy solution and try to get it solved as quickly as possible with whatever works?Look, you say that you get pissy about Ti doms nitpicking everything you say, then you proceed to write an entire rant that is painful not to nitpick when you're saying stuff like "scientifical" and "unlogical". Simply correct your errors and they won't have anything to nitpick. :)Your function stack is based on preference. Everyone can use any function, but if you're an ENxP you're much less likely to use Se unless you really have to or really want to, but even then it'll be a very conscious decision that'll eventually tire you out.

Same with ESxPs, they could use Ne if they really wanted to, but it would be something they'd have to focus hard on and would eventually just tire them out. Motiv type - MOHWVxx

Motiv+ type - MOH|W|veg

Jung type - ENTP 

Personality disorders (top 3) - Narcissistic, Histrionic, Antisocial

Enneagram - Type 3

Careers (top 3) - CEO, Executive, Ambassador **It's your friends' birthday! Are you the kind of person to organise a surprise party?** 

Definitely not. Though if someone else is doing so I'd happily help them get everything sorted out. 

**Would you go to a concert abroad just because you like the band and wanna go more often?**

Nope.

**Do you enjoy lots of meetups with friends?**

Yeah, I like having meetups often. Though too many and I'll just burn out. 

**What about art?**

I love all sorts of art. Specifically music. I make music and draw a bit and definitely focus more on the technical side of both. Though I like looking for meaning in other's artwork. 

**Do you use a planner?**

I've tried a couple times before, never really worked out.

**Would you step in a train right now for a last minute dinner at the other side of the country?**

Hell nah. I can do stuff at last minute, but not to that extreme. 

**Do and think or think and do?**

I like to think that I think and do, but I probably do and think. 

**Hobby?**

Lots of music stuff. Drawing, hanging out with friends, gaming, Youtube/Netflix. Not quite :PLooks like you are running out of steam haha you were close though :) And that's all we ask of you &lt;3 I'm an ENTPYeah, well it looks like either OP gave up a long time ago, or has more pressing matters to attend to hahaYou're right. We should report OPI dunno if an ISFJ would want anyone to be thrown into a pit of vipers :\1. Hanging out and doing new things with friends. Coming up with plans which may or may not be carried out (probably not but it's fun to dream). Finding new music, making new music, drawing. 

2. Often times the fact that I don't always carry out the plans I make and achieve the goals I set for myself. I set a high standard which I don't always live up to.  

3. People being treated unfairly. People lying to me. People who'll make claims that they can't, or refuse to back up with evidence or at least some sort of logic. 

4. Pretty much everything I listed in question 3. It's a good mixture of disgust and anger. 

5. Being considered worthless or useless by others. Loneliness. Becoming apathetic towards everything, which unfortunately does happen a lot and is generally the cause of me not doing the things I want to do.Pretty close :) ENTP 3w2
Man, you sure are superior to all those emotionally driven, Fi-using apes. We can only pray that they will one day have just 1/5th of your vastly superior intellect.Bless you for having Ken Ashcorp on there
At the end of the day you guys are just arguing why your own functions are more interesting. I feel like there'd be more weight to an argument if it was say, an Ne user arguing that Ni was more interesting, or vice versa.:( I mean, are you not providing an argument for why you think Ne is generally more boring than Ni?Sounds pretty ESTP imoI think Hopkins is INTJ and Mads is ENFJI mean, that's completely incorrect and I'd argue being quick to anger is a trait completely separate from MBTI, but okay. The "but okay" was my way of saying "whatever you say".

Well yeah, different types will get angry about different things at different rates. However you were originally just making a blanket statement that if they get angry quickly and they're an ENxP, they gotta be an ENTP, disregarding what they might be getting angry at. My thoughts are that you should look at whether you have Fe/Ni or Ne/Fi because there's a pretty big difference between the two. I find that being insensitive and having trouble with routine and finishing things are things both xNTPs struggle with. 

In my experience INTPs are much more judgemental of ideas than ENTPs. They seem to be more dismissive of them if they don't make much logical sense. Not to say that they're closed minded, but if something sounds stupid they'll say so pretty bluntly because dom Ti and inf Fe.

Personally I'm not as blunt as INTPs. If I think something could be done better or if something just doesn't make sense I really try to  fluff up my words. I'm also just more lenient with ideas in general. Something can sound kinda out there or dumb but I'll go with it anyway cause it might be fun.My understanding of Si can be hazy at best but I'll explain what I think is how inf Si shows up in me. 

I'm garbage with routine and follow through as I said earlier. While I can recognise the benefits of tradition and why some people like it I really don't care for it. This shows a lot with my lack of shits to give for specific dates like Birthdays or Christmas.

When I get moody I tend to get intensely nostalgic. I over focus on how things used to be and start to really want things to go back to those "good times". I'll also start to try and emotionally latch on to things I feel comfortable around.Glad to have been helpful :) Assuming you're on a computer on the right hand side just under where it says how many users are subscribed and how many are online there's a little box you can tick that says "Show my flair on this subreddit". Just click edit next to your name and your options should be there. No. I act the same but stupider.
Primary: Cersei Lannister

Secondary: Petyr Baelish

Tertiary: Roose Bolton

Where did I go wrongKeep in mind that being a feeler doesn't mean you're doing everything based on emotion, it's about values.

 In your post you've said stuff like "morality should be based on justice", "punish people who do wrong" and "donate money to the poor". These are you throwing your values out there and you don't really go into detail as to why we should do these things, you just sort of state them as fact. This seems pretty indicative of Fi-Te to me. 

My understanding is pretty limited though, so take what I say with a grain of salt. 16personalities isn't necessarily a glorified BuzzFeed quizz, it's just not MBTI. It's Big 5, but through the lens of MBTI lettering.
Being proven wrong is something I secretly crave for. Breaking the stoïc and boring reality, seeing my ideas and ideals shifting and being given new meanings and purposes fills me with an incredible feeling. And it's rarely negative as I'm usually well aware of that particular aspect.

Of course I am what you would expect from my type, I love being right, it's always amusing but it's not fun to be mister I-told-you-so to be honest. While discovering new directions is mhmh hopeful I guess. It really is something special to see things in a new light.

But if it's really something negative then I guess I would back off, cut the problem into pieces and throw away the useless and keep the positive.

That's all I can give you...It's not impossible for him to be an ENTP, after all it's hard to crack a presidential persona (well...) but I think he's just another ENTJ politician. The main reason for that is that if I were given his position in another life, I would probably behave in the same manner. Other reasons would be the way he talks, he circles a lot around what he wants to say which is typically ENTJish. His F is not t hat connective, it's something he learnt, I would say it's unatural but it's more of a skill he developped. And his politic is based on long term goals and it's always driven by a single idea. I've watched a lot of speeches and interviews, so I think I understand his process. But I could be wrong, who knows..If you want to look inside the ENTJ mind, you don't have to look far. xD

Simon Cowell: Dreadful, atrocious, dreadful, dreadful... That was one of the worst group I've ever heard in my life. Deadful. That was absolutely horrific. Out of tune.Withdrawn? Why would an extrovert be more withdrawn than an introvert?

He's brutally honest, he's not concerned by the Fe at all. He's rather concerned by what he judges to be the objective truth and he does so knowing that he's right because he's a pretentious Fi user. He's a rich businessman with a talent to find potential recording artists. How is that not Te-Ni? And he's mister know-it-all...

If you look at the old team =&gt; Simon Cowell: ENTJ, Paula Abdul: ISFP, Randy Jackson: ENFJ.

they were an incredible team because of these intertype relations. Obviously the duality between ISFP &amp; ENTJ. But then there is also the look alike relationship between ENTJ &amp; ENFJ which is always the best kind of relationship for any collaborations because you process things in the same manner through the middle stacks, however your dom functions are completely opposed. Meaning that the strength of your collaborator is trusted because you know you look at things in the same manner, the difference being that you don't look for the same things. Just like Rick &amp; Daryl, ISFP &amp; ISTP. They don't scream their love at each others, they are friends but not uber close friends, they are rather perfectly parallel to one another.

Same for:

ENTP - ESTP 

ISFJ - INFJ 

ESFJ - ESTJ 

INTP - INFP  

ESFP - ENFP 

INTJ - ISTJ 

Ho and ISFP &amp; ENFJ is also very fine, as fine as INFJ &amp; ENTP.
C-3PO is INTJ enneagram 6 ;) deal with itEveryone knows Star Wars! You're obviously hidding from the fact that you once said there were no INTJ 6's.Fair enough ;Fhttp://www.socionics.com/rel/qid.htmWhy do you create such a gap between Ti and Te? T is T, the difference between an introverted function and an extroverted one is that the introverted one is hyper-focused, it's tunnel vision and the an extroverted function is more detached, it's comparative, and connective on a larger scale. It's literally the same principle for all functions. If you want to have a pure vision of what a side of a function is, look at how it is as a tertiary function.

Besides, both ENTJs and INTPs can use Ti and Te, what matters here is the middle stacks. INTPs study the shit out of a problem and come up with the most complete possible answer. The ENTJs connect the dots and find the most efficient (God I hate that word) solution.

The problem with INTP leaders is that you'd potential fail to see connections that are evident to a ENTJ. The INTP rethoric is far from being perfect because you question every little things. When actually these little things when put together make sense.

Maybe you're doing it right now. Literally cutting every sentences I wrote and even correcting them. xD

You'll always be smarter but the ENTJ is very aware of that fact and that's why we win wars. Because we're not trying to make a point, we're trying to win.Yeah... Hopefully it should be my final form. I'm an odd bird after all, I'm clearly not your typical Te heavy nazi ENTJ. And I'm dyslexic, something I tend to forget as it's not *that* handicapping. A consequence is that I understand things better in 3D, so people usually make more sense than text. How could I not be a feeler with such aptitude? And I'm a typical 4 aka a Fi junkie I guess. I think I lost myself a few years ago, it's quite relieving to have found this last piece of the puzzle.


&gt; ~~Te brute forcing me~~

~~Mmh~~You should be happy, we're now duals.Hey believe what you will. I don't care.Mh pretty much... Psychopatic episodes followed by "I'm above this, I'm above this, I'm above this." xDI don't know but I guess it's linked to our tribal ancestors. Evolution forced us to relay on each others and so these differences appeared and accentuated.

If you look at cats for example, they are all different of course, some are cuddly others are more independant and some are just assholes, etc. But in all in all, they are still cats doing cat things. They don't have these major dinstinctions.

You could think of the brain as one of those long balloons clowns use. Squeeze a side and you make the other bigger. And so we evolved through these *refined* differences, it improved our survivability and our comfort by the fact that we lived as a group. A balanced T wouldn't be as efficient for hunting than a Ti, for example. An ISTP is the perfect choice to play rambo and catch juicy wild boars and bring it back to the rest of tribe. Then you'd need a leader that is more than just a dominant male, and so the ENTJ took his rightful place. NFs kept us from massacring each others, SPs did the hunting and fighting, SJs to keep it steady. ENTPs to tell jokes and INFJs as scapegoats, etc.

If you had all the functions you wouldn't be dependant of others and so you'd live on your own and it would decrease your chances of survival.Logic is logic but I get what you mean. Your post makes valid points even if it's a one sided view on what logic should be, it's a little dehumanizing but then again you're an INTP. 

Also, philosophy is linked to Ni, the difference between Te or Ti doesn't matter in this regard. Probably why you think of Te as an implication tool.Thank you for articulating all of this.INFJ, prolly 146 – The Philosopher Archetype

146

&gt; If you are a 146, you are diligent, intuitive, and inquisitive. You want to be ethical, original and certain. Morally focused, you have strong emotions and are inclined to voice your feelings and intuitions. You care deeply and want to help others improve the expectations they have of themselves.

&gt; Your life mission is to find truth and help others understand what has intrinsic value. A true philosopher, you are happiest when you can use your intuition to help others find meaning.

&gt; You can be so identified with what you perceive is the morally correct way of being that you can come across as overly prudish, rigid and inflexible.

So... SWJ?Definitely So but I don't know about sx. He's most probably contra-flow, so either that or so/sp. 1w2 4w5 6w5?Good point.Stop being sad and try to be awesome instead. Here's exactly what you need ----&gt; [K-POP](https://youtu.be/rRWoGhDctco)

NO JAM NO JAM NO JAM!

OK OK OK!

MORE HAM MORE HAM MORE HAM THOUGH!Hey you don't have to be awesome all of the time, only for 3min32! You don't even have to do it for yourself, do it for me. ;) aaaannnd for your future crowd, your admirers and stalkers! Yes lots of them! Dance and Chant, MORE HAM MORE HAM MORE HAM!Rigorous and passionate. She can only be ISTJ.Rigid and passionate if you prefer.I don't understand why you'd put Tywin and Cersei as the same type, doesn't make much sense to me. Cersei is your typical ESFJ mafia boss. She's not as smart as she thinks she is, a fact that has been repeated mutliple times. She's Fe af, I mean she's all about how people perceive her. A public shaming wouldn't be that hard on inferior Fi, but on a Fe dom, well it might cause a few extreme reactions. Aaaand She found a perfect hand of the queen in Qyburn aka her INTP dual. (I'll use this occasion to remind everyone that a dual is about psychological comfort. You don't have to marry your dual...)

Now for Tyrion... I know you guys want him in your team but it just doesn't match. Ne dom? Sure. But does he really give you a NT vibe? Really? Mmh? Tyrion's wisdom comes from a global common sense (pleonasm intended) but he lacks judgement. He made mistakes that are typically ENFP by failing to put himself into the shoes of others. He has a well developped Te, he knows things but he sometimes doesn't understand them. That's the difference between Ti and Te, to understand vs to know. For example he failed the deal with the slavers because his logical was based on the assumption that they don't need slaves to be rich, he didn't understand that those guys were assholes who wouldn't listen to common sense. It's even underlined [here](https://youtu.be/yv4yLKcXc48?t=33s) and I don't think this is a coincidence, I'm pretty sure you have to be a socionics wizard if you want to be a screenwriter.

But here's the interesting part! If you put all 4 Lannisters together (and I swear it's not there because I want it to be), you get a ring of benefit.

ESFj (ESE) → ENFp (IEE) → ENTj (LIE) → ESTp (SLE) → ESFj (ESE)

Cersei → Tyrion → Tywin → Jaimie → Cersei

And it makes total sense.

Tywin has always seeked the council of Tyrion.

Jaime has always listened to his father's guidance. 

Cersei needs Jaime to be functional and it's not just an affective need.

She's a total asshole to Tyrion so it doesn't show all that well. However she always has the final word against him because she sees his weaknesses.I didn't read the books so I can't say. But sure it's possible, I'll trust you on that one!

http://www.socionics.com/rel/bn.htm

Ho and Varys INFJ for sure. He's the spider on his web, a clear symbolism for Ni-Fe. He wants to make people happy, he's an idealist, he never puts himself in the lead, he's always being someone, no selfish desire, all for the good of the realm. And in the show they put a lot of emphasis on him demonstrating a fearful Fe by giving Tywin a few looks to watch for his F in almost every scene they're together. Mh I don't think ESFJs 8 are uncommon, at least it should be present in their tritype, especially for men. I can't really think of many on the top of my head but I guess they should be present in most mafia movies. Not necessarily as the big boss but somewhere in there for sure. The cherif from Rambo first blood since I saw it not too long ago comes to mind. Carol from the WD maybe, she's definitely Alpha, she could be a counter phobic 6. She has this self doubt about her but all 8's do as well and she gets along well with Daryl who's clearly ISTP 8, so it'd match. She starts as a very weak minded character but she radically change later on so it'd make sense but I dunno.I'd like to make a parenthesis about a subject I haven't seen tackled yet. As a Se user I consider physical beauty as an important aspect of attraction, you might think of it as shallow and you'd right to see it that way. That said having Se opens a window into a very colourful and stimulating world of near constant and sometimes inopportune amazement. I've witnessed the stirring of various emotions inside of myself triggered by all sort of charming imageries through out my life, from the perfect sunset inside an exotic setting to the shy smile of a little girl. I've had the chance to live in a very multicultural city which gave me the opportunity to observe and appreciate the distinct forms of beauty a woman has to offer. The body figure is obviously influenced by your ethnic group but also by one's culture because of alimentary habits, the necessary cadence of life and from social expectations. But learning typology helped me find patterns within the different MBTI types.

The xxSP types tend to be somewhat svelte and/or muscular. Dominant/Auxiliary Se forcing them to live in the moment, they rarely just sit around doing nothing. They'd rather seek various external stimulations rather than being stuck inside the tertiary loop or within their inferior function.

I think NT's and NF's follow the same kind of all or nothing approach, sometimes very thin, sometimes quite chubby.

But SJ's, having dom or aux Si, easily follow through their established routines. They have a certain control over themselves and with a little discipline they can keep an healthy body that is neither too athletic nor too flabby. Add to it that having Fe in the upper stack often causes the user to seek an emotional release through food, which motivates the xSFJ to maintain a nice and pleasant chubby figure on women of these types.

&amp;nbsp;

And so I believe the lapel pin for *best ass* should go to the ISFJ.Well the conflictor would be the INFP, here it's a relation of super ego. And I'll quote, "At a distance these relations can be quite pleasant and friendly accompanied by an interesting exchange of views. However, at closer distances these relations develop into rivalry between the partners." Here there is no rivalry since Tyrion is the black sheep of the family and Jaime is the golden son. So there is no reasons for tensions even if Tyrion most likely feels jealousy towards Jaime but at the same time he cannot blame him for his condition. Even if Tyrion's jealous of him, he's one of his rare allies so there isn't really a reason for conflict. Mine is bigger than yours would be another way to see this kind of relation and clearly Tyrion's tiny.

And since it's a benefit ring there has to be another relation of super ego which is between Tywin and Cersei. However since they are father and daughter, Cersei is the one who suffers from it because she basically has to struggle to prove her worth to him. Eventually she's tired of his demonstrations of power and menace him of revealing her incestuous secret to the world, that's her way to fight and stand her ground in this rivalry. But it's mostly one sided, a daughter seeking the approval of her father.Same as all inferior Ti types, their inflexible judgements. The difference here is that I expect the INFJs to change their minds because we share the same perception axis. It's basically about offering a different look on a given issue, trying to find an angle that would be the solution. From my experience it's rather fun ←~∋(｡Ψ▼ｰ▼)∈ but it doesn't match well with everyone.

The ENTJ-INFJ chain of supervision is described as "V-S; Result, Positivist, Dynamic". The ENTJ will help the INFJ reach results through positive viewpoints and dynamic interactions. It sounds somewhat fusional and I guess it makes sense. The S from V-S stands for synergetic which seems to be good thing but the problem comes from the V which stands for Vortical... Yeah as in Vortex. Now I'm not sure most INFJ's would have the balls to enter the washing machine in hope that after months they might reach some kind of perfect connectivity, especially when they trust their intuition to guide their lives (aka if it doesn't click right away, throw it in the shitter). And I don't think most ENTJs would have the patience to even give it a chance. It's more likely to remain stern and flat.

I guess enneagrams play a big part in this. The 6's and the 9's would prolly benefit the most from this relation but at the same time they both need to speak up and find balance between the do's and don'ts. That said how do you even approach a 6? If you say, "Hey want a piece of gum?" they hear, "Hey pssssst, wanna... try thissssss forbi- thisss fruit?". Good luck dealing with that shit as the supervisor. And I imagine the typical suited up ENTJ 8 might seem off putting to the free thinker. Anyways...

The critical nature of this relation comes from the blindspot (7th function) of the supervisee which is the dominant function of the supervisor. INFPs will tell ENTPs to not joke about the disables because they didn't choose to be like that, etc. So it's not that bad per say if there is a form of understanding between the two but it can be a little violent in the beginning. ~~Or towards the end as for Rihanna and Chris Brown...~~ 
 
If you want a deeper look there's this [thing](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/78-Supervision-relations).


[Basically.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7BCRXkcW-w)Here's my gift to the male INTP community. I'm going to teach you how to walk with swag.

I want you to image a table lamp like in the pixar intro and think of it as your lower body. In this picture the funnel represents your hips and the emanating light as your legs. The key is in the dinstinction between your legs and your hips. Your hips shouldn't follow your legs but it's your legs that should follow your hips just like the light coming from the lamp does. Walk with the tilting of your hips, project them forward and trust your legs not to fail you. Takes at least one hour per day to maintain the swag where it should be, you have to walk at least one hour everyday so it's all good, chill. 

Sshh listen, don't over do it. It's all about letting the light follow your moves. Keep a straight figure and allow your legs to make movements that might feel clumsy at first but with the right amount of pratice you'll master the I-don't-give-a-shit-cowboy-swag move, i guarantee it.

It's one of my most valuable arcanes, you should feel blessed, you who are reading this.

Fuck it, here's another one.

Bitches love chocolate mousse and it's super easy to make. 

You don't have to cook anything fancy, you just need eggs and sugar. But here's the key, you need good quality black chocolate and you need to add up to 20% more chocolate than the receipe recommands. You want it to be so good it makes you sick. Make sure that once you pour the melted chocolate with the beaten eggs, you make up and down moves, you don't want to shake it like a maniac. There... She'll feel bad about gaining weight and devaluate herself which is good for you, by her lowering her standards you'll reach a more agreeable position!

Bitches love chocolate mousse.[Hey-](https://i.imgflip.com/j1obl.jpg)That's fascinating. I understand this is from Psychological Types right? Are you an avid reader of Carl Jung? Would you have any recommandations that would touch on this sort of thematic?Hey, why are we leading with the heart center you and I? We're NTJs, this doesn't make any sense. Why am I a 4 when I have inferior Fi? Why are you a 3 when you don't have Fe? Nothing about it makes sense.You're right. **I** don't make sense! I'm thinking about going full 7 to rebalance it into 741. The tritype works through heart, head and gut. It's 3 completely different angles, it should be possible to switch between these 3 by focusing on the right functions and emotions. Shame, fear, anger, those are all emotions and any emotions can be repressed for the sake of another. Well I don't think you can just choose your enneagram. I'm pretty sure it all takes place before you reach the age of 6. But the tritype theory is something else, it's all about focus of the mind. You are you thoughts.

The heart center moves towards people, the head is about rationalizing and the gut is more of an autopilote, I guess. So let's say, instead of nurturing typical type 4 ideas like "I need a saviour", I could just brush it off with a more rational view like "hey I'll find someone eventually, it's all good".

ENTJ 74's exist though, but they might look like ESTP's or even ENTP's.

I'm sure you feel some anger here and there. As a 471 I'm annoyed with things not going into the right direction but it's a just a lil 2-3seconds emotion usually quickly covered by a more 4ish reasoning. But if you never feel anything like it you might just be a 9! Hey if you're 369 and I'm 741, our enneagrams complete each others perfectly, just sayin'. ;)Well I'd like to avoid personal interpretations, I want to hear what the brillant psychiatrist has to say but not the philosopher. I don't mind attacking the hard books as long as they are informative on his direct observations. I'll definitely start with PT, thx.ESTP 387 is my guess. xDIt could be worse......I'm shit brown.People who enjoy democracy might as well understand what it means. It's about finding a compromise between two opposing views and not finding out which side is the right one. People are so convinced that what they do is righteous that they don't realize that they are pretty much "The Problem".  

Nuance is dead.It's not quite blue though xD

Thx Based modsAt my best I look like Jin-Goo from Plus 9 Boys, like a lot. O.O

I mean I heard so, I don't watch kdramas. It's for gurls.Dude buy a pair of EnChroma glasses and record yourself unpacking it. Put them on, cry a little and say something like "omg it's like a whole new world" and then post it on youtube. I swear I'll tear up a little with you.

Mh it doesn't cost too much I think, depending on the pair you buy. And you can do an online test, you don't have to see a doctor. I checked the site before and I think the cheapest were easily less than 50eur.I guess you were right. 

[Hey have you tried this new game, it's fast and fun and free and it's far better than pokemon *go!*](http://enchroma.com/test/instructions/)Fine turn your back on all the joy Kyary Pamyu Pamyu offers you and embrace your life of crime solving as a detective from the 40's.

ԅ(≖‿≖ ԅ) The seed of doubt has been planted.You don't use only one function while interracting with people, seems pretty evident to me.You could be a stressed 7 or simply a 5. You could be a 25x and somehow the 2 didn't work out so you went full 5. Enneagrams are based on fears not on function, "punt aan de lijn". 

You might as well look at the Ni subtype.

Description by Victor Gulenko

Predisposed to reflection, internal fluctuations and doubts. Thinks descriptively, is inclined to philosophy. Not very critical of external appearances, not exacting of their food. Reserved, sensitive, fragile, speaks out unobtrusively, They are popular and punctual. A good educator and teacher; can entice their listeners. Outwardly calm. Eloquent when recounting material.Yeah but there isn't always a flow of Ni. What about when you're forced to have a conversation with someone who's not necessarily boring but just plain toxic and completely incompatible with the way you think? People who can't understand the simple laws of causality, having to listen to someone complaining about a problem they saw coming 2 months ago but somehow didn't prepare for, is just hell on earth. 30min of hearing them complaining about it and I'm drained flat for the next 5hours.

People who keep giving you the same topics of conversations you never cared for or those who have no imagination whatsoever. It's not even based on types, it really isn't. Some people are just so plain that there is literally zero extraversion to be found. And when all you do is empty talks, well you get drained quite fast.

There's also a special place in hell next to Satan for women who can't shut up about their boyfriends. What the fuck do you want me to do with this information? There is literally nothing I can do with it, it's the abyss found within your own mind.
That's probably a sign you have a big ego.So hum I think it's going to be hard to type you since you seem very depressed. You're probably a 4 so I'd say the best hint we could find is by asking you what would the best version of you look like? You probably have a picture of yourself that you'd like to reach or go back to. What is that person like? But keep it grounded to past experiences. Try to think of details, any and every. How did you interract with people? Who? How? blablabla?ESFJAll NT's can potentially suffer from this "I smart therefore I understand everything there is and will be" weird mindset. It's not even a question of maturity, per say. Mental health certainly plays a role in that but intellect as well. It takes a curious mind to allow the possibility that there is something you don't quite understand yet. Which is often a social dimension, because we don't live in an objective world, we live in a human world with human rules. But there is also the fact that despite having T and N as their dom and aux functions, NT's can't acces their shadow auxiliary without an external stimuli. If you're not humble or just simply smart (you know the saying, "only fools don't change their mind") enough to understand that there is a fourth of the pie that has to be "given" to you... well maybe not given, let's just say it's not baked yet... Then you won't see every aspect of an issue. But he's young so I wouldn't worry about that too much. Just make sure to strike his ego whenever he fails.I typed him a while ago so I don't exactly remember. But he's extremely connected to the people around him, always putting the Fe where it should be. He's very adaptive in that sense, too much that there's no way he's not a Fe dom. His character in The Force Awakens is clearly an ESFJ counterphobic 6 and I don't think a huge franchise like this one would simply trust an INTJ actor to play an ESFJ, if you know what I mean. xD In that alien invasion movie he was more of an ISTP, which shows a great range of acting. I believe that Fe-Si-Ne kinda makes you a born actor if you choose to go on that road. Fe-Ni or even Ni-Fe is different because it adapts to what is needed, like a ying to your yang. While Fe-Si-Ne just becomes part of whatever group is present at the time. If you can perceive this Alpha/Beta difference, it kinda becomes obvious.

As a side note, ESFJs are potentially the greatest manipulators of all because you literally can't suspect them. They wanna be seen as perfect, so they'll never put themselves upfront. They'd rather speak in the name of others while in truth they're just serving their own purpose. I believe this what they call "la pensée en arborescence" for gifted kids. But the french like to make tons out of nothing... I think this is just a sign that you're a somewhat smart INFJ. The fact that you see all these possibility is a sign of a dominant Ni combined with Ti. The Ni being on top gives it an unconstrained quality, because there is no filter per say. The Ti is "pure" because you have no Te, sooo again it gives it this unconstrained quality.

Ne doesn't work like that, it builds around ideas but it doesn't create itself around 10 scenarios at a time. INTJs are very different because their Te narrows down their Ni while for Ni-Ti users it's more about seeing different paths.

You're self giving and introspective so you're probably a 25x tritype. As a kid you had little Ti so you were just Ni-Fe but later on your Ti developped and it made you more introspective.

[How would you dance on this?](https://youtu.be/qqK1FrO3BdM?t=2m49s)Do you know your enneagram and tritype?They're way too busy being badasses.It's the theory that you have one enneagram for each centers, one for the head, heart and gut with one being the leading core. So you could be 945 for example and with this combination comes your archetype and a neat description of your life's goal.

9w8 that's pretty cute for an INFJ. How do you handle conflicts? Do you have ESTP terminator-like episodes? Yeah that makes perfect sense actually. ~~Dem PMS days right? xD~~ 

*cough*

Unfortunately finding your tritype is not an easy thing to do, the best you could do is probably to compare enneagrams 2, 3, 4 and ask yourself which of these fits you the best. Are you someone who seeks to help others before yourself, are you a self motivated person who tries to fit in or are you the hipster type who's too cool for any of it. (second one is unlikely)

Than you do the same for 5, 6, 7. Is your natural stance to study every facets of a problem before venturing in it, do you have this overthinking animalistic quality that makes you seek safety, or a you a happy go lucky kind of person? (last one is unlikely)

[Here](http://www.lessons4living.com/overview.htm)'s the basics, there's also [this](http://www.enneagramspectrum.com/enneagram-styles/). I could give you more infos but you're a lazy 9, you won't read any it!

Tbh the more you'll read about it and the more you'll doubt, so try to not overcomplicate things. It's normal to recognize yourself in all of them but there should be a bottom of truth about yourself when you compare the triad within each centers.

Once you've found your full number, you can collect your price [here](http://personalitycafe.com/enneagram-personality-theory-forum/73452-27-tritype-archetype-descriptions.html).Sounds like a lot more than two questions. ;x I kid

Well let's see. Yes I'd say people can go through huge changes over time but it's more about the different facets of their personalities taking charge over another. You're not going to become a 8 if you're a 9. But if you find the love of your life, you could switch to the heart triad, etc. I do believe that you are your thoughts and that your focus can vary a lot in a lifetime.

You say you're definitely not a 6, but if you're under stress as a 9 you would become a lot more doubtful and suspicious. And if things go well you'll be more like a 3, more focused on taking positive and effective actions. Than there's your wing that plays a role as well, your 8 wing can go into 2 and 5! So it's really easy to find that you can relate to every enneagrams. 

INFJ 7's are rare, it's not impossible just unlikely. But everything is possible depending on how you were raised and your culture, etc. You won't find many enneagram 4's "the individualist" inside North Korea for example... or maybe in concentration camps...

Mh I guess what would help would be to find your [deadly sins](http://www.anamcara.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/Passions.gif).

As a 471, I can see these problems I have lol... 

I'm envious but it's not really obvious to me. It's more about being disatisfied of what I have. One of my favourite saying is "0+0=0", which is kinda like my copying mechanism. It's like "I have nothing but if I had this thing, everything would be fine". Which probably influenced by the 1 as well. Hopefully I fixed it.

Gluttony for me is undercontrol unless I'm tempted. If there's chocolate in the house I'll eat it *everything* in one day. If there's weed, I'll smoke until there's nothing left. Very excessively. ( '-.-

I'm not a angry person by any means but when I get pissed it's not a joke. It's not my "core" so it doesn't affect me as much. Prolly 1w9 so that plays as well. But if someone is doing something in a retarded manner, it slowly drives me insane. It's like I don't know... like "Hey we drove in the middle of the woods and we have nowhere to sit, so let's take the wheels of the car to sit on it. We won't be able to drive anymore but hey at least we'll be able to sit hahahahah" ieriozuepoanhceiphfiozejfijrioe-Stop. 

Bad example but pretty much that.

&gt; Hopefully I fixed it.

[Being aware of what your mind is focused on would greatly help as well.](http://static.wixstatic.com/media/247b3c_b83fbcf8c0de2efaa9931d78945e81e2.png/v1/fill/w_685,h_680,al_c,usm_0.66_1.00_0.01/247b3c_b83fbcf8c0de2efaa9931d78945e81e2.png) Might take some time but eventually it'll become obvious.Mmmh I don't think you're a 952 at least. Cause this tritype is completely autistic about receiving any kind of help. Since you asked for my help and don't see yourself as a 6, perhaps you're 945 The Seeker. You seem to have a curiousity about yourself so it kinda fits with this thematic. 

here's a secret link https://youtu.be/KV_0365m8kw

~~Am I typing God yet or what?!~~

Edit... wait I got that wrong...When they're in a bad spot the 4 is shy and the 9 inerte. The 4 sees what is missing within himself and so goes into his cave to hide... The 9 might be too compliant and so he'd tend to erase himself from the picture to let others handle things. 5 is obervant and therefore passive, he doesn't want to go towards people. But it's all about the combo you get. I talked the 259 and he can feel very lonely because he's passive because of the 9, so he'd use the knowledge from the 5 to become the problem solver and so he'd reach people for the 2, for example.

4 is self absorbed, 5 doesn't go towards people, 9 is compliant. So yeah shy and inerte makes sense. I posted a video about the 459 "The contemplative" a few days ago, it's in my post hystory. Very passive pie that one. xD The video I just gave you is actually 469, my bad.

Mhh I don't know about a 8 because he'd just drag you along and it wouldn't be the best for your personnal growth. You need someone who's going to help you develop. Soooo I dunno maybe... It's better to share one or more enneagrams and maybe to have opposed numbers as well. Could be like a 1 to oppose your 9 and the rest would be shared... Like a 145, the batman archetype, I mean "The Researcher Archetype". Or something like that. A 7 might be nice too because both 7 and 9 want to have fun. Lots of possibilities!

My personal theory is to share integration and desintegration points. But that's just my theory, I don't wanna impose it on anyone yet. *Cough* That said 459 would go into 183, but that tritype with yours would be completely one sided, great for your growth but negative for him. xD 

Going for a core 1 as a core 9 is probably the safest thing you could do. If you wanna dig in it, google is filled with forums about it.

np!Aurarus is the hero this sub needs, not the one it deserves. [Cheers.](http://i.huffpost.com/gen/3498298/images/o-GATSBY-LE-MAGNIFIQUE-facebook.jpg)I definitely agree with the link over the comment your friend made. It's most likely an instinctive variants thing. If you're Sp/So, you drink your bio orange jus and feel the majority of your needs are met but if you live in a Sx/So world, it's very different. If the focus is fixed towards people and their uniqueness, your subconscient takes an *insane* amount of comparative values.

How do you combine the best of your ethnicity? How's your silouhette and how does it match your personality? What's your reaction towards x issue? How do you combine all these things we saw in others? What did you steal from someone else that I liked about them? Sure if you'e slim, you're prettier but if you're thicker, you're sexier. How does your body combine the two to get the best of both worlds?


How does your flaws manifest? What's your own brand of stupidity? What makes you proud and how? What makes you sad and how? How far are you willing to go outside of yourself and how are you going to come back to yourself? Your skin tone is interesting but since you're very indoor that makes you quite pale giving a nice interesting mix, mh...

I'm pretty sure there is some kind of subconscient equation happening inside of your brain. Some kind of addition of points, let's call it Perfection Points. Like "Ho so you're a dutch blonde (+500 PP) with very light hair on the your temples (+200) AND your petite and bubbly (x10) so that's a total of 7.000 PP. You've shown me a cute side of you by crying over a dead bird. So that's should be 1.000 additional points but since we've known each other for a year, you have 5% diminushed value by the annual boredom tax, so that's an evolution of (8.000-7.000:7.000x95) 13,57%. Good year, good year..."

Fake tits? I'm sorry that's a 50.000 PP minus.

Plagues my life to be honest, when there is so many things to be appreciated. How are you supposed to settle down for a 27.000 PP when some rare chicks can reach 1.000.000 PP? Sure you won't be as excited about these things as times pass. But did Gollum ever got tired of his precious? Can you forget about the prettiest smile or the most perfect nose in the universe? ~~[Bless](http://i.imgur.com/7GhAuPK.png)~~ Damn this shallow tertiary Se!Sooo honestly I would warn you to watch out for this "Innovation" thingie. Because if you're counting on that factor as your secret weapon, you're going to have a very bad surprise.

I don't want to write a wall about it (cba) so I'll just say that the most successful Ne dom or aux usually completely turn away from this idea of novelty. Sure there's a spark, some kind of unique element that makes them different from others but within their own art, they're actually very traditional. The Ne grows around a thematic but one it's established, it doesn't change that much. It just grows in one direction. This innovative quality is actually irrelevant at the end of the day. I mean understand me well, it's creative within its own repetitions but the moment you run left and right with an idea than it becomes shit. Again, it's easily observable in any successful high Ne users.I have a funny event that happened a few years ago but I don't know if it's receptive outside of myself. So you'll be my experiement, I guess.

So I'm in Croatia on a bike tour and it's pretty rough to say the least. We bike all day, eat, tent and repeat. I don't know if you can imagine what Croatia is during summer time but it's basically a volcanic world where temperature can easily reach 35° celsius. It's rocky and every plants have thorns, all around very uncomfortable. But the worst is that there is no flat terrain, it just goes up and down, up and down and it never stops. After day 3, I was in so much pain and exhaustion that I became a zombie. I talked, I walked and laughed but I was a 100% on autopilot, I just wasn't there anymore. xD

We were doing between 50 and 100 kilometres a day, depending on how much hills (which really looked like mountains), we were crossing everyday. And at some point we decided to gain some time by taking a train so we could see the south of the country. Unfortunately that meant we had to switch between a few trains during the night time. It was 2am and we were beyond any idea of exhaustion you could imagine and we were lost. xD Now the thing about me when I'm tired is that I easily get hysterical laughters that can last between 15 to 30 minutes. 

And so we're carrying these bikes with all the heavy equipments that go with it. It's super tough, I'm so exhausted, I don't give a shit anymore. I don't care if we get lost, I don't care if we take the wrong train and wake up in russia. I just can't fucking deal with any of it. Thankfully I was with 2 friends who still had enough energy to guide me through it and so we decide to ask one of the ticket inspector for help.

And so we found this nice ticket guy who was very friendly and so willing to help us. The problem is that he didn't speak a single word of english. But we need to know where we are and where we're going so we need to break this language barrier. And my friends start engaging and they talk and talk but we just can't understand anything this guy is saying. And 15 minutes pass and I'm starting to wake up a little and see the funny side of this situation. xD

I'm looking at this guy who is soooo upbeat and soooo friendly and he talks and talks and talks but I can't fucking make sense of a single word he's saying! And I realize, holy shit it must be 2am and this guy has so much energy... with his tight shorts xD but he's so dumb he doesn't get that we can't fucking understand and single word he's saying. And he's sooo engaging and nice, a real parody. I'm starting to laugh like a manic, thinking to myself "this guy can't be fucking real". And it gets way out of proportion, I can't even look at him in the eyes anymore. I'm thinking to myself "I can't just fucking mock him when he's so nice and trying so hard to help us". So I just bite my cheek trying to keep it together. But it's just so funny with this conversation where there isn't a single exchange of idea or direction or anything. It's just this silly guy being so energetic with his shorts and his fucking positive energy talking to us. xD At this point I'm just far in the back, trying to cool myself.

And then I see him pulling out a marker out of his pocket and I'm thinking "ho great he's going to give us a paper with a map and directions". And he fucking starts writing on the walls of his own train. xD I'm in tears, I can't deal with it anymore. I just leave and go sit somewhere, still laughing. Can't stop it.

10min pass and I'm just starting to cool off. It's all good, my friends will known what to do I'm just going to sleep now.

The ticket guy comes out of nowhere and starts talking to me. I start to laugh again like a maniac, trying so damn hard to mask this laugh as a smile. "Please make it stop." 

And then I heard it. The most ridiculous ringing tone I had ever heard in my entire life. And of course it was his phone, of course it had to be that fucking guy's phone. I exploded right on his face. xD I can't do anything anymore I'm just histerically laughing with him right next to me. Kept on laughing for half an hour before passing out. It was fucking [Techno Chicken](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jiz1jptQkZE).
947 The Gentle Spirit also called The Escapist... for good reasons.

you actually reminded me of someone I used to know. So this greatly helps clarifying it, thanks. She liked Rock Lee but her profile picture was of Gaara, hehe. Her mantra was something like "No one can do everything, but everyone can do something".

[Here's a secret video.](https://youtu.be/JZEw2T_tZf4) I could share the whole playlist but I like this 1337 The Keymaster Archetype I gave myself. :p

"Can't allow pessimism", "can't be viewed as someone who's not spiritual", "fairy quality"'. Yeah makes plenty of sense.Oh you're so cute and self conscious. Ah la la, I wish I had the power to make this video viral to see how you'd react.:3

Definitely absent of Ne/Si seeing how you look for your words so much. Then you literally talked about everyone else but you, so I guess high Fe. You sound NF af but you it might just be a phase.Ne doms.Every individual matters and we can all make a meaningful difference even if we're not always aware of it by spreading love?

I think I found the INFJ 269.That I should watch my weight because if I let myself go a little, my cheeks bones disappear and we don't want that.

I'm thinking that I need to leave this country very soon or I'll be stuck in it for a very long time. Hopefully it'll work out.

I'm thinking about how Ne users can easily fall into a weird mental state that I don't know how to call without being offensive. Fuck it, the looser mental state where they endlessly create their own subjective reality without ever facing cold objectivity aka I make my own truth, fuck yours. Example: this guy is only succesful because of x reason and not because of hard work. And so I'm not going to change anything about my life because it wouldn't change anything aka I can endlessly create excuses for the fact that my life ain't reflecting success. Which would explain why ENTPs are the least well paid of all the types (ho yeah it's a fact). Unfortunately I don't know how I could possibly place this theory inside this forum without being bombarded by downvotes for the same ironic reason that they'll find reasons on why I'm wrong. I'd say a big majority of ENTPs fall into this pattern of negative thoughts and are completely unaware of it because of this same ironic loop. Ah... there we go The Irony Loop Phenomenum. Pff I bet some could potentially read this, change their lives around and imagine it was their idea... God man... ENTPs... so fucking annoying. Downvote me I'm ready, it was worth it...

I'm thinking about boobs a lot and asian women.

What else... huh

I think about how none of the actual polemics are going anywhere, I could sleep for 5 years and not miss a thing. And about all the things we've come to accept that are actually revolting if we were to dig a little.

And sure social interractions, I guess that normal for everyone.

That kind of things anyway.So I don't know about super unhealthy types but normally it's honestly not that complicated. You just have to establish a consensus where you slightly loose. I mean it really is just that. If they see you giving in to their demands, they'll be okay with doing something for you in return. Then you can easily use their own guilt against them. xD

"Of course you're right but...", "Wow do you remember that time I did this for you for free and now I'm asking this little thing and you refuse?"

ISFPs need to see you being accommodating for them and then you'll earn their favours. INFPs are kinda the same except they're big babies. The process can be very enjoyable if you can accept that you're in a position where you slightly loose the deal. You just have to see them as they truly are. They are not unbreakable walls, they are just stubborn Teddy Bears. Give them some sweet talks, don't be offended if they push you away, you should rather see it as a challenge because that's what they want. You don't have to be their bitch, just find where the balance lies. Push and pull, push and pull, fairly easy. There are other types that are so difficult to deal with, the ENTJ-IxFP is very natural if you can understand that you already have all the right tools in these relations of duality/semi-duality.Te is black huh? ( '-.-)

You should read Insomnia, you'd like it.
I always thought of her as an ENFJ-Ni. She has that clear Ni vision of what her life should be that she planned years ago and all these deviations are contemplatively perceived and measured until she feels like nothing is as it should be which is very ENxJ I'd say. She builds around her disatisfactions, she has a clear control over her Ni but she uses her Ne as a negative tool, she's quick to react and change her plans based on these perceptions. And she's manipulative af and easily does so. She's not a bubbly caricature of an ENFJ but she has that Fe dom awareness, she needs attention, she needs others to give her that attention in the way she wants it. She made Neil harris Patrick her puppet and she manipulates pretty much everyone into seeing her in the way she intends it. Who would be best fit to fill this cult leader role? What do you think?&gt; As /u/Vatimus said, she is in no way, shape or form an extrovert.

I can't agree with that. Being an extrovert doesn't necessarily mean you're going to be found inside of a bar every friday nights. There's a channel on youtube called MBTV, the guy is ENTJ and he made a few videos about his type and what it means blabla. In one of his videos he says something like "ENTJs can go inside of their Ni and stay there for a whole day if they want to". I giggled and thought to myself "Ahahahahaha yeah or like a year or two, am I right? hahahah" ( '-.-)...

To me, the foundation of what it means to be an extrovert is how you're stimulated by external factors and how you're respond to them. But honestly I couldn't give you a proper definition beyond that. ENxP will socialize mostly by listening to themselves talk. ISTPs can seek constant social presence just to keep themselves out of the Ti-Se loop which is pretty damn heavy. EJRandee was obviously very reclused when he made his latest videos. And an ENTJ can just stand there and keep quiet if nothing around him fits with his Ni "values". 

I'm not saying she's obviously an extrovert, just that the difference between E &amp; I is a lot thinner than it looks.

And I agree with you it's a lot harder to type someone with a mental condition. That said I strongly believe that there is a need for a strong base inside movie making, they're simply not going to take chances. Even if it doesn't fit perfectly with the book, they'll take the cinematic approach which to condense... things and stuff. Because you're not going to have the room to develop things and stuff inside these 1h30min.

I said cult leader mainly because I didn't want to expand on it. But since I like being right I did some youtube research. xD

[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaoQNDIf6pY) clip sounds soooo Fe+Ni/Ni+Fe to me, I don't know what to add! So yeah I could see her as an INFJ but she could totally be an ENFJ as well because she has that Se thing going on, she doesn't just sit in a corner, she takes action. And if you're looking for an ENTJ in this movie, it'd be inside of Ben Affleck character tbh.Mh I can totally imagine, my mother must have some kind of narcissim disorder as well. I was convinced that she was an INTP because of all these clues I had found but I realized most of them could be explained differently and NPD makes plenty of sense. There are just way too many logical "bugs" for her to be NT. And it's definitely extra hard to type people close to you.

Some people live their whole life within so much stress that you never actually see their real "core". They just accept their conditions, which later on can become mental illnesses. I believe that mental illnesses are always present in each individuals but only to a certain degree. If you're pushed into them or even accept them yourself, that's where they grow and take control and then you're trapped inside of them. It's a scary thought.Socionics logic when it comes to finding the "ideal mate" is kinda like the one of a redneck. Basically everything inside of your own quadra is fine but "don't go around messin' with them deltas or gammas. Gotta keep it pure, son".

I think you can find a great deal of growth by interacting with the different intertypes. It's like every one of them will teach you a new thing only them can, if you want. That's all I have to say on the matter.You're missing an important point though. Gammas words are "a place for everything and everything in its place". Obviously the remaining Deltas will be enslave and put to work. Same with the Alphas, we'll find them desk jobs but no internet connections. And Betas will be used for pleasure.We'll corrupt you from within by giving a lot of power to the ESTJs. We'll use INTPs to create a very addictive drug to control turbulent slaves. We'll give NTP's 1 hour of conrolled internet per day and additional internet time to the most faithful. We'll create a favorable religion we'll force on feelers to ease the sexual exploitation. We'll give puppies to NF's to insure their loyalty. We could use a very cruel system where if they show signs of rebellion we'd kill their pet and instantly give you a new one, repeating the circle. Holy shit, I am evil. :3Prolly comes from the *violent* contrast...&gt; "ideal mate"The way I look at it. Te/Fi Reason/Principle Ti/Fe Logic/Assumption ; They are synonyms but they don't exactly mean the same thing. Extroverted functions are flexible/adaptive, introverted ones are not, because they refer to "tangible" factors.Alas our protagonist wasn't looking for freedom in the end. I will say no more. I do not wish to spoil virgin eyes.Imo the supervisee can have this effect on the supervisor. Exempted of your dom, they're inside their own bubble, it's kinda appeasing to behold. It just makes you wanna step inside and stay there for a while and hopefully find a little peace."In in real life"... Good job, me!RIP in peace me.Because the middle stack is easy to identify.&gt; The first answer will be some politically correct Fe mimicry to test a person's Asshole Score

Yeah that's what I find hard to read.Good point.&gt;.&gt;Don Quixote as an ENTP xD didn't think of that one but it's so right!

Thanks for your comment Meow, you prove that ISFJs can indeed be smart when recognizing and bringing the necessary points to complete a full picture.

This is actually a very important point to me. It's something I've seen over and over and I simply do not understand how I could possibly past through it. It annoys me on the deepest level to know that I cannot affect it, simpy because I cannot accept it. To be honest I believe that I can't reason with an ISFJ into seeing the importance of my point of view but I'd like to develop a way to go around it. 

I first thought of that using an overly simplified language would help the ISFJ process the informations I'm trying to convey but clearly that has never worked, ever. Still it is very hard for me to imagine another way to go around it when I just bring down everything to a simple equation.

Ne is expansive and Ni is connective. Tertiary Ne works based on a single ideal and builds around it. Tertiary Ni take the sum of one's perceptive world and create a singlear ideal. Those are very simple to understand and overall hard to affect as they are in a valued personal spot.

In a way I guess there is no "sum of one's perceptive world" or in another words, there are no conclusions or at least no conclusive thoughts as I would imagine them. Inferior Ne is completing the Dom function of Si, it's charged with factors meant to perfect situational instances aka an anxiety machine when it comes to novelty and a very competant tool when it comes to execute what is expected. My Ni won't ever reach the ISFJ's Ni, if I want to introduce my own vision into the picture I certainly can't acces it by this mean. I guess my only options are through Se, Ti, and Fe or at least a very self conscious state of what my appearence transcribes to the outisde and to the very sharp tool that is Si-Fe in noticing any and every variations. Which would imply the need to share my emotional state in the most truthful way possible as the Ni factor won't be there to connect the signs as Ni is interpretation. 

Introducing novelty should be done through an unshared leadership when it comes to the global vision and a close connective and precise role when it comes to the applications. Gaining the necessary trust for that should be completely one sided I guess as the ISFJ as no way to understand my goals and share my vision. Well... One sided... I understand myself. Communication could be a little tricky, I might have to bring out my shadow INTP, sounds fun.

It's very odd because somehow I'm 100% certain that for the good of my mental health, I have to have a good relationship with ISFJs in general. It's reflective in a sense, my Ni told me so at least.

&gt; I had a lot of things to say at one point, and it's passed.

What were they?I really really doubt you being an intuitive. You definitely give a very ISxP vibe in the way you explore your intuition. Trust me I'm a god at this game, you're an ISTP.I love how your rethoric contradicts itself. xDAre you sure of your typing? Because I can understand you having a preference for something Zen but you make it sound like it doesn't matter all the same which is quite contradictory to tertiary Se.IMO lots of people misidentify as ENTJ. They link the idea of their drive towards success with the type when they're just E3's. These two factors often meet one another but they're not inexorably bound.Well think of N as a sense of context. Each one of these questions fell into your own contextual understanding and you answered them through it. The thing is that there were no real deviations to your answers. You might feel like you could have answered them better but from an objective point of view, you did well as there were no off-topic deviations. Erh but there are 2 kind of "deviations", one might come from Ne and the other from litterally missing the context or at least the globality of the context. So in other words your N is high enough for you to have a grasp on it but not low enough to demonstrate a clumsy irrelevant Ne, or any Ne whatsoever. 

Ne is an extroverted function and so by nature it tries to find a relevence to every and any contextual understandings. You have tertiary Ni, your intuition is still a big deal for you but the fact is that any tertiary function is limited to one side of the function. In other words, you have no Ne but a somewhat sharp Ni.

Erh just for clarity, this is how it works. Ni dom = easy access to Ne (ho and in the same logic you show plenty of Te); Ni auxiliary = Ne is in need of a trigger to manifest, it's somewhat weak in its use but fully understood; Ni tert = Ne blindspot; Ni inferior = a shitty synthetical understanding of Ne. 

Also you are very animated as I'm sure you're aware. Your Se is high and so it sort of needs to be experienced. Pff it's technical again but basically if you were Se dom you'd be much comfortable standing still as you'd have a more solid grasp on Si. Since it's auxiliary, it makes you agitated if that makes sense. BTW doing a sport is a very good idea for you since it's going to calm down that Se.

But what I find most talkative in your physical expressions is the facial aspect. You're very expressive but you don't have a very good control over it. Higher Fe users would use those facial expression to contribuate to whatever message they're trying to convey. But you're still young and your Fe is inferior, so you don't have a very good control over it yet. I mean nothing wrong with your face xD but higher Fe would be more seductive (in the large sense).

You speak in terms of like/dislike as if it were the same for everyone but that's a typical Fi aspect. Logic follows logic, it doesn't choose to like a certain kind of logic. Logic is static in regard of information. Perception is where ideas differ.

So basically, you're reaffirming how your dominant function works and how different it is from its opposite side of the axis. Do you see the irony?We can reason with all 8 functions but we have preferences for certain ones depending on their placement inside our stacking. It doesn't change the nature of what a single E/I function does. The combo of functions will create an attitude and obviously we're subjective to our own selves but facts are not subjective. If a T fails at logic, it's because of our own subjectivity but the process remains the same. Someone's logic can be wrong but it cannot alter the process of logic as it follows a conscious mathematical methodology. You can't address the process of a function as subjective, it's the applications that are subjectives. You've twisted this on itself because you're not expanding the logic, you're expanding your own perceptions. &lt;==== The Irony) When you're talking about ultimate logic, we're simply not speaking about the same thing because you speak about the applications of what it means to you as an INFP. 

1+3 will always equal 3 as there isn't any other way to logically look at this problem. You need to accept that if you're going to look at things from my perspective. You've created a mythology out of a misunderstanding. 

&gt; Te doesn't make you logical and efficient, it makes you like logical and efficient things. 

This is false. You are your thougts, you don't become your likings. You can't like something based on nothing. God this is becoming silly, I honestly don't know what else to add from here. You could definitely be ISTJ, I'd say there's 83% chance that you're one. There's nothing in the way you write that would hint towards intuition. 

Have you looked into it?What is Te to you?&gt; Random numbers really leave a lasting impression on the uninitiated.

They're not random, they're mine.

Let's see, you say you have a problem showing emotions. I can somewhat relate but most ENTJs wouldn't mind doing something silly to express their emotions without needing to act genuine. For you it sounds more like a real haunting problem aka the Fe blindspot but you're not a Ni dom that's not even a question.

You play football or w/e and you enjoy the tactical aspect. That's interesting but it rather shows Perception over Judging. Judging over Perception is very different... As someone else wrote in another post, Tactic vs Stragy.

Overall you gave us a list of signs of Si as in "I study 9 hours", or "I can remember a page from a book". See if you were an ENTJ you'd remember why you think a certain way but not because you have a photo memory. If I loose an item I'm going to remember the reason that would have influenced me to handle the object but I would have very little memories of me actually touching the item.

You say you're happy if you're efficient but you make it sound more like a Si-Te personal attitude as if you looked for effeciency in everything you do. That's not true for Te-Ni or Ni-Te because both have very little Si which means that those two types simply can't apply efficiency in every aspect of their lives as you won't find much automatism inside their behaviors.

There are other points that could be used either way so I'm not going to waste time on them. Anyways the way you write seems to imply a preference for sensing, I'll stand behind my 83%.I still believe you're an ISTP in the grip of Ni. Every one of your comments are presented as a claim to a certainty. It really feels like a full Ti-Ni approach, you give a judgement on a personal perception that does not allow much space for a compromise of ideas. Clearly your Ni is very present inside of your mind but you're not showing much Ne, which really leads to a tertiary Ni.

And your comment right here, really emphasizes Ti-Ni. 

&gt; As an example there are plenty of times I get hung up on some small inaccuracy and harp on it for ages, like a definition or a minor difference in how something is expressed blabla

That can be a very ISTP thing, believe it or not. Someone who has access to Ne would be more inclined to a nuanced perception because it would somewhat allow novelty inside of a context.

&gt; the trajectory of the ideas you've spent a lot of time thinking about

This sounds like a linear way of thinking. :^)

Mhmh mh the thing is that you're not showing signs of an inferior Ti. You're not presenting your logic, you're presenting a fully finished judgement. And really again, you're not sharing much of your intuition, only the conclusion. And there's no signs of you having difficulties with Te, there is no wrong or naive presentations of that function.

How good are you at solving sudokus? xD
IMO this is more about the way INFJs live their Ni rather than a general mean for the function. They don't have Te after all, so it does make sense for them to have these moments.My man.Don't watch TYT. Also yes she seems like one. Definitely leading with an introverted perception, easily falls into middle Te-Fi kind of speech. And since I'm bored out of my mind after 10 minutes of being needlessly showered with raw data all meant to push on a same point, I guess she's a Si dom.With the help of someone else.Tertiary Te gives the user a drive "to understand". But it's denied of Ti, so it's all about finding reasons dominated by Fi without the raw logic.

ExFP are the kind of people who could tell you that everything has a meaning. If this belief is shaken, they fall into the opposite.

I guess a good example would be Leonardo Dicaprio finally getting his Oscar, only to use the opportunity to bring awareness to climat change. I read...

&gt; went for a run, walked instead

 estjI'd suggest you to make a conscious effort in listening to what INTPs have to say.
Feeling guilty is doing something wrong knowing that it's wrong, that's Fi. You might not activily use the function to feel sorry for example but it's still in there. 

If something irritates me during the day, I might feel very pissed for 30 minutes and completely indifferent about it for the rest of the day. Still I won't be able to sleep for 4 hours that night because while I may not have a great awareness of my physical state, it's still doing work in the back of myself.

That said, if I hurt myself badly the Si element will become very conscious and paralyze the rest of my thoughts completely. I got my wisdom teeth removed and it didn't go too well causing me to suffer a light but steady pain for 2 months making me unable to be functional as the Si factor was pulling me to it. And I can't do anything about it really, it's just parasitic information that I have to deal with, hence why I'm usually careful about not doing anything stupid that could cause me physical pain. 

Such is the nature of the shadow tertiary function. I guess that's what happening to you. Suffer well.Who's your current waifu?That's why ESTPs are so cute. &lt;3 They just wanna be accepted mmmhh &lt;3You're most likely an ESFJ.

Mh reading your profil it seems to me that you feel a lot of guilt towards your eating habits. You like food because you have auxiliary Si, you'd rather enjoy yourself instead of going through pain to work on a distant goal. You need to accept that, it's who you are, stop hating yourself for it.

&gt; An ESxJ's seventh function is Ni. While they may not be the best at Ne, they will value the objective abstract above all else. An ESTJ will have strong, unconscious Ti crunching away whenever necessary; an ESFJ will have strong unconscious Fi crunching away whenever necessary. Same with Se for both types. But the entire psyche of an ESxJ is built around a rejection of Ni in favor of their creative function, Si. Through their creative function, they focus on cultivating pleasurable subjective sensations, and are the best at determining which objective abstract strategies will maintain the greatest pleasurable states from moment to moment, for the enjoyment of everyone they care about.
&gt; Like INxPs, ESxJs are the greatest hedonists. They are unhindered by subjective 'master visions' that may fall through at a moment's notice via poor contingency planning. They are able to act in service of the collective's pleasure moment by moment.

Does this talk to you?

I'd add that maybe this lack of vision may be what keeps you depressed. You wanna do a very Ni-ish thing while not being able to, which can cause problems to your pysche, blocking your mobilizing Si function through ED. I do believe it is very commun that people get depressed because they can't recognize their strengths and weaknesses, especially when young. Mh it's actually larger than this tbh, sensors trying to do N things, T's trying to F, etc. Things don't work out and they don't understand why. But you know that's just the way it is, as an ENTJ I really don't expect ESFJs to do the things that I do, we have very very different minds, and vice &amp; versa. Maybe you just need help in certain areas while focusing on what you can do well.

Well I might be full of shit, I'm establishing a diagnosis and I'm not even sure of your type. It's just a gut feeling you could say.You're actually pretty hard to type. I've looked through your comments and I'm really puzzled. But, butbutubutbut I believe you are an [enneagram 1](https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/type-1/). This is what makes you so hard to read.

Statically you could be INFJ, ESTJ, ENFJ, ISTJ, ENTJ, INTJ, ISFJ, ESFJ. So there's that... 

*Sips coffee* - So... you said you were modding a gonewild or something? I'd say extroverts are more open minded, more mentaly flexible where introverts can be stubborn.Well you could say the real divide of this world is not between good and evil but rather between chaos and order... So God might be an ENTJ after all... Maybe the world natural state is chaotic and God's main effort is to bring order to it. Maybe I'm the reflection of the divine. I mean, we don't know. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)I see. That's great, I'm glad for you. :)

*Sipping intensifies*It's an interesting thought. You might just be right... maybe I am God.Seeing how imperfect the world is, it could be yeah. INTPs tend to learn as they go. Maybe God doesn't know what he's doing and he's just improvising. "Here's dinosaurs! Wait no, that's not working as expected. Mmhh... **BOOM**:/[Current ISFP superpower.](https://vine.co/v/OUreLgmglP3)Are you sure it was random? ( -.-) The future will happen in the way we imagined or not. Potential, desired possibilities, inevitable changes and adaptations and yes, sometimes a sense of destiny. As if two elements were too perfect for each others for them not to connect... While nothing is [certain](https://vine.co/v/bUdJHF3z1lF), this reeling sense might never really leave.Any pair can be one as long as an INFJ is involved.ESTJ. Little tip, people who tend to use an abundance of play-on-words are usually Delta Quadras.Boku No PicoYesYou're right, she's ESFJ.Mmh that's simply not true, it seems to me that you're forgetting about the J aspect. Because Js are people who have expectations about pretty much everything, any variation can become potentially funny, especially if it comes as a surprise or as a cliché. Anything can be seen as absurd or silly, any situations can take an odd turn. We're a lot more amused than you imagine but we don't show it as much because it comes from an introverted perception pov, which is by nature a lot more subtle in its expression.

[Here's an ENTJ being funny.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nZD6KNPHcs) There's no pun, there's no badam tis but it's funny taken into its context.  

Edit: Yes I understand there's plenty of Se in this clip, I have no better examples... Principle is the same though it doesn't have to involve Se...Okay about the clip, first allow me to stage some Ni. She's a streamer who works a real job so this is like a hobby to her. It's all happening during her free time, so she's just expressing some Se relief without shame, she does whatever she wants it's her show. Now the thing is she's a decent looking young women and you can be sure that all those people watching enjoy that about her. Most of these people would die to get to see any skin, it's on their mind there's no way around it. Of course there's nothing funny about it, it's just the current situation as a J would see it.

So she's being playful by saying "hey wanna know what's under my hoodie?" What's implied is of course directly linked to my first remark. They're teased into being curious about what's under her clothes but surely no one is naive enough to actually believe that she's going to show anything. But everyone will look regardless, because it's human nature and because you can find amusement in the teasing itself.

What they all get is "ANOTHER GALAXY", it's the most anti climatic thing that could have happened. But at the same time, she didn't just show something random, a galaxy is something huge, mysterious, intense, out of this world, it's almost mystical. What's implied is that it is a big deal to have a whole galaxy hidden under your hoodie and that is worth sharing and worth considering for the viewers. It's completely retarded, but it's intense yo. So she start dancing to this trance music which is already something that is meant to put you into a dreamy stance, while looking at the camera with dead intensity because, again it is a pretty big deal.

Then she adds another layer of absurdity by saying "wanna know what's my legs? -A galaxy". At this point you could call her the queen of the galaxy and she'd tell you "yeah you know I am!" It's just fucking dumb beyond belief and that's about it, we've left the Te world a very long time ago. xD There's no Ne involved other than the initial idea, I mean you can't do anything with it, there's no real pun as the joke is the pun... if that makes sense.

If I watch a video and let's say someone falls and there's a fart noise added to it. I might find it funny, not because people falling or even fart noises are funny but because the two together are. ~~Tss terrible example.~~ Because there's a perception involved that is created by the two. That's Ni, take a few elements and combine them together. What's funny is what we make out of these elements inside our own perception and it is hard to share it in a way that is obvious. Either you see it or you don't kind of things.

SJs will fall under the same form of situational humour but it'll be more connected to Si and Ne. Here's [ISFJ Candance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64sh_Mn2lGA) You can see her Ti and Ne, I'm sure but her whole thing is still based on a situation, she's taking a role of something out of her own perception that exists through her external values and she parodies it. BTW shout out to /u/meowsock that's exactly how I imagine her. xD

TBH Si users are more inclined to be amused by the little things. And I'm bringing this up because you said:

&gt; Te addresses those "mistakes" by external standards. Someone failing tremendously at something, or calling a car a "cat"- these can be dubbed as flukes in the standard correct logic of things.

Maybe for inferior Te but to be honest I don't find these things funny at all. High Te-Ni is a little more complex than spoting mistakes, it helps follow someone's logic and actions based on who they are as an individual within a collective. I don't look at people with judgy eyes, it's rather that I place them somewhere in my comprehension as a J would. If they escape my comprehension that's when I find them funny. A classy guy I know well is doing something unclassy in public = fun. It's not based on an external static frame of what should and shoudn't be, it's based on that person and how he fits into the rest of the picture. And it's even more amusing that I know that person well because then it means he's very detailed to my Ni.

Just to say it's alllll a question of introverted perception. Just like for you it's all a question of introverted judging. That said I think all functions can take a role in what we find funny. I sometimes find it absolutely hilarious to see someone getting mad. Here I suspect that it's link to my Fi as I've seen a lot of Fi dom becoming hysteric just by looking at someone's behavior shifting. 

To join the subject, I'd say J's won't do as much shitposting as P's but when they do, it's not necessarily obvious. I know I put a few bombs here and there and I know I'm mostly the only one who gets them but you know they're there. And if you get to know a J in depth, you'll see we can huge trolls.Mh I think it's safe to say that F's tend to be more into the lyrics than T's do.

&gt; I listen more to the instruments than the lyrics, and I find myself trying to pretty much hear each instrument individually.

Heh I do the same. I think some types of music would be more popular if people did more of that. I'm mainly thinking about metal songs, melodic ones at least. ~~What?Ihadmyrebelliousyearsfuckyou.~~ If you can sort of disconnect yourself from the idea that a song should be instantly catchy like most R'n'B songs are than you could find a new world of appreciation. 

A, more or less...

Your introverted functions are what create the inner nuances of your comprehension. In that sense, there is a limit to how far you can push your extroverted functions. What it means is that extroverts or introverts simply show an attitude towards the introverted function. 

For example, you'll find more similitudes between ENFJ and ENTJ than ESTJ and ENTJ in how information is processed.

This is basically what Popororo was refering to. Although I didn't agree with his views on the generality of typology, I believe that from this point of view, he was correct. 

So in short, C is just flat out wrong.
Yes this is one of my worst flaws. I tend to visualize things in a very detailed manner only to not act on them. It's retarded how much I can polish anything in my mind and never actually put things in motion. 

Especially in drawing in general. I'll ponder over a picture or a scene for a month to a year until I get everything just in the way I want it and once it's done I'm like "okay what's next?". "Oh yeah I could totally do it but mh it wouldn't serve any direct purpose right now. Oh well I'll do it another time." I'm only visiting the *easy* road for the most part, and obviously actually doing things would require triple the time. :/ 

I need a hard and demanding woman to force me into being awesome both in my head and in reality. xD Maybe a stern &amp; sexy ISTJ would do the trick...I think it's mostly influenced by Si and Ni. Si because well, it works reactively and Ni depending on the specific issue. I've seen INFJs being excessively affected by past traumas where they'd put the incident in the center of their life and would basically grow around it. In that sense they're kinda digging their own grave as sad as it sounds.

My theory (and it's just my theory really) is that ISxPs are potentially the type that would suffer the most from PTSD. Because they don't really have a control over their own Si and because tertiary Ni is fragile in that sense.

If you look at fictional characters like Rick Grimes or Jon Snow or even rambo, they all follow the same tertiary Ni struggle where their beliefs are shaken and they don't know how to adapt anymore. 

ISTP Rambo with his famous "To survive a war, you gotta become war" quote. It kinda gives you this frame that they don't easily change and that if things change it might not work out for them...

Jon Snow got stabbed by his own brothers and during the whole season you get the see a very different Jon Snow who's doubtful of everything he believed in. And it's not going away, even though things work out for the best you can tell that something was incredibly off with him, making him very disfunctional. It's as if his roots were cut off and he doesn't know how to be anymore.

And Rick Grimes with his whole "things have change and we've now adapt". He even went overboard and was ready to kill I forgot who before Michonne stopped him.

So I don't know if they have it worse than other types but there's definitely something there.

I don't know about other ENxJs but I don't think it's that bad for us. Sure we're still human but meh.Sshh don't add up.It's a very Ni-ish thing though if I can be serious about it. Introverted intuition grows slowly and not necessarily in the way you'd imagine. Connecting A to D is one thing but seeing what B and C looks like is going to take time. And if I don't have a clear view of what A, B, C and D all look like, then I can't find harmony between the 4.  

The idea that ENTJs need everything to go fast comes from mistyped ESTJs and I'm saying that knowing well that I'm impatient. Law Abiding Citizen is *the* perfect ENTJ movie in my eyes and the whole point of the movie turns around how much Gerard Butler's character has been plotting all of it for 10 years.

I'm not saying I'll never do these things, just that I tend to put them on the side for later because I don't see the point in rushing anything, especially since Ni always grows. And even if I enjoy the process I really need to be rolling or else I'm forced to stop and to enter Ni all over again anyways.

To me there isn't much difference between what's in my mind and what's real, the difference really being in the implications. I don't need to put my vision out there for me to feel like it would actually work, *I know it would*. So yeah basically "pff I can do that easy if I wanted", it's part true and part delusional since I can't actually picture myself applying the Ni. It's like combining 2 very different worlds together, it seems simple enough but it never is.

 I doubt any NTJ would refuse to communicate. You know so much PM-sensei, teach me!Fi = asshole

Fe = accommodatingBlack Code ;)INTPs don't see that they have enough understanding to draw further conclusions. It's like building an motor engine only to fail to realize it goes into a car.

ENTPs ironically see all the possibilities but can't see which one is objectively important. Then you point it out for them and they'll tell you "I know"... Right, you knew.ESFP x ENTP dynamicYes, that's why they're the greatest copy cats as well.Or like.. Subaru Mimasaka..&gt;147- Embracing depth, avoidant of internal crisis by acting against uncomfortable feelings with activities. Creative, perfectionistic, exploring. Lots of creative expression. Outward expressions may not always mirror internal ones. Idealistic. Equally likely to be introverted or extroverted. Optimistic outlook. Eccentric, engaging. Enthusiastic, unconventional. May become uncharacteristically withdrawn when in crisis and unable to avoid it any longer. Possible unrealistic outlook at times. Desires to be a truly good person and do the right thing. Bold and expressing individual self. Visionary, may become frustrated and angry or distraught when visions don’t come out as they envisioned, and they don’t feel that they’re “perfect.” or “right.”  This behavior could be seen as unnecessarily fussy or preoccupied with minor details. What you see on the surface isn’t always the true story.[Most days tbh...](http://www.infinitelooper.com/?v=bOAfKK9zuq0&amp;p=n#/252;289)Where?Then I'm not ENTJ since I can't relate to Tyrell at all. I'll make sure to write it down in my diary. 

You're looking at the motivation of someone who's mentally sick and compare it to your own. Pretty much everything that is wrong with typology, "I can't relate to it". Most of what this guy does is motivated by his childhood traumas and by his sense of deficiency, his need to connect to others and in contrast, his loneliness.

You can't find the endless stream of absurdity Ne provides that you should share with him and so it's enough to stand as proof to you? Psst, if this show was about Ne, no one would watch it. Any of his motivations can be seen as a symptom of something else. That's not enough to convince me that INFPs can train to be logical monsters if they just flex their Ti hard enough. 

There is no Fi in this guy, the passion you see is not actually there. He projects his problems into this "solution" he found, that's no proof for Fi at all. 

His mind is a constant questioning, Ni is not endlessly questioning things, Ne is. Ni knows things, Ne questions them. Ni explorations happen connectively and not by throwing them out there for a Tish monologue to play on it.I don't think she knows what she's doing actually. She went inside, only to turn against it in the end. She's in conflict with herself over whatever she should do all of the time.It's because she looks like she could do BDSM with her pony tail. ;(

Well as a general rule I'd say inferior Fi users don't feel that much guilt. 

Just to clarify, it's not that we don't feel it, it's rather that we avoid it.Growth through mistakes is not my thing. I value objective truth and not endless "what if's". If growth means entertaining hypothetic scenarios then I have the maturity of a 10 year old. 

You find my title arrogant because it is. I wrote "correct" as in "here's a post that'll give you exactly the informations you want". I rewatched season 1 after the end of season 2 and I took the chance to type the characters and I thought I'd share these informations with the internet, while providing a few cues for others to deduct on their own because I believe it is 16 times easier to type anyone if you have a base, a POV on which you can refer yourself. If you thought I was opening a debate, I'm sorry to disappoint you but that's not the case. However if you have corrections, I'm willing to listen to them but nothing you gave me is a proof of anything. You force me to enter my own shadow functions to consider your side and to leave all these informations inside of my Ni and wait until this unconscious process decides wether or not you're right or wrong. It's an excercice I'm willing to do if it's serve a purpose but not as entertainement value. And now you force me to go on, just so we can agree that you are wrong. Youppie.


&gt; Enneagram is motivation. MBTI is processing. I, for example, resonate with Kant's philosophical argumentation, its logical structure, definitely INTP - though I myself am a moral relativist. Elliot's not on the Ti-Fe axis. Your understanding of N functions as "explained" here are quite poor and severely lacking.

Kant moral code is strongly influenced by a Te-Ni perspective if anything. I agree he's INTP, but that doesn't change the fact that "being religious is fine since it serves a purpose" is a very Gamma reasoning. But anyways, your point here is what exactly? Do I have to read 3 of his books to understanding these 2 sentences? I'll give it a wild guess nonetheless. You think Fi is a strict moral code and that there is no relativism inside of it? Based on what lol? This is funny coming from someone who claims to understand functions better than others. Fi is a personal moral guide, that doesn't mean there isn't any variations from different Fi users. Either I don't get what you mean or you think Fi is some kind of universally shared guide book without deviations whatsoever between the people sharing the same function. I hope I'm wrong because this is bordeline silly.

&gt; He displays a potential absence of the freely wandering, multiple-alternative-considering, fragmenting Ne, while displaying a substantive holistic, pulling together, honing in, core notion-focused Ni, but again, his judging axis is much more sharply defined, perceiving is debatable. Ne-doms can certainly carry a show; Rick and Morty, Spongebob Squarepants, Dirk Gently, Psych...shows, even one on this topic, can definitely be about a strong Ne lens and pull strong views; irrelevant, false point.

I already answered this part.

OKay really again, your only arguement is that you don't relate to the thought process. You don't get that the narration is meant to be adapt for a tv show and not to reflect the truthfulness of the INTP's mind.

&gt; Fi is not necessarily a fiery passion, especially in a mentally ill person, but it is inherently a lens for value imprinted upon the world, a subjective, emotionally-infused morality, which he displays quite clearly and consistently.

Again, where does he show Fi? Because he decided to act on the guy who raped the girl he liked, even thought he pondered over the fact that it would kill the link to his drug supply. And you see Fi in that lol? 

Ok this is all pointless tbh. Well I'm glad I engaged in this conversation, cya.You're not illogical if that's what you fear. I know INFPs quite well, I know you can sustain any logical conversation but that said, you need to realize that there is a limitation to how much logic you can imply inside of this frame. If you have inferior Te, you're not going to impress my dom Te, that's a simple truth. It doesn't mean that you're stupid by any mean, it just means that there is a huge difference between how logical an INFP and an INTP can be. It doesn't mean your logic is flawed, it's a question of how far are you going to take this logic, if you want. &gt; INTP/ISFJ: Ti/Si or Si/Ti--Schizotypal Personality Disorder. I see this most commonly in INTP dom/tert loops (Ti+Si), resulting in totally giving up on attempting to obtain the social/interpersonal connections that inferior Fe drives them to unconsciously desire. Schizotypal people are seen (and typically see themselves) as having such unusual thoughts and behaviors that widespread social acceptance is nearly impossible. Ti thinks, "I cannot find any logical explanation for social rituals" and Si reinforces this self-isolating, risk-averse behavior by constantly reminding the user: "Remember how badly this went last time you tried?" If Ne were doing its job, it would remind the user to continue experimenting to find a new approach. In the ISFJ version, Si becomes ultra risk-averse and refuses to try anything new or unfamiliar. If Fe were doing its job, the ISFJ would learn that some risk is necessary in order to uphold obligations to others and avoid living in total solitude. Deep down, these types really do want social connection and ritual (Fe), but have found themselves so poor at it that they simply give up trying.

So I was right once more, Elliot's an INTP.fineISFJActually it does seem like they share a relation of activity rather than a duality.This is very true. How would you classify ISFJs? Lawful Neutrals?Edgy. Do you know your subtype by chance?The ENFP is Mark Hamill I mean just watch his last star wars panel thingie and you'll puke from all that Ne.

Carrie was most likely ESFJ.Makes sense. From my ~~humble~~ understanding, the function leading your subtype is uncompromising and the other one being a creative or witnessing function. In other words, you couldn't be a true neutral if you were leading with Fe. It's complicated. Mh :|

INTP-Ne: Omg he is so smart, entertaining and engaging. I'm sure we could be friends and who knows, I might have found someone with whom I could share my plans to force the government to release the UFO files!

INTP-Ti Omg this guy so incredibly boring and he makes zero effort with his communication, literally autistic. What do I do so that I never have to talk to this guy ever again in my life?

I'm the Ni subtype. Too much day dreaming, not enough corporate action. I guess I could be confused with an INTJ because of it.One way of looking at it would be through this picture. I have to build a house with a determined number of bricks, if I were the Te subtype I'd use all of my bricks to build one but since I'm the Ni subtype, I'll only use a sellected few.

I'm still an extrovert and I'm still a Te dom that's not going to change. Te is basically common sense to me, it's effortless in its use but it doesn't drive me, it's just a referee while the other functions actually play. What do I share vs what do I keep for myself, kind of thing. So you'd mostly see Ni-Fi from me, you wouldn't necessary see right away how much Te is silently judging you. xD

INTJs and ENTJs still think very differently, Ni-Te/Te-Ni don't work in the same way out all regardless of subtypes. I bend Ni to get my way, they bend Te to get theirs. They're more reactive to Ne and I'm more reactive to Ti, etc. I mean just look at a ESFJ-Si, you'd see you're very distinctive.Well I'm not really sure, I typed her knowing that she was mentally ill. She had bipolar disorder, so basically big highs and big lows which can easily give the same impression ENFPs naturally give. But you're right she was prolly ExFP, I don't think she is an intuitive so I guess ESFP would be the better fit.But that's the fun part.
Boo!Geez okay, she does change a lot depending on the interview or the time  really. Young she had nothing to say, here she seems in control of her whole affairs and later on she's just all over the place.

But okay she was ENFP, Fi subtype I guess.The sexual tension will get the best of us long before that.Apple... red apple...

Eating apples makes you look cocky/confident (Tss only a feeler would see an actual difference between arrogance and confidence). Twilight cover had one, Ryuuk liked eating apples. I guess the cover represented a forbidden fruit, a red one with that, so forbidden love. Did Ryuuk enjoy apples because he was representing something forbidden as well or just because he was cocky, maybe both. No wait he wasn't cocky, he was just bored and mh... excessively eating those apples, that's it. Power crazed I think is the word. The way those two hands held the apple on the twilight cover might suggest an offering, maybe the forsight of the gift of vampirism being shared. It's also held in a way that you could defined as ceremonial, preciously and at the center of the frame. It's contemplative and accepting. Or is it accepting? Maybe it represents the choice that is offered to herself with the inevitability being present in her mind that she will accept it, it's a very red and tasty looking apple for sure. Too bright to turn down. So is it just the joy that you find in the apprehension? Geez twilight might really be about a girl losing her virginity. This whole story is about apprehension tbh, there's just the tortureous agony of waiting for the obvious to happen, there's prolly a word for that. Eating an apple a day helped me stop smoking. Was it because it made me cocky? So cocky and cool and even too cool to smoke... I should buy apples.

I like apples.It's weird to think she would go for Harrison Ford, her conflictor. Maybe she had a romantic soul and what's more romantic than trying to give a chance to an impossible scenario.So you do not think Harrison to be an ISTP mh? Interesting. Someone remind me why we're a golden match again?There are a few people who come up with these kind of theories here and there, like the guy who talked about introverted Te and that sort of things. What you all do is basically explaining subtypes, in your own way.

It's not a shift in the functions themselves, it's rather that the person's focus is shifted towards either extroverted or introverted functions. I don't believe that you can just not use all 4 of your prefered functions. even if I were in the "grip", being very outgoing and barely ever taking time to explore my own intuition, I would still use a lot of my intuition through Te and Se. The difference is that I wouldn't prioritize certain point of views over others, simply said.That's not what I meant at all.

An INTP-Ne or INTj-Ne if we have to go there, would be concerned about the Ne-Fe huh priorities over Ti-Si ones. 

I'm an ENTJ-Ni and the way I use Se is very different from how an ENTJ-Te would use it for example. My Se serves self expression or Fi and well Ni overall, whatever that means. An ENTJ-Te would do Se things for the sake of it, I don't.

Different subtypes have very different personalities and it can all be explained by how you use your functions. 

You say "a Ti user who accepted Fe" but that's simply subtypes. INTPs-Ti don't give a shit about Fe because they prioritize Ti and Si over their extroverted functions. INTPs-Ne are a lot more concerned over Ne and Fe, even if they don't see themselves like it. Even if they hate humanity for its stupidity and can't stand most people, their thoughts are still somewhat concerned over this way of thinking that leads them to connect to what is outside of themselves. 
What's so despicable about your real self?
Chopper's hat and a sewing machine, bet you do cosplay.Why would the ENTJ have her leg pointing towards the ISTJ when they share a relation of supervision? Would you be confortable with your supervisor? Makes no sense.

[Here](http://imgur.com/a/8tPLF) I've fixed it.

[Cough](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNDnzxlBoS4&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=16s)

Best part of your room I must say, is the I-don't-give-a-shit paper column.Hehe, It was omly a test.It sounds like a similar problem I have. Coming off too flirty and then indirectly telling people to fuck off when they try to get too close. It's problematic to say the least because I enjoy it obviously but at the same time I'm not trying to score anything.

Btw you're aware that you're the Ne subtype, aren't you? I fee...  I sense that there's something to look in there. 

*Vaguely quoting*

&gt; Becomes uncompromising in debates when his principles are concerned, but tries to develop in himself tolerance for other people's weaknesses and for differing points of view. Usually knows how to hear out his conversation partner and to encourage his initiative in useful direction. Evaluates abilities of others and finds them a proper application. May be a good speaker and lecturer capable of briefly and clearly conveying the material to his listeners. Reserved, amiable to an extent, polite, and even-tempered, but rarely becomes very close with anyone, for he easily tires of social interaction.

Is this it? Some kind of respect you don't feel is earned because you're principled, combined with expectations that feel are too heavy on you?

What I know for sure is that there isn't a solution to my problem, but being aware of it helps a lot. All I have to do is make sure they understand that I'm not that interested. Maybe all you have to do is make sure they understand that you're not that reliable. But wait, isn't that what you already do? Are you sure this is a problem? Or maybe I missed the point, hehe.But I don't see where the reciprocity is. What would you want from me? Can I actually help with any of these points?Mmmmmmmhhhh... Frustrating but okay.Also... I don't think your problem is actually one. I mean well... 

To flirt is to look for a certain vulnerability. You skip the façade and try to bring a certain mh mh instant closeness and to do so you wanna get a good picture with whoever you're talking to and vice versa you want to appear open as well. "Ho that's who you are and here is how I feel about it." Sooo it is Ni that comes into play into this shared perception, if you can follow my logic. 

Okay okay so I'm putting things together here. You're a four, at the moment at least that's how you perceive yourself. 4's feel defective, they feel different because obviously something is wrong with them and they sort of accept that fact. But it's based on emotions and emotional perceptions and so on. If you look at things far enough you realize that there isn't really anything that different with them, it's rather a self inflicted mh mh unacceptabe dilemma. Either you remain the same piece of shit or you look for that thing you don't have. Blabla obviously the ideal is for the subject to realize they have no choice on who they are and accept their flaws and qualities, remove the dilemma from the equation to bring about a better perspective. 

Honestly it kinda sucks to appear flirty all of the time. People see you as shallow and fake and they think you wanna force yourself into their lives for whatever reasons, either because you're looking for something from them or for yourself as some kind of validation. 

But I'm just a bee going from one flower to the other, that's how I see myself at least I guess. It's hard to accept my nature while having to face everybody else perception of myself. People decide who you are, the choice is not yours. That's why our enneagram reflects shame. I could give you 235345241234344 reasons why people are disgustingly retarded and this is one of them. But if they're so dumb then what I am? Am I the exception? Am I the chosen one? Nah I'm as dumb as the rest, the difference is that makes me better is that I'm aware that I'm a dumb shit. I just need to find where exactly am I stupid. 

The people who truly are open minded represents less than 0,01 of our world population. If you remain the same you won't make much friends that's the truth. What you and I need to do is to keep in mind where the stupidity lies, in others and in ourselves. Did I do something wrong? Am I disgusting that people reject me? Meh those are big words that don't really mean anything when you look at things from afar. Those perspectives are misplaced. 

You're the Ne subtypes that means you must force that Ne onto others. So the purest form of Ne is to seek perfection, it tries to explore every possible angles. It starts out of a single idea and expands from there. That must be invasive and tactless but more than that, you must attribute qualifcations to others that they might find are completely out of their own characters. Which can lead to a bunch of problems, might be infuriating if you question the integrity of others or they might feel unseen, misread because all these things you throw at them that are often completely irrelevant to their personas. They might feel like you're talking to yourself and they're only there to listen to you speak. Meanwhile you feel like you're not doing enough, that you must push that Ne further to be even more interesting and all that tralala. What you should do is tone it down and make sure you're understood and connected to whoever you're speaking to. What are your strengths in these situations? Mh well you'll always find something to talk about with Ne but mh I think you should use it with a little more respect for it is, an extroverted function, meaning you should impose it on others but rather to use it reactively. And if you're relaxed the Fe will connect you to the other person naturally. So it seems to me that you already have the right tools there, maybe you just need to remain focus on the dynamic of the conversation rather than being too focused on how you come off.

Okay sorry for my messing writing almost didn't send it, I just wanted empty my mind by offering my perspective and finish what I wanted to say.&gt; Why do I keep forgetting this sort of shit

Because it's not enough. [The gold fish keeps on circling around its tank.](http://www.moviesgrowenglish.com/Image/Hero'sJourney.jpg)You shouldn't be shy, this is brilliant. 10/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUgQPzq6ifc&gt; Ha Ha Ha Ha 

&gt; These sightless mongrels can't even begin to understand the Ni dominant mind that they have to call us arrogant in their vain attempt of a description, truly pathetic.You wouldn't like Te-Ni hell. Feeling the constant need to run away from the present moment because you have a never ending sense that you're meant to do something else. Oh wait you do have something similar...What do you think about ENTJs? Have you ever been in a relationship with one and if so, how was it?I'm still not sure.You're still young.I've seen the light.

Are you still an INFJ?INFP 4 =&gt; ISFP 4 =&gt; ENTJ 1

This is my final form.Did you like me better as a sensor? Or as a lamenting 4? I'm a very chilled 1 though, I don't bite ~~unless you're into that shit~~.Nah I'm a lovely guy, that's why I insist on the tritype. I do feel very connected to all of those numbers. And I make a point in having good relationship with anyone with whom I have to spend time, you wouldn't see the PMSing part of me.They don't desintegrate all at the same time, they're head, gut, heart. Ain't the same situations at all.Are you really sure you're an INFJ? I'm sorry I still have a hard time believing it. Because I understand that you might see some confusion but an INFJ's intuition would glue the important parts without even trying. They'd ask a bunch of question to place you somewhere in their intuition and that would be it, the NF factor is completely missing. 

&gt; Mhm interesting, I'm not sure where I would actually place this peronally. 

No lead? You don't see anything that would connect anything I said? 

&gt; It definitely strikes me as a very different fear of corruption than what the 1s have to my understanding though.

Here you make a judgement that kinda shot into the unknown. Can INFJs even do that with a Te blindspot? 

&gt; It definitely strikes me as a very different fear of corruption than what the 1s have to my understanding though. 1s fear of corruption is essentially a corruption of judgment, it's not a fear of corruption of their "authentic self", on the contrary their very nature is seen as a potential source of corruption, and they strive to be above it.

So you base this on your T function? Nothing to do with the NF factor at all? You're not trying to see things through my eyes? 

Anyways.


&gt;  on the contrary their very nature is seen as a potential source of corruption, and they strive to be above it. 

Well that's kinda of what I said. xD My real self is a guy who has no attach, I just go through various relationships for the sake of my Sx instinct.

&gt; A typical 1 behavior is distancing yourself from emotions because emotions cloud your judgment

What emotions are you talking about?

&gt; interpersonal relationships, 1s tend to keep their distance.

Yes but why? 

&gt; The rejection you're describing sounds like it's a fear of corrupting "who you are" and the rejection is one of "this is not who I am". That's not really how 1s work, 1s rejection is from an ought perspective and it's heavily focused on the outcome, on what should or shouldn't be.

I'm sorry if I didn't make that clear. I'm rejecting my real self for the sake of an ideal vision. I'm reject life because I see it as unfit to my expectations.
&gt; Directed questions lead to directed answers, the more specific and directed my question is the more I'm already dictating the direction of your answer, I find it far more insightful to let the other person take charge in whatever direction they naturally do

But that's not how Ni works, either it checks or does not and if it checks you can form a deeper understanding by asking specific questions. Sounds more like what an ENTP would do. You form a bunch of judgements to connect to a specific one. That's typical of aux Ti combined with dom Ne.

&gt; I see three main possibilities and too little information to really discern between them.

You see a lot of possibilities, don't you? ;) One day you'll realize you're an ENTP, one day!

Okay okay, I'll stop... for now.

&gt; Any emotion that might cloud your judgment really, take a bad first impression of a person as an example, a 1 will try to suppress that so it doesn't cloud their judgment.

I don't have that many emotions. I navigate around through my Ni but not through any F function, at least not at first. But sure I'll give the benefit of the doubt to anyone, even if it's rarely ever rewarded. Mostly because that's the kind of person I wanna be. While it's all social, it doesn't have to be linked to image. Spit on someone face and you're a bad man, that's a simple fact. It's not linked to some kind of picture of yourself that you wanna reach, it's simply not doing what's wrong. It doesn't mean all 1 are first of the class because being good means having 10/10 on your test, it's all subjective and ENTJs are very subjective. 1's try to reach perfection and it can mean really anything. Again :D I don't have that many emotions and I'm not whipping myself at night because I had sexual urges during the day. What is perfection to you really is different from what I see as perfect and I certainly don't live in a world filled with meaningful encounters, I live in a very subjective world.

&gt; I can see a bunch of factors playing into it. For a starter 1s don't want to unfairly pick a side so they detach from group unity, not wanting to favor people in the group over outsiders, this naturally creates distance. The same thing goes with close friends, the 1 doesn't want to side with their friend simply because they're their friend, again creating distance. This leads to people in return detaching from the 1 because they don't get the reassurance they're looking for and thus 1s probably get used to not bothering trying to close any distance in the first place.

That's true but it's nothing of a fatality. A 6 or an Social type might be really turned off by it but that's it, meh. People react in all sort of ways but that's not an issue. Besides I don't have to act in a certain way if I know it's going to be worth it in the bigger picture, not that it doesn't bother me. (I'm not a feeling type though) Also if you're deeply integrated into the 7, well you might not be the fairest of prince.

&gt; the 1 doesn't want to side with their friend simply because they're their friend

Depends if you value loyalty as a must have quality.

&gt; thus 1s probably get used to not bothering trying to close any distance in the first place.

I mean 1's don't have to be socially retarded... Depends on your tritype I guess.

&gt; Yes but doesn't that sound entirely like an image thing? It does to me anyhow. Think of 1s like having a bunch of ideals they're trying to live up to, it's not about being perceived or projecting any kind of image, it's merely trying to live up to ideals. The 1 also doesn't view themselves as those ideals, they view themselves as someone trying to live up to those ideals.

1's desintegrate into 4's remember? 1's are connected to the 4, 7, 9 and 2. [And I've went through a total desintegration like I said.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DOKzTHaPfM&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=2m54s) Overall I think you see 1's with too much regards. Acting when it matters is important, doesn't mean every seconds in our lives are. I think you're stuck on this ISTJ 1 picture when it's all subjectively interconnected. I believe things would be a lot strict for you since your role function is Ni, if you're indeed an INFJ.

I get what you mean btw. But a 4 integrating to 1 is not the same as being a 1. The 4 tones down his feels and start looking at himself on an unemotional light, it doesn't "make" the 4 a 1. it could just mean that you go through some kind of emotional moment and you react a certain way before returning to your normal state. Like I said, different situations, different centers, different coping mechanisms. You don't have to believe in it but it's not the most harebrained theory there is.You're right actually. This paragraph seems to breed a lot of confusion, I'll now take the most efficient path I could take by erasing it. That's fairly interesting. Btw I really really doubt Penn Jillette is an ENTJ... No really... that's not what an entj is... I'm a little speechless that you would get this so wrong...

But do you not recognize Ni in others? This is the kind of things that really makes me doubt your typing of yourself. How can you not recognize Ni? After a while it becomes very easy... I really don't get it. How can you not recognize Ni? 

You see most Ne types believe they see the full spectrum of Ni because they compare it to Ne. I mean they use the tools they have, it's only natural, I can't blame them. But they rarely really get what it is. But if you're a Ni type, you should be able to synchronize to other's people Ni and follow their perceptions, NJs or SPs are all the same. Of course it's subjective since it's introverted but it doesn't stop you from following a context. That's the point, Ne is a research of context by throwing a bunch of perceptions together, Ni simply connects to one. 

And I know very well that you're going to reply to this by bringing a lot T together. When all you'd have to do is simply connect to my words. That's what you don't see. This perception game is absent when I chat with you. That might be just be your persona, I don't know you more than that after all. But honestly, this very weird. The fact is, Ti users are very very good at justifying their opinions, that's something I hope all Ti users are aware of. 

Are you sure you're not relating to any of these 2? http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/ILE-ENTp/subtypes/ Please think about it, like really give it some thoughts and tell me what's up. And if not... Do you relate to any of these 2? http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/IEI-INFp/subtypes/

Anyways, maybe your view on ENTJs being flawed causes you a lot of confusion. I'll try to help you refine your understanding of what an ENTJ is later. 

Meanwhile I'll try and give some thoughts to the E8 thing, who knows you might be right!
I think somwhere in there your remarks contradicts itself. None of this sounds NTJ? Erh well are your sure you know what an ENTJ is in the first place? Are you sure you're able to past through your inability caused by your Fe handicap,  and form a complete view of what we're really about?

What do you think about when you read entj? And what has fed your biases? Did you ever had an ENTJ friend? Were you somewhat close? Are you sure you could type one if you saw one? What would you look for? Directives? Bluntness? An overall lack of empathy? Haste? 

Would you like me to offer any these to you? I did actually. I woke up saw your comment and wrote you a very dry response before erasing inbetween coffees. Because anyone who has a few brain cells knows that you don't get results by being rude to people. And as you should know, I care about results,.

This is what you should look for. Someone who get shit done, no matter what, even if it means taking a persona. Having Sx as your first instinctual stacking does not stop you from leading with Te-Ni, goals and talents differ but cognitive f stay the same. And we should all quit the bullshits about your inferior function awakening at the age of 35, if that were true there would be no feelers in school. 

What else do I to cover? Do you realize my text is meant to throw you off into making you believe you don't know anything by covering the potential patterns of your learning and that it has absolutely nothing to do with Fi? Do you realize that I already know it's not going to work because your Ni is higher than mine? I can't bullshit you. I only show you what you already know.

As for your question...

I could never relate to the way you guys speak. So much T thrown around to explain simple things. You guys zoom in your Ni to over detail everything. It's incredibly redundant to me, even if I have to admit, you guys are living encyclopedias.

I'm very connected to my Ni, it's where my subtypes matters. I'm often more interested in people and what they have to say because it's efficient. If I cross the road with people around me, I don't even look for the trafic, I look at what people are doing. If they're crossing, I'm crossing. None of them are going to throw themselves under a bus, it's statically improbable. I listen to people to learn because I know they've already done the thinking, all that's left for me to do is to judge wether what they have to say is retarded or interesting. We're the best judges there is. Simple, lazy and efficient beyond anything else.

That's not something they tell you about being ENTJ. How much short cuts we take all the fucking time. This idea that ENTJ  are work monsters is incredibly misplaced. We put the right people for the job and we watch and judge. Whatever works. It doesn't mean anything else.

Now I'm trying to answer your question but it's very hard. I don't remember what went through my idea. I wanted to draw so I started listening to people in a feely light and a lot started to make sense. Easy to understand imageries or what went through their heads because it's all N once you understand on a deeper level. 

And yeah Sx type means my focus is often on people or rather individuals. I don't talk to anyone with a blank mind. I try to see what makes them tick, have them talk, understand and amuse, it's all a game I can potential master. It's rewarding to see your predictions and attempts working. It's all more fun than wasting time going through redundant information that leads nowhere. Especially since we can fix anything by simply hitting the source. Everything is simplistically retarded when you look at things from far enough. 

But yeah somewhere in there I lost myself and didn't understand my own mind. What I thought was Fi was Ni. ENTJS are very poorly represented because we're hard to understand, it's much easier to things as face value than imzgining what goes underneathe. I did the same mistake and mistypef for overba year because I made the mistake of listening to people instead of exploring things myself.That's not a question.Sure.Do you know why I tease you at times? Because you're an INTJ 3. INTJs are socially retarded and 3's will always try to give a somewhat positive image of themselves. That's an interesting paradox and I'd like to see how you react through a light teasing. It's just an experiment, I'm not freaking trying to get to you or whatever. I mean I might have a few other ideas behind it but the source is just that. It's a social experiment of some sort. Are you going to tell me that only feelers do human studies? That there isn't a single INTP studying human psychology?

Should I quote the holy book of socionics? I know you're not a believer but you'll find faith in time. 

&gt; They are frequently a natural scientist, an experimenter, acting with their mind and hands simultaneously. 

Now that I told about this, it kinda kills the charm behind it. You know it's like how defining love as a chemical reaction somehow breaks the magic. Now that's not for me, that's for the others. I only see the magic as a thing. I don't feel it myself that often. I just like the science behind it all. I see myself as a magicien if you want. I don't actually believe in my own tricks... But if a magicien is what I wanna be then I can't reveal my tricks or break character, can I? Does that make me a feeler and a sensor? Maybe I need to aim higher and become the CEO of the federation of magic.

&gt; Uh actually I'd say that's a pretty emotionally manipulative strategy, that kind of mind game has literally nothing to do with Te. Te is "objective fact-argument-objective fact" etc. You really had me questioning my conception of the world as I know it though, nice try ;)

It's more of a play on your mind. P1 you don't know anything. P2 here's what you know (observing obvious patterns that everyone shares on these forums). So P1 you don't know anything + P2 is this what you know lol? Shitting on your knowledge. P3 counter argument "yeah you're kinda right but there's more you don't see" P4 here's what you don't see. P5 now that you're confused and open to a higher perspective here's a mindfuck attempt to make you even more malleable.

It's just a build up, a N construct. A poor one to be honest and I should have added a P6 with a conclusion as well but I was buzy outside. *cough* Did I touch to your Fi? Kinda I guess, you must pride yourself on your vast knowledge, so this is most likely the right attack for you. But is it enough to make me a sensing feeler? Maybe it just shows some emotional intelligence. https://www.reddit.com/r/entj/comments/3g0rar/entj_and_estj_highest_in_emotional_intelligence/ Here's a post that might entertain you.

&gt; Two of my closest friends are SFPs though, and the whole "constantly adopting new identities" thing is something they both do, moving closer to or further away from some central or maybe non-central idea of a true self. You deleted your other comment so I don't have anything to reference really, but I'd say they're very good at making people and the world do what they want, just far more present and in tune with the actual world and themselves than I am.

It's about showing different facets of yourself, we're Gammas, we can all relate to this thing to be honest. Gammas are described as being erh what was the word... diplomatic? It's not because we are docile or whatever, we're just reasonnably flexible. I'm not really good at making people do things for me to be honest. It rather depends on how much effort I've put in a relationship or how much I know the person and how to speak in a dialogue they understand. Nothing easy about it, that's not what I'm about.

My comment was based on my enneagram fears and desintegration. I just made it a little too flowery and so it gave you the wrong impression and everyone lost their shits, the end.

&gt; Sounds like Fi, you were right the first time. You're being cold about it but I've heard INFPs say the same thing almost word for word. Fi wants to get into a person's core, maybe Ni too since my perception of both of the functions are always going to bleed into each other a little but as an ISFP this still fits well.

Oh okay I get where you're coming from... But I don't wanna touch anyone's core, it's more that I want to align with people for a short moment. Like as if we were going in the same direction without really touching. If we end up meeting somewhere that's great but that's not what I'm after. I don't want people to become attached or obsessed with me, that's too much of a burden and I don't want to go through the rejection phase, it's extremely uncomfortable. Firstly because I don't know how to do it and secondly because I don't necessarily want to completely reject them, just push them away a little because they're taking too much space. Every now and then I'll touch someone's subconscious but my weapon of choice is through a "manipulation" of perception. If I know how someone thinks, I can set a few traps here and there to force the person to come up with the conclusion himself. But I don't do much Fi manipulation per say, I'm not good at it. And it's my inferior it's going to turn against me in the end so I'm not touching it in a way that would potential put me in a bad spot. I think All ENTJs go through emotional mistakes but quickly learn not to fuck with this whole part of themselves. 

But look if you can get the right approach you can found a lot of interesting things about people but I don't have a compulsive need to connect to them. Being extroverted can be complicated as you need the extroversion but at the same time you're NTJ and don't give a shit about knowing the details of someone's day or to feel connected to their problems or whatever. You need some serious social skills to irrigate the conversation on topics you found entertaining and energizing rather then see yourself slowly melting away out of boredom. 

But I get that you see a similitude with what your INFP friend said because I know how INFPs like to chat. But again you have to realize how boring I find people and I need a certain control over the dynamic we share because the moment it's lost, I just want to leave. It's tough to pretend to be a normal human being, so I'd rather have fun by attacking easy topics, and stay away from anything too complicated because nobody is going to change my mind on subject I've mastered. It is fun to play around with your intuition, it's not fun to hear some guy's opinion about how Trump is the main problem of this world. What is truly entertaining to me is to work on things that have no limits because the moment I see the roof is the moment I deflate. It's fun to set a goal and work on it, even if it's a social goal, there's plenty of room there thanks to my Sx instinct. 

&gt; Te is just kind of blah.

Meh, like all extroverted functions.

&gt; I think you looked too hard at yourself and flipped yourself tbh.

You're right I did, until recently. ;) What can I say? it ain't easy with this Si blindspot to have a clear look at what you are and what you're doing.I'm terrible at speaking about myself, so I dunno if any of it is helping convincing you. I can only pick a lead and expand, hoping it'd be enough but I'd be incapable of giving you a satisfying summary, there simply too much to say and I wouldn't know where to start. I was hoping for a "tits or ass" kinda of AMA tbh. 

But anyways *cough*

&gt; when they make ethical mistakes are quick to correct them by means of jokes and various services

I hope I didn't offend you with the INTJ 3 thing. Although I try to hide it and overall improve it, I'm very much socially retarded myself. At times I aim big to get the reaction I want but the fact that this is a forum makes it complicated as I can't have a full view on what you're about blabla I'm making excuses.- I wouldn't like feeling used so just saying that's not all there is. I think you have beautiful mind and it's always interesting to read what you to say. Okay this shit was looping in the back of my mind it had to go.Well you kinda have to understand how extroverted functions work, they're all empty until you throw something in them yet there's a push to apply these functions because they're always on.

Se wants to follow a physical dynamic, it's only natural to seek control over it. Following an authority figure would mean that you'd act for someone else, it's nothing ideal when you're so connected to this total freedom of motion. It's not satisfying when you could do so much more with it, so obviously Se users want to be their own boss and ideally they'd seek the opposite and tell you what to do. Since extroverted functions are always on, eventually you'll feel the need to project it on others. When everything around you is a parkour, how does it influence your perception of people? Challenging. That's what it's about. Se wants to conquer, to force a motion on others. 

Te wants to follow the best thinking pattern adequately to a specific issue. You don't want to be bothered with other people's thought on a subject when it leads nowhere. Therefore what you want is to be the master of your own judgement and... ideally tell people what and how to think over an issue. It's like a sniffing dog trying to follow a trail while Ti users throw you a bunch of flowers at you and it's all nice but your focus is on finding where this trail ends. So you bark at them, telling them to stop because the trail is vanishing and we're going to lose that damn fox. Anyways... Why not improve everyone's mess by giving them directions? Te doesn't intrinsically want to attain power or to lead, it's made this way by a force of logic. That's why socionics are awesome. It gives you a leap between the functions as we know them to a role inside the collective. We lead because in our eyes, everything is chaos. The world needs order to reach logical goals. And in the end, it feels good to see things move in the right direction because Te like an itch, is never going to stop.
 
Fe users are concerned over a social dynamic, they don't wanna be made into feeling something they don't wanna feel. But since it's so open towards others, it's rather easy for others to throw unwanted shits in there. So they have to maintain control over it and ideally they wanna match how everybody else is feeling through a coordonated atmosphere. The opposite would be rather exhausting, frustrating and unsatisfying. But more than that, why not use this restless function by influencing someone else emotional sphere? You have this ability and it's not going away, so why not use it? 

Ne is going to create connections of ideas, no matter the thematic. When chating with Ne users, you'll find that ideally they want to control the conversation, they want you to follow them in whatever explorative thoughts they're heading. They'll find it extremely redundant if their conversation partner remains on a single perception. Ne users want to explore Ne, they don't want you to tell them where to look. They reject quality for the sake of quantity. Ne wants a debate, not a conclusion. I mean they'll find a conclusion through their introverted function but not with their extroverted ones, that's not the point of an extroverted function, the point of any of them is to be compulsively used.

There's an irresistible desire to use your extroverted function in the way it is intend it and it vastly depends on the introverted function with which it is paired. Ti users want a total freedom of thoughts and if you combine it with this Se engine that never runs out of fuels, ideally you'd find very domineering characters. *Wipes saliva*

If you look at this post of mine you'll find that it is very Te-Ni. There are no Ti over complications, I'm not refering to Jung or detailing functions, I'm simply linking together various ideas into the same point of view. I'm just offering a simple and efficient way to look at things in a higher vision. It is extremely satisfying for me to look at things in this manner because I can apply this thought process to almost any situations. Simple, efficient and it is taken far enough that it can be applied to a very large contextual understanding. And I'm sharing it so that ideally you can see things in the same light. He's shocked, fascinated and horrified by the vision of his sense of self being layed bare before his eyes. He's slowly dehumanizing himself yet his thirst for knowledge keeps him starring. It's too late for him, he cannot look away.Wait I thought you didn't like ESFPs? Were you... being tsundere?&gt; Like what my sense is already passed 8 seconds but the reality only passed 2 seconds.

That's fairly interesting. Does Si usually give a time stop feeling? Or is it only because it's tertiary? I know an INFP who has these 2 modes, normaly he's just a somewhat charismatic "dude" and then poof in a second he becomes this extremely professional saler. Might be why the INFP-Ne subtype is attracted to the super hero figure (btw only heroes wear capes). It may be based off this switch that requires some concentration that they wish was effortless. Well like huh, [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5k808e/are_there_certain_personality_types_that_go/dbm2sfs/?context=3), [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5km8ul/be_honest_whats_your_type_and_which_types_make/dbpjhct/?context=3) and [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entp/comments/5m9qaf/do_you_dislike_xsxjs_too/dc1xnkh/?context=3)

I'm sure there's more but I think redditcommentsearch.com is somewhat limited. 

Ho and [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4slmte/which_personality_types_hate_each_other/d5aenwu/?context=3) as well, this is why I remember it, I guess.


Well you have to admit that you openly gave the wrong impression...&gt; I feel like you write from a place of authenticity.

I never felt like authentic is an adjective I've ever earned. I try to be but I can't say that's always what I am. Thinking about it, I don't think it's possible to be an ENTJ and be completely authentic. You have a pure tertiary Fi, untainted by Fe, you're the authentic one. I'm not always sure of what my views on things are on a micro level. I can't say that I can remain true to myself no matter what. 

I've met a nice girl last friday and I was really into her. It didn't work out all that well but it wasn't too bad either. The next few days, I was split between a few different ideas. She's not available for dating because she's going to leave in a few months, you see. So I was thinking I could just let her go and move on to other things, although it did feel like it wasn't really a choice because I kinda liked her tbh. (No inflatuation though, that rarely ever works well for me, feeling so much Si with this polr is extremely incomfortable) So I started planning all the things I could do or say to seduce her, all that J tralala. At the same time I thought about how much effort I should put into it, I don't want to make myself pathetic, I don't ever go there. Anyways, I was already judging this relation through possibilities, like a game of some sort. What could ensure, what could I gain, what would be the consequences blablabla. The main path that I kept seeing as the safest is the route of having a potential sexual partner. There are big chances that it will work in sense, even if it's really not what I'd like. I just want a girlfriend even if it's for a short time to be honest and I only judge 1 girl at out 1 000 to be potentially fit, so it sucks in that sense. 

But it's only been 6 days and I don't feel anything anymore. I'm not doubting myself in the sense that I genuinely believe that if I saw her again, I'd go into that F place again or "Fi high" like I call it but right now it's completely off. Do you think I feel authentic right now? No I don't feel anything. I only have a rational view of myself and how it all fits together. No more raging boners, no more inspirational romantic thoughts, I'm just F dormant. At the moment, I'm more concerned about reddit than any social interaction. I could very well choose to never see her again and I wouldn't feel like I've missed on something because there are only possibilities, nothing's certain. The only thing that really motivates to see her again is my petty Tertiary Se... She gave me massive blue balls and I wanna fuck... or rather mentally abuse her until she gives in...

I need someone who fits in my Ni, that's the only way I can keep my interest alive. But I do want my Fi to be at the center of my life, I believe that it is the struggle of all aux subtypes, our focus is on the aux/inf functions, we need that inferior stimulation which is a daily quest on its own. If you read about aux subtypes while keeping that fact in mind, you can deduct it yourself. A lot of it centers around the inferior function.

&gt; I don't really need to be convinced, if I see it I see it and if I don't I don't, but it doesn't really matter either way. I only get what can be gleaned from a few paragraphs, I'm sure there are entire elements of you I'm missing out on. 

Btw have you realized that ENxJs see a lot more Ni than INxJs do? INxJs having a higher Ni makes them more focused on what they see, trying to get a really deep look inside of their Ni. Your aux is extroverted it's only normal that you have this need to loop the same information, trying to milk as much as you can from whatever it is you see. Overall I see the same things you guys see and share the same conclusions but I don't do that deep exploration of a same concept, it's more about finding more Ni than dwelling on the same ones.

It's as if you were watching a movie in HD but on a small screen while we are watching the same movie but on shitty 720p with a larger screen. Something like that...

But let me show you something. 

I took a bit of time and efforts into writing [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5wbuof/how_many_people_buy_into_the_socionics_school_of/de9com5/). I got two pats on the shoulders and I probably got a bunch of ENTPs to wrinkle their eyes while softly saying "where's the fucking Ti, I can't read this", but that's pretty much it...

And then I wrote [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5wdi52/meta_question_about_this_subreddit/de9dg61/) in less than a minute and INFJs wanna blow me already.

It's tough to share insights as an ENTJ. If it weren't, Obama speeches on youtube wouldn't have such pathetic number of views.

It's probably not going to cure cancer but I find that my first comment is the correct view to adapt. Because I genuiely believe that all it takes in life is to see things on the right angle and then everything makes sense. 

For example I find Ne incredibly flawed and this explanation of a compulsive need to find an external abstract view indirectly underlines it. If there is no answer, Ni won't create some shit one but Ne always will find something, it's compulsive, it has to happen. If you adapt this view than you can realize that Ne even if it's dom gives you a bunch of none sense that are often very far from the point. I believe Ne users tend to trust their intuition more than they should when it's so evidently flawed. I do believe that it's in the best interest of any high Ne user to explore intuition through their introverted paired function and not jump on the first idea that pops into their heads. I offer growth through a logical perception daggomit.

But that's not what people want from me and that has been decided for me a long time ago. 

MBTI helped me understand certain things like how we're all talking very different languages. We're trying to communicate with each others but we never truly understand what the other means as it's all an interpretation. But you see if I were to write that down I would get my 2 pats and that'd be it.

Or I could say something like, "God is not dead. You just don't hear him anymore, he's still angry at us. He could never forgive what we've all forgot. Haven't you realized yet that we're still inside Babel?"

And I'd get a "ho my god I never looked at it that way". But it's the same idea, just dressed differently... Where's the authenticity here? 

If you wanna have an idea of what I'm about I can somewhat relate to this [chick](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gEC9sx1ZVE), we're different but we function in the same manner.

&gt; tits or ass?

Why thank you for asking. You know I often ask myself this same question and to this day I'm still struggling to answer it. But first I think we should ask the question, "What makes a nice pair of tits and a nice ass?" 

I've seen countless asses through out my life, big, small, flabby, firm. Sigh so many nuances depending on the morphology and the level of exercice/routine and ethnicity. Exploring such a great never ending variety is what keeps going in life. In that sense I would see myself as an ass man, however I do have another philosophy. "It always looks good once it's bent." Can I truly be an ass man when I can so easily find contentment? 

However for tits it is very different. I would love to have the same approach but I believe there is indeed a perfect pair of tits. Unfortunately most tits go from okay to great but rarely ever approach perfection. If I were to find the perfect tits I would value it over any asses, of that I'm certain. But it would be like winning the lottery, I'm not counting on it. Maybe I'm simply a man of tits disenchanted by crual dreams of perfection.

Why even stop to these 2 choices when the whole body of a woman is a divine work. *Sigh...* This is hard.

[Mmmh...](http://giphy.com/gifs/hannibal-lecter-hgmSQbx9Wd94c) At the end of the day I think I'm more of a face kind of guy. 

&gt; If you want to poke at me, go ahead.

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)I'm not always aware of my emotional state or how it affects me internally. I usually feel tired after something emotionally drained me in some way. 

Like a few weeks ago I went look for a sim card and I had to go through the most blasé woman I ever had to deal with. She couldn't do the most simplistic job in the world and she basically indirectly told me to come another day because she didn't feel like working that day. That level of disrespect was something that really got me but I didn't really react because I didn't care I just wanted my card and be on my way. It's only after 30 minutes that I felt very emotionally exhausted, I realized that this bitch got me really pissed. 

I know very well that if I were to go through this repeatedly, I would eventually explode on her. Not by screaming or anything like that, just by telling her exactly what I think about her while illustrating with various pictures. I don't wanna hurt the INFJs on this forum so I'll keep it to myself but I'd verbally go full Patrick Bateman on her. &gt; Probably involves a lot of self delusion and self righteousness.

*Cough* We might have found the problem! I think I'm conflicted with the idea of authenticity because people believe me to be more honest than I actually am. I shouldn't torture myself over it tbh.

&gt; This makes sense I guess. What does "someone who fits in my Ni" mean for you? What about someone who makes Fi the center of your life? Do you just mean like, an intense emotional connection?

That's a tough one. Someone who engages me I guess is the best way to look at it. To create a precise and practical view of somebody and exercising influence on her regulary. If I can actively do something for someone that gives me purpose, it forces me to ponder, create and grow around them. 

I hate studying more than you can imagine it possible. But if I need to help somebody else study, I'll turn myself into a teacher. I'll learn everything that needs to be learned while trying to find ways to make the other understand and apply the same knowledge. To me that's engaging, it's a complete exercise for my brain. But I don't give a shit about knowing how to balance a chemical equation, I'll never use that information in my life for anything. 

Okay that's just a practical example. It can be through a connectivity of thoughts and perceptions, basically connecting to someone else mind and opening a larger view for that person, vice versa. Exploring life through each others eyes, basically. There's more to it but I'm not sure how to explain it. 

It's like forseeing what the person will go through while taking responsability for that person's happiness. I see the good and the bad, I can make sure you see the best and ignore the worse. Ho wait I think I went way too far already. But you know what I mean, Ni is a fusional thing. 

&gt; What about someone who makes Fi the center of your life?

Well it's important as well, not gonna lie. But I just don't feel that much Fi, I don't know how it could be at the center of my life. I'm not sure I can even conceive what this means to be honest.

I really don't know how to answer this question all that well. Writing all of this gave me [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-GV46SUcWs) kind of feeling.

&gt; Is it? Why do you think that is? What is "tough" about it exactly, from your perspective? I feel like I have a really difficult time sharing insights too, like I'm just metaphorically pushing someone's face up against glass begging them to open their eyes and just GET IT, like I can never explain an idea 100% and it needs to just be seen. I thought that was mostly an Ni thing though.

It is an Ni thing but you have demonstrative Ti, once Ti is involved it's a lot easier to explain anything. My explanations are limited to a demonstrative Ne, I'm just basically repeating the same thing over and over. xD At least that's it feels to me. 

&gt; HA. You clearly put a lot of thought into it.

I'm in Melbourne, the temperature is reaching new highs and I feel the thirst. Asians girls everywhere. Sigh...More like ISTJxINFP but I see what you'd think that. &gt; memes are postmodern performance art.

Give me a break.He's more focused on what he can do rather than what he could do, taking things one step at a time. You can feel that this movie is about patience and slow growth. How would you say... hum...

There's a parallel between them or a link of fate. Fi/Si vs Si/Fi. 

Yukino is Fi hurt and struggles to even use her Si but let's just say she's basically uprooted. She doesn't know what to do next and she has no other mean but to deal with her Fi to figure it out. Because INFPs-Fi are slow like that, they have to nurture their inner world of values before being able to do anything. Once that's fix, once the see a """logic""" in what needs to be done, they can enter a new routine. 

The rain kinda represents this period of necessary stagnation. They're in a "garden" with "plants", plants grow, she's a plant, she needs growth because she's all messed up and needs to start over, so she's stuck in the garden and needs words to grow. Rain is not a bad thing it helps plant grow, it's a necessary part of growth. It's a circle. Eventually rain stops and she's on her own but she got to meet that guy who helped her deal with herself or you could say he nurtured her because of the rain force their meeting. And then seasons accelerate but wait. 

Akizuki is different, he's Si-Fi. He has strong roots in what he is and what he does. He already has a passion for shoe making. But then *bardaf* he falls in love. What happens for him is not that he needs to start over but he needs to grow faster to be able to reach her. He's only a small shrub of 15 years old but after meeting her, he's transitioning into adulthood. You see him living life as he did before but at a faster pace. No matter what he does, it's not enough, he has to try hard and hard. But still it all takes place very slowly, things don't happen overnight. He's okay with that, it doesn't stop him from going on. So yeah slow but steady growth fueled by crazy overheating Fi. 

There's litteraly no direct sign of intuition in this movie. And an ENTJ probably would have ruined everything from the start by saying something like "Hey that's a lot of chocolate you have", which would have triggered every bad memories related to chocolate she had ever felt in her life and she would have killed herself, probably drowning in the pool with a rock attached to her foot. 

But yeah, I get. All TJs are the same. Give us some Fi fueling and we become good little doggies who'll do what needs to be done. Your post sounds more like a love letter, I'm not sure anyone could objectively type him based on it. So am I cool in your book? &gt; though

As in...

&gt; *I find you awesome and attractive b-but* I barrely know you though ?

Thank you, Aurarus. I think you're pretty cool yourself.&gt; Jesus Christ, mate.

What? It's often what happens! But seriously, communication with INFPs can be a complicated deal, especially when they feel touchy. I remember in school I was chatting with a girl, prolly INFP E6 and she kept getting my name wrong, not that it really bothered me but I had to correct her like 3 times in 2 days. I like to tease around so I thought we could make an inside joke out of it. So I pretended not remembering her name and called her by saying "hey machin, chose" which basically mean "thing" which is a little belittling but somewhat acceptable. But that's not what she understood! She thought I was calling her names, it flew like 3 metres above her head. Like I was calling her a thing from the swamp or a play thing, I don't even know to be honest. But the fact is, she completely turned my words around into the worst possible thing she could imagine. She went full retard and flipped on me. Needless to say I never even looked in her direction after that.

&gt; Semi-Duals, especially if they are different in gender, can show interest in each other, which is multiplied if in addition they find each other attractive. However, when they feel like they are half way to complete understanding, one of them usually does something, not deliberately of course, that ruins all established harmony putting the partners right back to where they started. This is how incomplete Duality manifests itself. 

&gt; Semi-Duality partners cannot stay upset with each other for a long time. After partners have calmed down, they attempt to get closer to each other again which unfortunately leads to another stumble. For the observer, these relations may seem really passionate and loving. Relations of Semi-Duality can be compared with the moth and the flame. 

Fun times. 

&amp;nbsp;

I've given it some thoughts and it's very true that at that age, all I was waiting for was a sign, anything that would have pushed me into pursuing something. Feeling the rush of having purpose through Fi is priceless, it brings out the absolute best in us. And it's true that such a drive can only be contrasted by moments of intense self doubt. Shit I think you're right. But why do I keep forgetting about these things when it's all I've ever waited for?

&gt; I'm a fairly young ENTJ with a career I want to pursue, yet I am not certain what the probability is for me to reach that goal. 

What is it? I'm curious.https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/7a/cf/59/7acf59b12e9f52aa15f83470d2f0a056.jpgNot if you read the 5 points inbetween. I think you're reading it in a way it's not. It's a parallel with socionics that's all, it's not based on statistics. You can marry an ESFJ if that's what you want but you'll find that both you and your partner will have to compromise and emphatize. The end.I'd link you a socionics chart but apparently that's *halouf* on this sub.&gt; If an INFP doesn't have similar values as me, I'll feel as if my presence around them is walking on eggshells, which I hate. INFPs with similar humor to me (dank mejms) and similar values, are the easiest ones to get along with, it'll take very little time for us to become friends in fact!

I'm a firm believer that you need to share complementary subtypes. If I chat with an INFP-Ne as ENTJ-Ni, we'd both find ourselves behind the same wheel, competiting to drive the N engine or whatever. Nonetheless you need to have similar "values" because duals can so easily read each others. That's duality in a nutshell, it needs to click beyond the fact that communication is "easy". The Fi subtype is the one who can't make a joke but it's also the most precious one. Stare a little too long and you won't be able to look away ever again. It's like the opposite of starring into the abyss. So easily offended though, it's so easy to fuck it up if you try to squeeze them too hard, it's just like trying to milk a tit to get that precious Fi juice, might hurt if you force it. xD Okay I don't know about that picture.

&gt; a pilot.

That's classy. 

&gt; I'm going to become a pilot. 

That's sexy. ;)I don't think you need to scratch your head too hard on this one. #ISFP4

Btw this little [gem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6c1xJI_AUlQ) should do well on a rainy night with a glass of red.&gt; BTW, just curious on how you think she is an Se user.

You found a clue yourself.

&gt; Amy's voice at her teen years is better than a lot of female singers in the their 30s or 40s.

Look it's not very complicated, the introverted functions will feel personal, the extroverted ones, not so much. She gives you plenty of Fi and a somewhat limited but personal Ni. Tertiary Ni for ISFP is a big deal but they have little control over it, they can't play around with it, it's more of a pure introverted function or in other words, short sentences that mean a lot. The thematics reflect this as well, there's a black and white way of looking at things that all ISFPs share and when you combine it with the enneagram 4, you get an hopeless romantic who can only accept her fate. 
So you got 3 boyfriends now? Are you going to collect all 16 of them? Will you get an ISTJ for the challenge as well? Tss life's unfair. You get to have your own harem, I can only dream about mine. I need karma.

*Sigh*

It's a joooooke, no need to put your little reddit police officer cap on. 

And while I shit on your karma, I do care about people actually understanding what a duality is. So how about you watch the damn video, entertain yourself and hopefully learn a thing.A true introverted guardian. ;)Well I'm not exactly sure, I heard it's supposed to make you laugh. I think it's like when some guy thinks he's an INTJ when in reality he's an ISTJ. From the most intuitive type to the least. Haha... It's even funnier when you get a sense that this person's self worth is based on the assumption of being special, different and misunderstood.  

And it's going to become hilarious very soon, right after this comment gets downvoted. Imagining you downvoting me, thinking some internet points matter to me when I just put my greasy fingers inside of your fragile delusional ego. Truly hilarious.

Anyway, if you're an INTJ, I'm Zordon.I didn't expect it but you're actually interesting. It seems you have taken the role of a peacock by showing off all the N you got. What you don't realize is that we're not of the same species (if you can forgive the image), your inferior Ne doesn't do anything for me.

It's normal to inconsciously take the features of what attracts us. It's the whole point of my post, duality seeking. Some don't find their duals and so they take on both their own role and the one of their dual. 

If you want to express your Ne to someone who can actually do something with it, I'd suggest you to visit /r/ENTP, /r/ENFP, /r/INFP or /r/ESTJ. But really try /r/ENTP, you'll love it. 

Now leave me alone forever, thank you.I have to block you, it doesn't seem you understand. Bye.Add fromaggio and a can of tuna and you're set.Good thing we have INFJs. Read these. 


https://typevolution.wordpress.com/2016/08/28/why-duality-is-not-as-common-as-it-should-be/

https://typevolution.wordpress.com/2016/11/21/your-enneagram-dual/

https://typevolution.wordpress.com/2016/12/19/cup-of-compatibility/

There is something fundamentaly impossible with the idea that Ni can be nihilist. Having Ni makes you unconsciously aware of endless potential scenarios. If you're an Ni user and you find yourself having nihilist thoughts, it means that you cannot see the continuity of a specific scenario or "being stuck" if you want. 

"Pure" nihilism can only be seen by Alpha Quadras because you don't have the preference for Ni nor Fi. Your introverted function are Ti and Si, the only conclusive thoughts you can have are through these 2 as your extroverted functions cannot be satisfied.

Ni and Fi are ever changing, new infos will feed and modify your Ni and Fi will help you endlessly connect with others. Those 2 are dynamic in that sense, where Ti and Si are both more of a constancy. Ti and Si are not looking for purpose unlike Ni and Fi, they're looking for structural stability. It's stoic. Of course you can't see a future to something immovable.  

I understand that you could read this in different ways to fit different narratives but honestly it's that simple. &gt; For me, Se is paralleled with "Chaos and sacrifices that gets results"
&gt; Si is paralleled with "Mindfulness, process orientated, preservation"

Thank you. Having an internal monologue to me requires an initial conscient effort. I don't have to have one but it's better for the clarity of my own thoughts.Small communities are more interesting. I follow /r/worldnews, and I find it extremely interesting to read what others have to say because it's usually factual and insightful but that sub has the best example of hive mind I've ever seen. 

So to put it in a picture... One day, every top comments will be about how great the right is, leaving no place for any counter arguements whatsoever but then the next week the same theme will pop again but this time, the left side is going to praised.

The idea behind the karma system is to upvote different pertinent point of views so that we can form a full picture on a subject but that's rarely what happens on bigger subs because of that hive mind. So basically reddit only works on a micro scale. When things get bigger, the meme mentality becomes law and any idea of an actual dialogue completely disappears.&gt; One Piece: Carrot

Wou-w-w-would y-you... *heavy breathing* W-would you cosplay as her?http://imgur.com/a/tsHCi

The hue would represent awareness. Black would be thoughts that just pop once and disappear after that, dark grey can pop if stimulated enough and light grey easily come to mind.
[Semira](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGJgAwEWtqs) from Underworld 5 is exactly how I imagine /u/thiswontdo if that matters.Mmmhh say, why do you believe yourself to be an INFJ over an ISTP? Because I kinda understand how you'd see yourself as an INFJ 1 but those things can be seen fitting for an ISTP-Ti 8 as well. Enneagrams aside, what is it that you see in yourself that reflects Ni-Fe? Not talking about your habits or your motivations or anything like that but just looking into the basics. 

Are you an emotional kind of person? Do you easily put yourself in the shoes of others? Do you find it hard to take a position because you easily see different perspective? Do you struggle with Se? As in do you need others to push you into doing things? Do you find it hard to turn off Fe? Does staying around people drain you very fast? Do you waste a huge amount of time feeding random thoughts? Or do these thoughts serve a purpose? 

Which one of these blindspots do you find more fitting to yourself? A or B?

&gt; LSIs may have difficulty processing ambiguity or uncertainty. When they are the victim of necessary ambiguity, they may have a tendency to focus on the worst-case scenario, and may attempt to expend so much effort as to be prepared for any conceivable contingency. Some LSIs may also tend to be very suspicious of others' intentions. Many LSIs have a tendency to see most issues in black and white terms, seeing others as clearly right or wrong, and they may have difficulty adapting to ideas espousing shades of gray, multiplicity of causes, or doubt, often seeing such perspectives as logically weak, unstructured, or inconsistent. Indeed, they may see little value in such ambiguous perspectives and may see them as not useful at all -- rather, strong and unarguably consistent points may seem more compelling and important to them. Only through a gradual and tireless process of experiential learning can LSIs grow to understand and alter the nature of their perspectives and categories (many older LSIs are more "mellow" than "rough").

&gt; LSIs' logical programs may necessitate that they feel a certain degree of control over others and their surroundings. LSIs that feel that they have none of their necessary control in a situation may react irritably, argumentatively, and sometimes lose control of their emotions in the form of a seemingly childish tantrum. They may have difficulty dealing with people who are consistently spastic and unreliable in their behavior, or who are always doing or seeking something new -- such individuals are too unpredictable and lawless, and offend their ability to oversee others around them.

&gt; LSIs may sometimes be seen as paranoid, overly defensive and quite territorial in dealing with others.

Or 

&gt; When confronted with a large body of factual information with which they are unacquainted, IEIs will often hesitate and refrain from saying anything so as to avoid appearing unknowledgeable or potentially embarrassing themselves. They may feel threatened and vacillate if pressured into producing critical evaluations of factual information or statistics; they may feel as though they do not know what to do with this type of information, and often prefer to rely on their internal conceptual framework use their understanding of the relevant processes to evaluate a situation. They may also be wary of basing their beliefs or actions on facts from outside sources, instead preferring to rely on their own insights. These behaviors can sometimes lead to confusion and lack of clarity, as they may have difficulty clearly explaining and underscoring the information pertinent their ideas.

&gt; They are often unconcerned with optimizing productivity or efficiency. They may generally try to avoid evaluating cost-effectiveness of resources, and are often not apt at making such discriminations. They may see persons who focus extensively on practical matters as boring and inanimate. They deeply dislike and can avoid tedious and disinteresting tasks that involve attention to detail and pragmatic focus, such as managing one's finances. They usually are exhausted by these tasks; they have no interest in and little idea how to do them, and often find it difficult to focus. They may be petulant and unresponsive in encounters with individuals who try to mobilize them into productive tasks, and may feel that such individuals are bossy and contemptible.

&gt; They may seem overly dreamy, lost in their own enterprises, and generally oblivious to the nature of the mundane tasks that surround them.&gt; I'm emotionally open and expressive though for the most part, albeit I don't like pushing myself onto other people so very limited in that sense.

Looking at the videos you posted, I don't find you very expressive at all. Aux Fe implies a lot more connectivity and a very strong control over the harmony. Why do you not like pushing it to others? Is it because it's inferior? Have you ever thought about that? If it's auxiliary than it should be your mobilization function, it's not just something you can turn off, it shoud be your main modus operandi. I find it extremely hard to believe that you could just show no sign of Fe when it's so high.  

&gt; Yes, much too easily, I had to learn how to shut it off.

Again, as a kid I guess? As in, you had no control over it until you grew up? Inferior functions tend to be hard to control as a kid. If it happened a year ago I would scratch my beard but here it seems that it happened a long time ago. 

&gt; I also tend to not waste my time on overly ambiguous systems

Okay... Like do you realize that sounds like a Ne blindspot? Yet in the examples I gave you, you refuted identifying with it. Sounds like either denial or a lack of N to see the connection between the abstract and the concrete.

I'm sure you're a smart guy. But there's no way I could ever see as an INFJ, it doesn't make sense. I've spent so much time on /r/INFJ and you just don't share the same thought process at all. I'm not linking you honest random texts, I'm genuinely trying to point at the inaccuracies I see yet it never seems like you see them. 

&gt; anything that is presented in such a way that no concrete principles can possibly be derived out of it I just ignore. 

Okay see this is extremely not INFJ. They are very very very understanding, no matter what because they are Ni-Fe long before Ti. Any NJ favors the context over the concrete, which I don't see in you. 

&gt; Typology is a great example of ambiguity that doesn't bother me

Mmmmhhhhh Typology is not that ambiguous, it actually follows abstract principles that reasonably do not vary all that much. Obviously not all INFJs have to be typology experts but if one takes a deep interest in it and still see it as ambiguous, I'd say there's something that doesn't make much sense in this picture. That you find one thing or two that bothers is absolutely normal but if you can't make sense out of socionics for example, then it's different. 

&gt; Yes I struggle with "apathetic" behavior, I have a really hard time getting the ball rolling towards the goals I want to pursue. It's part of why I'm so drawn to characters like Guts or a real life example someone like Dan Pena, any mindset that keeps me entirely accountable and tells me to stop being a fucking baby and just do it. I really need to anchor myself in those kind of black and white mentalities to get anything done.

The tertiary Ni in IxSPs gives them this famous "to believe" need. It sounds fairly ambiguous but really it's not. Because there is an absence of Ne and an importance given to Ni, it creates a black and white view on things. Ne would give you the ability to compare abstract thoughts together when there isn't necessarily a visible path to it. Tertiary Ni can't do that so it needs to see things as right or wrong from the start, it can't adapt. 

The ISTP-Se subtype is very physically active but there's nothing for Ti subtype that indicate an overactive life style. They can very much never move or whatever.

Mh the imagination part is unspecific, "anyone can do" blabla. And then people drain you part, yes you're an introvert but you don't have much to say about it. NFs would have more to say in general about people and the dynamic of things. Here it's very "concrete".

http://www.sociotype.com/socionics/types/LSI-ISTj/subtypes Read it again and please at least admit it sounds a lot like you...

Obviously I'm an ENTJ, so I think in statistic inside of a frame so I'm never 100% sure of anything. But at I'd say there's only 23% chance of you being an INFJ.

Like you have to realize that the thing that attach you to the idea of the INFJ are not that strong. You could think of Hitler (sry to Godlaw this) and think, well he was an INFJ and he had a very black and white mentality. But is that what defined him? He wrote his whole mythology, I think that's what defines him more than just being part of the axis of evul. And still, that man used his NF qualities to get where he got. He charmed the people, telling them what they wanted to hear and getting the reaction he wanted while manipulating pretty much everyone around him. 

I think there's a lot of SJWs who are INFPs, makes sense after all. But what I saw is that there are actually a bunch of NFJs behind the curtains who would write things like, "hey here's 100 reasons why white people should die" or whatever. Their own vision on things never stops growing is what I'm trying to say. It's never that simple as black and white if you want. Don't misunderstand me, I'm sure in your mind it's more than black and white, this is just a compartive speech. Ni-Fe-Ti-Se or Ti-Se-Ni-Fe, the difference is in the quantity and quality, not in basic structural behaviors as they're more tied to the quadras. 

You're a lone wolf with a black and white mentality who doesn't like rellying on others... Sounds very much ISTPish to me. Is it a caricature? Mhfs I don't think so, it's like jokes... there is always a part of truth in them. You can guess the whys and hows through typology. INFJs will listen to you but they don't do it to "learn" per se, they are just looking for a contextual Ni-Fe to place you somewhere so that they can make sense of what's going on. This is a key fact I don't see in you. You ask questions to deduct, not to place. 

See it's like hum, judgemental people. What is someone who is truly judgemental? Regardless of the definition, true judgemental people can really only be P's. Because Js have a very detailed files on their experiences. You can't see things in a judgemental manner when all you see is a very high number of groupings inside a single entity. The more a J knows, the more complete is the view. P's do things the other way around, they push you in a specific corner, they look for precision. There is no corner if a person is part of 54234 different groupings. 

Can you understand this example? Can you see the nuance? If you chat with someone, you will try to impose an angle, I don't. I just place a few points on a map that can only lead to a single possible deduction. Of course I'm Te-Ni and we won't think alike regardless, still the placing part is what implies higher Ni. 

CheersLike a fine wine. ;)https://typevolution.wordpress.com/2016/12/06/how-subtypes-create-pseudo-types/

I'll just leave this here.They all are.It's not as much as it seeks to unify ideas, it's just that it looks for what's behind the ideas. The oneness is found at the core of a context but there isn't really a process of transforming or mixing together different ideas. It seeks a connection between ideas that can be explained in one principle. Doesn't matter how you dress a body because we're aware of the naked body before anything else. 

If you see a person change around the course of a month, you won't be destabilized by it because you will use this Ni anchor to make sense of what's happening to the person. Doesn't matter what shapes a balloon takes because we know what it looked like when deflated. 

Ni works like an equation more than anything. 

6-2 = 4

7-3 = 4

So in a way you could say that it simplifies instead of unify. Hey I guess that makes you smart for questioning it. You are correct, it's a crap definition. 

Also, your Ni is probably *more* visual than mine. Just a NFJ/NTJ difference I guess.&gt; Is it just a pattern-matching thing, or what?

Yes


Mh regardless, INFJs think a lot more in term of pictures than INTJs do. I doubt you'd see as much associative clear imagery coming from an INTJ. There's something essential that your Fe gives you that you won't find in a Ni-Te pairing, it's a lot more consequential. You might see rage as strong waves because you'd associate it with the kind of extreme and uncontrollable strength that the sea holds but Ni paired with Te would rather think of a black drop falling into a glass of water contaminating the whole water. Well that's kind of the point.There is one correct answer per question and the ambiguousity is meant to put you off but there is only one angle that fits the narrative. 

So what's your type anyway? &gt; Korean language is high context

That's interesting, I never realized that although I watched a bunch of Kdramas. I should totally learn Korean. Might have to wait for things to cool off with North korea before visiting though. 

I think you missed the important word which is "ideal". Your Ne picked on a few words and started overthinking the whole thing.

Is it ideal to work 72 hours for a decent pay or do nothing and get bitches n riches? That's really all it comes to. huehue

That said I'm sure there is a great deal of nuance that is lost in translation. I'd love to explore more of this test if can find it, even if it's only in English. &gt; It's entirely learnable through repetition and early exposure helps a lot.

Do you think it has an effect beyond texts?&gt; Did you ever notice with the dramas that sometimes the sentences just sound really simplistic, even for a big/important/emotionally charged moment? It's not that the people are dumb or anything, it's that the words are loaded with hidden information.

Yeah I did catch on it, that's why it striked me! But that's pretty much all I know. ~~Something something korean's girl tongue.~~

I bet it's true for most east asian languages.I'm not denying that any skill can be learnt but this is effortless and I've always been a dunce. I own it to my intuition alone, there's very little schooling helped with this bit. This is just a natural aptitude Ni allows, just like math for Se types. I don't see why you bring up IQ, this is just contextual comprehension. I'm not trying to determin who's smarter in any way. 

You're starting to sound like an INFP! Are you sure you're not mistyped? ;FAHAHAHHAHA&gt; Don't correlate Extraversion with shallowness

Followed by

&gt; r/Showerthoughts : a sub for Ni dominants

[meme](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/3730519/eye-twitch-o.gif)I'd say the kickstart for me as to come from my dom and aux functions, I can find my values by exploring connected reasons first and then finding them through deduction. But honestly it's still a big struggle for me when confronted with simple questions...

*What makes you sad?*

*What do you like about me?*

*Why do you not do certain things?*

I literally have to enter a reversed thought process to find the source or to be directly stimulated by something, someone outside of myself. 

*I don't know. Give me a month to thinking about it.*

I have to be alone and calm to enter this deeper state of mind. Being asked direct questions like these are one of my worst fears because I can't answer them and it makes me appear completely devoided of depth. 

INTPs have that thing I'd call inferior Fe delay. Where the INTP would be in the company of someone cheerful and fun, keeping a nice vibe going on but still it's going to take at least 15min for the INTP to reach that same note, during those 15min the INTP will remain impassible. 

So I'd say inferior extroverted function might work better through a continued extroverted stimulation where my inferior introverted function demands of me complete tranquility. Direct outside stimulations are great but it's unpredictable and might be hard to define still. If I'm able to answer these questions it's because I've had prior reflections over them but then it's me speaking Te-Ni and not really Fi.Mh I don't know man, INTPs will feel like their ideas are never complete. You'll absorb the same bits of information forever and you'll never be satisfied. You're the living proof of this phenomenon, I don't know why you're still doing here. You must be lvl98 mbtist, I don't think you need anymore xp. I believe the main strength ISFJs have is to create groups within groups to ensure their own survival and social influence. If an ISFJ has enough charisma to be liked by everyone this situation will not be necessary but in most instances this is what happens. 

Bursts of inferior Ne appear when there is a need for something outside of the natural sphere of influence. Smalls acts meant to create together a big push toward the specific goal.Fi or Fe they're still social functions. While Fe is flexible, Fi still serves the community through individual actions often reflecting a collective value. Because Fi is predictable, it maintains together the group by offering guild lines. And because Fi fills a crucial lack of necessary social structures for none Fi users to reflect on and structure themselves around.&gt; Like recently I've just come across that N (intuition) is more about the observations on behavior, and S (sensing) is about the observations on states. Could be a shitty "boiled down version" for each attitude, but it's something that matches up with a lot about how these functions are previously defined.

It's a good way of looking at it.*Nervous Laughter*[Whatever these 2 are.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZtessx96JI)

Ferguson seems ENFP but I'm not sure about Dylan... Naruto- ENFP &gt;&gt;&gt; ESFP

Sasuke- INTJ &gt;&gt;&gt; ISTJWell let's see... She has a very serious tone about her, she's not preaching ideas but values, so Delta Quadra. I highly doubt she'd be a feeler, she's very TJ. She can smile when it is needed but she can't really joke. 

Huh ESTJ? Most definitely STJ anyways.Both NTPs fall into what I'd see as the category of thinkers who can't lie if you pay enough attention to them. Seeing the difference between introversion and extroversion from there is fairly easy aka pedantic vs charming.Se as Creative Function
The individual takes specific steps to move himself forward towards achieving concrete goals and tangible results. This may involve deliberately making concrete steps to move ahead in specific situations, pushing through to achieve a short-range goal, abruptly taking on an organizational role, shaking up and mobilizing others to prod them into taking concrete actions. The individual does not generally seek out direct confrontation, but he is also not afraid of it. He performs well at jobs that require manipulation of concrete objects and physical properties. He accomplishes the tasks assigned to him diligently and expects the same of others.
Ni as Mobilizing Function
The individual periodically needs outside advice of how a situation will develop into the future in order to know when and how to proceed. The individual takes actions without proper evaluations of their consequences which he is faced with later. As a result he becomes more cautious and attempts to slow down, but by himself he poorly sees when it's necessary to do so and when it is needed to proceed further, and thus can end up wasting his time and powers or creating undesirable result for himself. Without an outside reassurance and evaluation of his actions, encouragement when it is beneficial to proceed further (ESI) or which actions can lead to negative outcomes (LSI), the individual is inclined to either try to remain inactive and miss good opportunities or act immediately and sometimes impulsively in inopportune moments.

Or

Ne as creative function
The individual likes to apply his insight to specific situations, relating them to other information to discover general patterns, regularities, maxims and values in his environment and in actions of others. He also enjoys bringing up and discussing alternatives and notions, which may sound bold and unlikely to transpire, and which are usually idealized and hypothetical circumstances or what could be rather than discussion what has already been. He does not pursue ideas or new opportunities merely for their own sake, but for their application to specific situations, questions and issues that he feels are important.
Si as Mobilizing Function
The individual has some difficulties being in tune with internal physical states and discerning the physical properties and potentialities of people and objects, which leads to mishaps and errors of judgement in situations where he has to deal with the physical world. This leads to tension and anxiety, as the individual desires for supportive and harmonious environment, but he is unable to create such an environment himself and dislikes having to put in regular and extensive efforts into maintaining the kind of lifestyle. While he takes care of his basic needs he greatly prefers someone else to take the lead in dealing with the material world. The individual tends to periodically get wound up and uptight, he may engage in overanalysis that is mostly based in theory, while being unable to resolve his internal perceptions and take concrete actions to improve his state. He needs someone to help him resolve these issues, provide him with advice, direction, and evaluation of his own efforts in this area, sensitively discern his needs, resolve and eliminate possible sources of tension that has built up. The individual tends to go into extremes in this area, either neglecting it or trying to overperform.

Show that to someone who knows you and they should be able to tell you what you are.I'll repeat as well. ;)

Show that to someone who knows you well and they should be able to tell you what you are.

I know very well that it is hard to put the idea of yourself in a few lines but from an outside perspective it should make sense. 

Aux Se means you should have heaps of short goals in your day and yes it can be anything from going see a nearby friend for a smoke to playing video games or even doing dishes.  It's all about the "what are we doing now?".

&gt; The explanation of Se sounds like a Te Dom, nothing to do with ISFP.


I don't know what you mean. For example, you'd play games for the sake of playing but as a Te dom I'd play them for the sake of cutting into pieces the gameplay.

ISFPs still do a lot of planning but they would most likely choose the quick thing that can be done now over the not doing something for the sake of achieving something in the future.

As an ENTJ I still like to do things but I'd much rather do these things with the help of someone else. In most cases I'll choose facility instead over doing things, even if I do wanna do these things. I plot, basically.

If you're an INFP it might be hard to realize yourself that what you're saying is often very far from the point. But someone who knows you could probably tell. That's aux Ne...

The way Si is explained here heavily underlines the absence of Se, really. ISFPs are great at knowing people, it might take some time but at some point somebody will do or say something that they'll recognize in somebody else, finding an association. INFPs are more self centered, they'll most likely find who you are based on endless explorations based on how they interpret somebody's action based on themselves and how they would feel about it in the same situation. That said if you're a 4 you're probably extremely self centered in the first place... so...The fact that your right brain is connected to your left brain should keep you from hearing voices.Basically your point is that Ne is easier to understand.&gt; An analogy is a comparison in which an idea or a thing is compared to another thing that is quite different from it. It aims at explaining that idea or thing by comparing it to something that is familiar.

NJs think constantly in terms of associations, like literally thinking in analogy. 

Ne might link something like; drop -&gt; water -&gt; river -&gt; sea -&gt; ocean. Those are all the same, they're made of water and the only real difference is the quantity and the way they behave. It's not hard to understand because it's basically the same thing. The link is self evident. That's not a metaphor or an analogy.

&gt; A metaphor is a figure of speech that refers, for rhetorical effect, to one thing by mentioning another thing. It may provide clarity or identify hidden similarities between two ideas.

Mh there's too many fallacies tbh I wouldn't know where to start. But your idea of what a metaphor or even an analogy is wrong.I had a huge crush on an INFP from 7 to 10. The teacher even got her to sit next to me for a whole year. You don't know hell on earth until you're forced to sit next to your crush. I felt ecstatic to go to school in the morning but during class I was just a ball of contracted muscles. xD

It's funny how you remember these things. I even remember how I stopped loving her. I basically told myself that she wasn't the one for me but somewhere in the future I'd find again someone just like her. That and mad repression skills, thanks to my enneagram 1 abilities hehehe... 

I guess I was mature for my age, let's go with that.You're everyone in your dreams. You don't care about your dreams. You don't care about yourself. 

Why do you hate yourself Ihq?Watch The Fly (1986), most ENTP meme film there is.It gives you a statistic, a probability. If there is a 1% of winning a gambling game and you found yourself confused over why you lost, than one's own stupidity is to blame. She sometimes looks like a whale but she always sings like a siren.Have you ever felt the weight of fate?Mh I didn't expect this answer. ISTJs really are worth listening to when they don't try to sound like something they're not. 

Mh :D that was meant as a compliment. Oops?Maybe you should wait a few years and allow yourself to mature a little before joining forums. I mean no hate but let's be honest, I'd hate to see you pop on my shit a third time.
I'd say you understand all of this very well as would a balanced individual. It's easier to type people based on their weaknesses, their lack of this or that. You're not showing any signs of misjudgement so it's unconclusive. That said you're probably an INFP because you invoque a certain common sense and your view on humanity remains naively hum... innocent. 

but then here:

&gt; The SJW movement is so caught up in concepts and ideas... blabla

You show great critical thinking skills. Sorry If I sound like a big meanie but I'm not convinced most INFPs would be able to understand these kind of complicated abstract ideas. :(

So I dunno.

But to put things into perspective, here's the two scenarios I've noticed. 

INFPs can be SJWs because they easily empathize with other people's problems, they'll take these problems as their own and try to reach a *global* audience.

INFJs are sharper people, they'll talk to you one on one and make you reflect on a issue they know you will *personally* understand. Still INFJs are the kind of people who would keep a blog with "here's 100 reasons why white people should die" as their opening title. 

The INFP will look for a global justice or a global system of morals. Where INFJs will try and find a specific angle on which they'll focus. But INFPs are too soft to wish the death of anyone. INFJs are Delta quadras and as such they're not as tender but they will be less decisive in their approach, so they would write the "100 reasons why white people should die" but they wouldn't tell you how to do it. It's more that they want to really explore a single angle of reality. 

INFJs often say they see all the persepctivezzz but I'm not entirely convinced of the validity of this statement. Or maybe they do and only SJWs are ones who give them a bad rep.

Keep rolling sister!I wish I could deny or confirm this but truly my best discernment on the INFP type comes from socionics, pictures I've interpreted and interactions with INFPs enneagram 6 which I feel sorry to say and on my own experience, don't represent the best a type has to offer.

I've never shared a laugh or held a stare long enough to bring me to believe that was true. &gt; says the one who just collectively shit on ISTJs with a comment

Did I really? Is it wrong for me to have enough perspective to realize a lot of people on these forums are mistyped ISTJs who all somewhat think their abstract ideas are any interesting? 

I'm okay being a big meanie but I'm not wrong. 

And that was a very insightful answer coming from Audreaya, it held value. I wish more ISTJs would bring as much insight.I'm just trying to be optimistic xDI can type people fairly fast, sometimes in an hour, often in a few days.

i wouldn't focus too much on the functions you think you see, rather try to find out the axis they belong to. If you can find out if they are Ni/Se or Ne/Si, that's already half the job.

I'm a Te dom, I wouldn't study the theory if I couldn't see a direct application. Typology is just a great addition to your everyday socialisation. It's also a very serious tool you can use on yourself. If you are sure of your type and you realize you don't fit the socionics description, it will give you a clue that you're probably not acting in your best interest. Being a Ni user is dangerous on itself, you can literally make yourself hear talking enigmatic cats. The simple fact of having a lighthouse in this foggy wonderland is not something you should ignore.

Overall it brings a map of patterns you should recognize. If you know which direction to take you will avoid 359 mistakes. It's not like you need typology to understand relationships but it honestly makes them a lot easier.

I might give the wrong impression because it's only a forum and I like to practice my fundamental right of being an asshole. I might be an ass to ISTJs because I feel typology doesn't concern them as much as it'd concern me or people like me. Irl they are my favourite kind of people. Anyone who knows what a supervision rel feels like would know all the positive it brings. I'll take a shower, have a shave and dress nicely just for them because I know they'll judge the fuck out of me and I want to impress. While I find most INTJS completely retarded. They have such a loopy mind that only NFs would find impressive. I honestly don't know why they're seen as so intelligent when they are so slow on changing their perspectives. They have mad encyclopedic skills but that's it. I would trust one to help me find a book of my liking in their own library but when it comes to finding a cure to cancer, I'd rather trust my own type. Do you think Sartre was such a big deal? 99% of what came out of mouth was deep moronic contemplation, worthless, unentertaining, misdirecting crap.

That said all 16 relationships will enrich you in ways that are unique to their intertypes. If you choose to ignore some of them, you're dry buttfucking yourself by slowing your own growth. I hope most people have realised that by now.[✔️] Shit on INTJs.My theory is that most mediums are ISFPs, especially the ghost seeing kind. They lead with a very strong social function and must be bombarded with semi unconscious imageries. Basically one would enter a room and since their main judgement is taking the perspective of people, they would subconsciously know which kind of people would live there, what went through their heads and all that. And unconsciously they would see transitional blurry flashes they would interpret as mystical visions.

Or maybe it'd better fit ESFPs, I dunno. [It's super catchy, I promise.](https://youtu.be/sTsRw_OJyFU)[Fiiine.](https://youtu.be/KWZGAExj-es)11:57

Pff I still have to wait 2 hours before I can move out of this hostel. 2 fucking dollars for a towel. Yeah right. What's next? 5 dollars for a shit? I'll dry myself with your curtains and wipe my ass with you bed sheets, see how smart you can get with your little policies.

In 5 hours I start this new job. An ENTJ working for an ENTP, bet they'll love the irony. Schedule is a little tight. Tight huh? Sshh they can hear us, precious. 

Oh listen it's that song! right I absolutely need to go there today at this specific time. 

Sigh... Reading myself I sound a little tense. Well duh, you just lost your tabbaco, that's a 20 note gone for no reasons. 

12:05Te = win. Got it.Could it be signs of repressed homoeroticism signified through a script built on camaraderie and codependency?I'm just fucking with you. You got the right idea.Because I'd have to dig a little but fine. Here's a typical [ESTP](http://imgur.com/a/ToWUf), I'm even not sure how to start on this one even if that's pretty much [it](http://imgur.com/a/tvnER). Inferior Ni so not very subtle, instead you get a very direct I'm looking at you Se. Combined with the curiousity and straight forwaredness of Ti and the Fe openess. So weirdly enough you can see the Fe even if it's not obvious. Because there is 25456234 ways a Fi user would look at you but there's only one "pure" Fe way and it's this one, since ExTP have a Fi blindspot, you get this very open, non judgemental but curious look. 

ESFPs are the opposite, they attack you with their Fi, They cannot look at anyone with true neutral eyes. it's the combination of Se-Fi, Se means there is a direct dynamic element at play and Fi means it's independant of oneself and it's guided by the intent which comes from Te. I don't think I have any pix of ESFPs, not my cup of tea but you could always simply google Riley Reid.Mhh I don't know to be honest. Ti is the most conscious function so you don't get all that tralala. What you often get is a straight look without much nuance. Of course ISTPs are more agitated to the point where they could look like drug addicts. INTPs can look and sound like prophetic wizards or shy awkward virgins. The difference should be obvious but I can't think of any mannerism. Sometimes INTPs do look around a lot like the infp but I found rare, they can also leave long pauses inbetween sentences but again it's too rare to be seen as a pattern.Bet I could type you based on your drawings.It's a great place to read, not necessarily good one to write though. It's so big you'll always find interesting and relevant infos. People who have direct experience on the thematics and reddit detectives will make sure of that.

Karma however is a big joke. You're supposed to upvote relevant posts and comments who support a better overview but that's rarely what you find. If you go on worldnews you'll find what I'd call the opinion of the week. One day you'll find comments with thousands of upvotes supporting X and anything going in the other direction supporting Y will be aggressively put down. Come back a week later and you'll find the exact opposite and now X is the bad guy. You could literally see the **same** exact comment from last week that was looked down like a fascist in a crowd of SJWs, now being upvoted like the words of Jesus. What. The. Fuck.

But then again, you'll always see that delay where someone will point out something new and it's going to take a few days for people to realize, "zomg that's right!!1" It's just sad we can't live in a world where nuanced and opposing views can be looked at equally.

I like the site as it is, I'd just change the name of karma for trending points or something reflecting the reality.

At least we're far from 4chan, "hello nexfag lol". Fuck me, I've only ever been there to find obscure porn but even then I feel dirty.Good ol' ApwAv... Hopefully for him, he'll change some day.INFPI have to agree, both types tend to play internet police.

EJArendee did warn us you'd always find at least one infp lurking in any chat room of the internet.

Ironically, INFPs are the least accepting when it comes to individuality. Like it's okay for you to believe you were a unicorn in your past life but it comes to simply being a human being, you have to be corrected. Well it's not like you'll be hated for expressing yourself, it's rather that you'll be misunderstood then hated and that's because there is a pattern of what a human should be like.

My INFP father holds the belief that humanity will eventually self destruct. It's odd to find someone who can be so understanding of an individual's motivés while at same time being disgusted by humanity as a whole.

INTPs however ask the opposite question, "what is wrong with being ___?" But they're clueless when it comes to forseeing what a major change of values would cause on a big scale. And of course... You'll be corrected if you believe you were a unicorn in past life...

Other types tend to be entertained, unconcerned or unopinionated. E1 are too passionated to remain objective.Yesss that's exactly it.

I think duality is misunderstood in the sense that your dual pretty much takes the lead of your inferior function. And if your dual is a negative force... Well, it's going to suck you in all the same and it's going to be hard to get out of it. 

The aggressive nature of Se is going to seek control or simply said, to dominate. And Bryan Cranston was very much powerless against her as she was still in control of that part of him. He had to be pushed into a corner, quite literally, for him to release himself from it.

You having to exert that counter Fe to free yourself from her control is very much the same. 

&gt; followed by an immense sense of failure at reasoning with another person.

This is especially revealing. 

And on a personal note, this is prolly what caused my depression in the first place and what made me stuck in it for so long...

It's quite a fascinating subject! Thanks you definitely made my post worth the effort.And TJs are seen as best types, especially cocky NTJs. HeheheheDo you have any idea what your boyfriend's type is?&gt; New theories, untested practices, hypotheses and assumptions do not trust.

Checks the ESTP-Ti characteristics.That doesn't sound very INTJish.Any science has a very Ti heavy side. Defining Te as Ti's retarded little brother is not going to change that.

&gt; fewer concrete and verifiable facts

You just have to spot which ideas interconnect and you'll realize there's plenty of repetitions. I'm not sure what to do with the word "fact" though...

&gt; that are easily sorted into accepted categories

The whole point of typology is to create categories.Mmhhh is this what we are?

Me enjoying my free crazy self and you trying to keep me from being too unreasonably so? Like Ryo Saeba and Kaori? Sounds like quite the headache, double meaning intended.

Socionics is not that complicated but it takes time to absorb, consider and experience. If anything, an INFP would have a large advantage over anybody else because you should know people as a Fi dom.

Do you enjoy mangas? There are 37592629 mangas rotating around the classic love triangle between INFP - ISTJ/ENTJ. You should have a decent idea of what to expect from chating with me.

You know those categories as width is already there, the only direction you can take from here is in depth. Blaming difficulty is a self serving statement, in my opinion. An excuse if you want. The blame is on yourself. I believe this is a language you understand. 

Do you like my serious self now? That's quite a few questions, take your time.I see I should probably make another post on visual typing...I'm so very sorry. I'm a little slow, could explain to me your point once more?Aaand yet another reaction meme level comment by chakke_ooch. I wish someone with no life would reply a picture to everyone of your comments, haunting you like a ghostly portfolio.That's quite a few refined definitions broken down into smaller and more defined categories. You could even say that this whole makes quite a complex system. Thanks.I've checked various sources of information regarding MBTI for more than 3 years almost daily. I lead with extroverted thinking which basically give me a very rational way of looking at things without much bias regardless of what anyone can imagine. I also have introverted intuition which helps me recognize patterns and extroverted sensing which absorbs a lot of information when it is "on" and turned on I was. ;) She also talked to me prior so that helped too.

Can I go now officer?She was playing an entp? Is that a thing in strip clubs? xD[eeh eh e heeheh e heehe h e ehehe ehh](https://youtu.be/5hzgS9s-tE8?t=2m6s)Ne doms are asexual in my mind, like a third gender. I mean  I would butt as a joke.No.

But I did cop a feel of a goddess tier istj.You're ISFJ.

People will have to drink some reality juice at some point. A shit inferior peanut of Si is not enough to make a étoile danser.

&gt; All this is irrelevant though.

I disagree.&gt; has mistyped *themselves*

Is it grammatically correct or is it some SJW new age thing? She's one person, not twelve. And she's not royalty as far as I know. So why?ISFP

Trust me, I studied the question myself.I worry because I'm not even sure if I'm a person at all. Ugly is not a word I would ever use to describe myself though.Find what you want most in the whole world. Bask in the fantasy of reaching that dream. Try as much as you can. Hit yourself with the hard realisation that you'll never get it. 

There, that's how you purge yourself of unecessary wishful thinking and attain "growth". Your basic self now free of corruption, will take over and happiness will ensure.

I'm a solid 11/10 most days and I've managed enlightment as an enneagram 10.Joke desuYe ye ye, no. Your Ni is still shit tier at best on a perfect day. ENFPS are clumsey people who make obvious Ni mistakes that you'd expected from an inferior Ni user. Comparing it to a ENxJ is the kind of delusion level you'd expect to found inside of a cultGet out of the house mate.

Whatever answers you're seeking, you won't find them from your desk.But it's night time D:To what end?CoolI'm in Australia for a working holiday visa. You should come too, I definitely recommand it. ;(That's actually very plausible. As far as I know he was just a love spreading hippie, he didn't do any of the writing, his disciples did. 

Why would he be an INFJ over an ENFJ? And why would he be an enfj over an isfp?

He wanted to share his values. He didn't try to transform humanity or to understand it, he just wanted people to be more compassionated. Also his whole quest for spreading the word of God can very well be a sign of inferior Te. The bible wasn't written by him or in other words he had no structure or plan. He just went around from village to village and that was his whole deal. Caricatural isfp.

Maybe Judas was a gay estp who had a crush of Jesus who got "upset" when he learned being gay was not okay?

Also there were 15 disciples, plus Jesus. Coincidence? I think not.You're on every selfie threads. :|You don't have to debat my sarcasm.ENFJ. The way your head is positioned is like some high Fe secret mathematics, I've only ever seen in ENFJs.

Tell me if I'm right. Mmhh. Do you feel an undeserved and irrational hate towards the author? Might be a clue. Do you think she will after my comment?

You should post a picture if you feel it. It's not a competition, only humans curious about other humans.You live 30min away from each other but you never meet? What do you expect exactly? Do you think she's burning with firey passion for a text message? I'm not following your subjective logic.

You talk about her as if she was an Auschwitz prisoner. She's not a Si type who needs to be pitied and comforted. She needs somebody to make her feel things. If it takes her days to answer you it prolly means she's not getting any energy from you. If anything you're probably draining her.I start by picking the functions first, the order later. 
No need to overthink what they say or do. If they use Fe over Fi, it shows. If they use Ne over Ni, it shows. There you go you already know their quadra. If one of these doesn't appear I assume it's inferior.

Of course you have to know how functions manifest themselves. But honestly it's not that hard to type the people you get to know. Fixating celebrities is not going to help you get better at it though, their whole deal is their image. Type real people.

One tricky part though that I don't think most people realize comes from the instinctive variantes.

If I take myself for example. You might see me and think, "it's an ENTJ! I'm going to ask him for legal advices on my gay mariages!!" WRONG. That's the Sp realm, I'm Sx/So and I don't go there. I find somebody who can do that part for me.

But then you'll meet an ESFJ 6 Sp/So and they'll give you all the infos you'd want on your gay mariage. And of course you'd think, "what a serious and knowledgeable guy. He has to be an entj." Nope, doesn't work like that.

I wouldn't tell you to divide by 6 before 16 even if it sounds efficient. It's just a reminder that peole come in all shapes and forms. And forcing socionics where it doesn't fit is not going to make you any good at typing. If you struggle with words like static/dynamic, I'd say you should learn about people first before forcing socionics into them. Because it does make a lot of sense once you see things from the right angle.In conflict with close to 14% of the population. Doomed to play the villain. :[Demonstrative Ni basically mean they are very talented professional basketball players who can't actually see the opponent's basket, only theirs is visible to them. Scorpio, you tell me. Excellent thinking, JohnDoe143.I met an ENTP who was 8w7 or 7w8. He had a few problems, typical ENTP problems, regardless he ran his own business. Is idea of a career was to actually change job every 3-5 years. Somehow he could connect these different "jobs" he had by connecting the people he had worked with. He had a very cheap India guy (who lives India) do all of his websites for him. He had a few people he knew could handle the physical aspect of things. His mother was very good with numbers and regulations so he kept her around. You get the idea.

If you've been around typology forums for a while, you must have heard that ENTJs are the most "sensor" of NTs. Which I personally find retarded but at the same I understand why people say that. It's retarded because we don't have any Si and half the sensors have a high use of Si. So in that same sight, you could say INTPs are the closest to sensors of all NTs, despite the obvious lack of Se.

Still I find it interesting. Let's turn the cube around some more, and let's say ENTPs are the most Feeler of all the NTs. Retarded I know but honestly, from my perspective it kinda make sense. ENTPs know what make people tick and what's trending, they know so much about people it's actually scary. I would be incapable of making so many connections with people like that guy could. Because I'm fairly exacting in what I do, I know what I want and I would always allow people to bring their own ideas and whatever but as long as it does not change "our" trajectory. ENTPs like to try stuff, they try new things and if it works they keep and improve it and if it doesn't they try something else. That's how you operate, playing around with your Ne like a bonobo plays with himself. 

The last letter of your MBTI can be removed and both judger and perceiver types can be seen as having the same purpose. For ENTx it is to impliment your ideas and vision. Both ENTJ and ENTP have that in commun, even if they do so with completely different methods and goals in mind, both want to affect the world around them.

Honestly I fucking hate the way ENTPs run their business. So unrelliable, every 2 days the "plan" dramatically changes but some people don't mind that at all. You have to find the right people.

I don't think you necessarily need a "career" but there's plenty you can do if you have the drive for it. ENTPs way of working is to just go in and improvise as they go along. You can go to the supermarket and find a rare and special promotion on shampoos, buy a stock and then sell it in an open market for double or triple the price. Make use of an importunity and impliment what you need to make it work. Or you can open a business and work very hard at finding how you can improve evey aspects of it to the maximum and once you're bored with it, just sell it. Well, it'll never work on first try because you guys are retarded like that, doesn't mean it should stop you. Because eventually, once you've tried everything you'll have a very large internal understanding of what works and what doesn't. Then you know, connecting ideas blablabla.

These adventures will make you interesting to the people you meet and you'll find the validation you need while living a not so boring life, satisfying your E7 junkie need for constant intense stimulation.Have you checked [this](http://www.9types.com/epd/1.gif) though? The difference is as thin as love and hate. Could help you in your self improvement. And if it does, please slap your own face for me. :FI'll tell you exactly what I believe is the main fucking problem with INFPs. 

&gt; especially because she has other friends that she gives permission to be imperfect because she values them more.

It is so annoying when you guys do that thing where you just decide on the reasons why we do certain things. 1 You don't know. 2 We might not even know ourselves.ENxPs often try to relate things to themselves with their particular experiences, or likings. But it doesn't really go anywhere because they're not good at it.

"- What are you eating? It looks like dog food! "

"- I had a dog once, he would always sniff my balls."

I guess they would need some kind of answer like huh a mix of fact and felt experienced. Maybe something like "Yeah dogs do that but did you know it's normal because blabla and also it's weird because you trust them so you don't really mind. So you untrust your balls to your dog and that's meaningful." 

Things you'd just brush off with a, "that's interesting honey."

Kinda like when you visit a touristic area and it looks like shit and everybody's taking pictures meanwhile you're just standing there like "wow, that's just... wow". Not being able to find value in this historical constancy and correlate with what others see, basically.:|Introduction to Te

Extroverted logic is an rational, extroverted, and dynamic IM element. It is also referred to as Te, P, algorithmic logic, practical logic, or black logic (because the symbol is black). Extroverted logic deals with the external activity of objects, i.e the how, what and where of events, activity or work, behaviour, algorithms, movement, and actions. The how, what and where of events would be the external activity of events, activity or work would be the external activity of a machine or individual(s) and algorithms describe the external activity of objects.

Since Te perceives objective, factual information outside the subject (external activity) and analyzes the rationale and functionality of what is happening or being done or said. "Quality" to a Te type is how well an object performs the functions for which it was made. A Te type can judge a person to be "effective" if he is able to achieve his purposes without wasting any energy or producing unwanted side effects. So Te types basically evaluate people and things using the same criteria.

Te as Leading Function (LIE, LSE)

Extroverted logic as base function is manifested as a need to accumulate factual information, also from external sources such as books, second-hand information, etc, on matters of personal interest or of professional activity. This also gives these types confidence on being well-informed on the same matters, which enables them to enter arguments related to them with confidence on their knowledge, which may come across as arrogance to others. Another manifestation is an evaluation of external reality - work activities, world events, finances, procedures, personal relationships, conversations - from the point of view of factual accuracy and "making sense" and efficiency. It leads to an inclination to be proactive in increasing the efficiency and reasonableness of the external world, as well as a sense of self-worth connected on being involved and productive in activities seen as useful, profitable, or that increase one's knowledge base. To give out information that the individual knows not to be factually accurate is disturbing and avoided as much as possible.

Te as Creative Function (ILI, SLI)

It is manifested as a preference for factual accuracy over ideological consistency, and for objective, "harsh" communication over careful words that avoid a negative atmosphere. A view of the external environment being efficient, reasonable, and making sense is essential to their well-being and sense of inner peace, but they do not feel a pressing need for being proactive or productive themselves in that area.ISTPs have a somewhat strong sense of what's wrong and right. Where they suck is that they have a hard time connecting with others, they need somebody who can bring them on the same emotional vibe. ENFPs don't care about that, emotional connectivity is their flaw. They wanna do their own things, like little kids jumping in puddles or pulling girls hair. The ISTP doesn't see the worth in that as it doesn't reach him. If anything Fe is rather a steady thing, while Ne-Fi goes from happy to sad in a few seconds. The ENFP can't bring himself to staying on the same emotional vibe for more than a minute. Therefore the ISTP in his eyes is like a vulgar rock where he is a shining diamond, althought diamonds don't shine but reflect light. You were wrong Rihanna. 

The ENFP enjoys cheerful group atmosphere but it's not a priority in his eyes. Even on a personal level, ENFPs are somewhat selfish, they're not acting with concern to other's people mood. They'll try to push you to their emotional level but without consideration for yours. Being forced to lower their emotional energy for the sake of others is the cringy part, except that it usually comes has a slightly severe response. 

It's weird because I knew two friends who were ISTP-ENFP. Strange relationship they had, like they were never really connected for long. One too needy, the other too independant. No satisfaction in this pairing I guess, or very little. I believe a lot of 4's and 6's appear tsundere as well. Btw I don't know about that wall of text... Sub-Zero what??Mmmh it has to be some sentimental thing, definitely Delta vibe so Si-Fi is involved. Fi is in the middle stack...

ISTJ

Wait what? INFJ? The conflictor??? How could I be so wrong?Obvious Se Polr as she's not as attractive as you make her sound to be. Very hairy, it's like you don't care about society's expectations, so I'd say INTP. But you could be a SJW INFP who would, as an autist would, go against society's norms by choosing a chick who don't care about being hairy and overall seems quite comfortable with her body.

INFPTricky. Obviously she has a lot of Se going on. We don't get to see much expression except for this intense stare. We do get a mean look at some point. Mhmh IxFJ definitely.

I'll go with INFJ. Shoot.What do ESTPs do all day? I mean **seriously**!

What's up with ESTPs? You see them once or twice a week and the rest of the time, they're just out there somewhere in the wild. Do you plan on visiting a few people, like 4 friends a day or do you just go to the same places or maybe you're just wondering around? There's so much mystery in your agendas, it's so intriguing and discouraging because I have zero clue how to get a hold of you guys.Steal a soul for a second chance but you'll never become a man.You're the one who wants to be typed, so in a way you want to be humanized or to become a man. Also those are lyrics. Why did it take so much time to evolve? Why did it take so little time to evolve?What came first, the chicken or the egg?If you had to pick between individualism and collectivism, which one would you choose though and why?Sure, just give me a week to write my 12 pages essay.Yes but one can come first and the second can become more imporant than the other, for example.It's philo, it's all pov. So sure.If you take into consideration how heavily charge dna is, you can see that all possibilities are already inside of the individual. The idea that the egg or the chicken may have come first becomes unimportant since it looses itself in hundred million years of evolution. 

The rat or whatever was our ancestor probably started as a loner and then became attached to his group for survival. But there is no reason why this wouldn't change in time.
Now you start looking at the absolute uncertainty that you can't be sure of anything. We're a collective alright but a pretty disfunctional one as it seems. 

What is inside one man's desire, truly? His need for independance or his need to belong? Does the artist paint to expresd himself or to be recognized by his peers?

Both yes sure. But if there is a single point, like pie or whatever. A center inside of the man. On which side is that standing?Okay I think this is stagnant, I admire Elon Musk because he wants to accelerate how fast the world moves.

Now if you look at ISFJs in general, I don't think they give a shit. They'll follow Musk because he'll protect the evironnement with Tesla and give hope to the humanity by sending peeps on Mars.

The paper is thick. Hard to see that what the entj really wants is a melody and not a single note repeating itself.

So it's not 2 types opposing themselves, it's one type that can't stand what the other is standing for.

INFPs sjw fight for a correction of morals and social norms but most people are fine. Even they enjoy japanese rape porn that doesn't mean they're going to randomly rape people in the streets.

What they're really against is the lack of value and violence. Which somewhat defines the estp as an individual.

Maybe we built society so that we could fight it instead of fighting each others. 

Okay I went too far that was too deep.If they are incarcerated it means they did something wrong. An ISTJ wouldn't weight the pros and cons and look for progress where there is no ambiguity in the crime. 

You're trying to see shades where they wouldn't, in short.

Why did you remove your comment?? I had a point there oO you're making it harder for me!And what are you?

Well doesn't matter. Why do you think I'm not I'm not an ENTJ? Third time hey, I'll give you some attention...Is that why you think I'm not an ENTJ?Alright you spoke your mind. Hopefully you won't need to intervene anymore after this. 😀 I hope you feel like you put me in my place.This is /MBTI, I'm just interested in what people have to say on the matter. There is no absolute answers based on type, it's all variables but...

For example, I'm sure that deep inside every ENTJS there is a little Ayn Rend sleeping who'd see society as a tool for the expression of the self. There is a lot of what ENTJs do and say that doesn't reflect their, well maybe not their "true motives" but the source of their inspirations.

Our nature is complexe to say the least and I don't believe the conscious mind is responsible for our motivations. Duality is everything, the split in ourselves, our attraction to certain types of people or our dreams and goals. So many divisions that may last only for a moment. Why do we stop loving the people we love? Is it because we change? Or are we simply programmed this way? Why would an infj love the same person for so long? Is because they are the closest to their unconscious heart?

This last question is just for you but really this thematic can englobe most questions.

So many questions I have no intentions of sharing on this subreddit filled with 16 years old. But still, the fact that I'm putting this thought out there is enough to make me think since I'm an extrovert and I need an outside stimulations. 

So I'm starting a post based on which to me seems to be a good center to it all, "individualism or collectivism?"

Seems like it's too much to handle for teenagers... And I thought the age was perfect for existencial crisis. ;/

If I want an objective answer I can make one myself or post on /eli5 or even google it. Tbh I don't understand why people would even think they're doing me a favour by taking things as face value but then again, I'm not a feeler.It's just a pov, it's not my opinion.What type am I?Stop projecting yourself into me. You're seeing things that are simply not there. Your opinion of me is based on the assumption that my words on this forum form a picture of me as an individual and a map of my mind. It's not. I never share my thoughts here, ever. I only use this account out of boredom or curiosity.

There is nothing and I insist, absolutely nothing that this forum would intellectually enrich in me that I can't do on my own. It's a big wall for me to throw a ball on.

Now there is something that you need to understand about our dynamic. You bore me to death and I don't want to engage with you. You think I'm butthurt or trying to fit into some kind of role? Mate it's the exact opposite. The last thing I wanna do is chat with you.

And that should be okay. Can't it be okay? That I would do my thing while you're doing yours? Or do you have an ego problem that has to be somehow filtered through me. I really don't understand you to be honest, what do you hope to accomplish? You don't have to answer, it's a rethorical question.Thanks.Why ISFP?Fair enough3 hours ago you wrote you were torn between ENTP and ENFP and now you're going to educate me over my type. I'm not convinced weirdly enough. lolShit sorry erh... So how is your business doing anyways? Fine I'll remove the post oOHey since we're good friends now. Do you not have anything to say about the topic? Why everytime I write something it has to turn around me? I mean it's not like I'm trying to be a productive element on these forums but I'm genuinely wondering why somehow this shift happens. It's like I write one sentence and then there's like a huge reaction all targeted towards me. I honestly don't get it. &gt; I think the question sounded a little too "Intro to Philosophy - ish" for some of the types.

Ho I didn't think about it like that. I keep forgetting context matters. I guess I'm not made for forums in the end. I can't wrap my mind around how you're supposed to make a post without putting hours into them. It's kinda silly to spend so much time when all you really want is a pespective on a simple question. I don't know. 

This is too childish for me, not being able to make a single step without people questioning you. It's supposed to be a world of ideas and not some kind of reality show. Why does it matter so much who asks the question? Shouldn't the focus be on the question? I'll never get used to ths thing I would personally call "immaturity". 

I think I'm done with this account to be honest, thanks for being a friend until the end. I think I used the 16types source. Meh same thing really. :pHolding these charts as sacred is kind of retarded.

My 8w7 ISTP brother respects the wishes and needs of his group, I'd call him lawful good in that sense because it's unbiased. When he's on his bike he doesn't give a shit about anything or anyone and I'd even have to add, barrely for himself. Only the road matters. So in that sense, he's a dangerous true neutral. A few years when he was depressed he told me he wanted to throw a grenade in a crowd because he'd fun, this weird idea looped in his head for a time actually. Back then he was an obvious chaotic neutral delinquent.

The only conclusive pattern here is neutral really.

My 8w9 ISTP friend however is probably the only person in the world who can instantely make me feel guilty. Because for one he is incredibly consistent with his moral composure and he always attacks me from a logical perspective which makes his witness hard if not impossible, to question.

He'd never impose his views on anyone as he accepts them has they come. Obviously a very magnanimous neutral good 8. 

Again neutral is the only consistency that I could easily see switch to lawful had he been a cop or in any similar position of authority.

Burn the charts and labels or prepare some aspirin for this one!Some say you're attracted to what you wish you were. They have qualities you subconsciously recognize as something you lack in yourself and crushing ensures. The fact that you might be attracted to totally different kind of people might reflect that as we change and (hopefully) evolve through life.

the Anima/Animus aspect certainly plays a large role in it. Personally I find STPs more attractive when I go through states of passive period (we're talking years) and Feelers when I'm more assertive. 

ENFJs are your Benefactors which should create an attraction, especially so if you're imbalanced as these realtionships are inequally perceived by both players. If you're in a more submissive state, I guess they'd look like they are some kind of super hero saviors to you.

Then there's the [Imago](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imago_therapy).ENFJs scare the shit out of me, they're like some kind of zombie herd masters. They can negatively influence people's opinion about you or they can keep you around and literally turn you into some kind of slave for life. Terrifying.

They're not my nemesis as in "opponents" though, more like a problem I try to avoid at all cost. So RE3 sort of Nemesis I guess.That's misleading, bad bot.4 for the Ne subtype and a solid 7 for the Fi subtype.

However the ENFP chicks I've met were always very pleasant to have around. They didn't do that super annoying thing where they randomly start singing a whole album in the middle of a dinner. I guess they're less selfish, more attentive to other people without being in their face all of the time. 

I don't know. Last ENFP-Fi chick I met was only a 2 on the scale of annoyance which is pretty good as far as I'm concerned. Would have dated ~~had she been pretty~~.I guess they would represent a problem for introverts. ESTJs want to be of help and ESTPs want you in their life xD.I have to agree, I have a very hard time entering any new form of thematics. It's like I feel lost without proper fundations and all I do is really try to see patterns for a while before I can feel comfortable and mentally relax. Which is weird because I'm basically trying to understand things from all possible angles but really I'm completely clueless to what I'm looking at, often for a while... and usually feeling retarded.I would strongly suggest to stay away from INFJ's typing as a general rule as they favour their first instinct followed by the fact that their cognitive functions is pretty good at justifying both the concrete and the abstract. Hence the term "idealist". Smart but unrelliably so. 

You have a very linear way of expression yourself. That is enough to see the obvious fact that you are an STJ.Yeah no, they just need to take the time to go through with the process which really is just another quesitonnaire except this one is the right one. Asking for opinions is just a matter of filling statistics, it's not conclusive. It's like asking deaf man to describe mozart's last symphony. It might sound like it to your charitable heart, but it's really not.Do you enter an exam believing you're going to get 100 out 100? I certainly never have.&gt; Normally he or she is mobilized. When the work is done, finds it hard to relax without a ritual (say, “we-did-it!” party) or help of the others

Hey I like to party!!! That's so me!!

I think I prefer my format. Cool site though.

It's recognized worldwide through various arts but no I don't have a stamped paper approved by Trump.ISFP 9Mh could be yeah. At least ISFx 9 for sure.They probably don't ever change friends though.I think they'd keep in touch with however is really important to them. Maybe you are an ISTP... 

There's one I find very hard to confuse and it is Static vs Dynamic because it's the most obvious thing in the world. If you just listen to people and focus on finding this main difference it should be fairly easy to spot. 

If you are sure that you percieve the world statically then there should be no mistake. It's not possible to get it wrong if you really understand where the difference stands. But I do believe as a general rule that this key difference is less obvious to people who have a static mind. 

People who have a static mind react to what is thrown at them immediately and often before the sentence is even finish, not because they are faster but because they jump to conclusion based on less informations. Dynamic people on the other need more time as they seek to find a connection between two ideas. They see the link between ideas or information values, where static sees something within the idea.

People who generally don't understand where I'm coming from are usually static. Dynamic people on the other don't really have that problem. Doesn't mean they "get me" rather that they won't suffer from the same sort confusion as i'm looking intensively at the link between things and a static person wouldn't necessarily understand that.

If I continuously try to redirect the conversation and nothing changes in mental stance of the person I'm talking to then I usually type them as static and I'm usually right. It's truly one of the easiest way to type people.I'm willing to believe you are an INFJ but a unhealthy one I suspect. Disintegrating into a four made you static, which really shouldn't be. You often feel the need to justify yourself, like a school director randomly entering classes to yell at the students for shaming their establishement. Which on itself is not a bad thing, but it gives us an idea of your health level. 

You went full 4, never go full 4. It basically means your brain is under some kind of drug. It's scary really... And these kind of tests show us exactly why. 

[https://i.imgur.com/rEazeYS.png](check yourself before you wreck yourself.) Going in and out of the unhealthy zone is a really bad thing. That door should be closed for good. Stay in 4 5 6 all you want but one should stay out of this evil pit. Tactical and strategic are purely objective attitudes of the external, while static and dynamic are entirely subjective to one own processing experience.Yes and no. It shouldn't be but if you have some form of neuroticism then it's very possible. I consider myself a negativist nowdays but I know what my best or "true" self is like. I'm actually a very positive person in general, contagiously so I'd add. Long prolonged extroversion will bring me back to that state.

Objectively looking at yourself is hard because we're ever changing creatures. But if you know the individual you are when free from everyday bullshits, your simple self if you want, then you should type that guy over others.

Kinda reminds me of that quote by Thomas Sowell although it's not strictly related, "Nobody is equal to anybody. Even the same man is not equal to himself on different days.” 
But you can only find a greater use of your mind through the proper cognitive activity that are linked to your individuality. Forcing it into an unhealthy state is not going to allow you to accomplish whatever goals you made for yourself. It is not as restrictive as it may sound, it only implies a necessity to review information through its proper course. 

Frustrations leading to inner violence are not necessary to ones growth, they are only born out of fear. Fear is a positive trait, its immersion is not. Why are you here? I don't see the point of you lurking here if you don't see any worth in typology as a mean for self improvement. You're not a people kind of person either, you're barrely an """INFJ""" in that matter, you're not a meme infj is what I mean.

You might enjoy the puzzle but there are limitations to what we can do. A quick look at Dario's neuroscience of personality and some actual perspective will make that very clear. Or in other words, you're not convincing enough, not in this day and age.

So is it all meant to validate yourself? Validate your way of life? Toughing it up a little more every day? Picking fights with random people and counting your victories?Sure thing budy!

https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/deterministic

https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/Genesis

https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/Stochastic

https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/HolographicIt's kinda funny but you can see why people in a Super Ego relation would find each other fasinating. 

ENTP: Logic of isomorphism, analogies, transfer of structures from one area to another. Lets denote this logic function with sign of identity: =

ESFP: The logic of co-subordination. It carries over the equivalence of two objects: if A, then B, and vice versa. Lets denote this logic function with arrow pointing both ways: &lt;-&gt;

Kinda sounds like the same thing doesn't it? Except it's reversed. Most obvious for ISTPxINFP.

&gt; It's kinda funny but you can see why people in a Super Ego relation would find each other fasinating.
&gt; ENTP: Logic of isomorphism, analogies, transfer of structures from one area to another. Lets denote this logic function with sign of identity: =
&gt; ESFP: The logic of co-subordination. It carries over the equivalence of two objects: if A, then B, and vice versa. Lets denote this logic function with arrow pointing both ways: &lt;-&gt;
&gt; Kinda sounds like the same thing doesn't it? Except it's reversed. Most obvious for ISTPxINFP.

Everything in socionics relate to everything. These 4 classes don't really matter though. 

Look at the INFP description and the ISTJ one. They are duals, meant to complete each others. These 2 simple explanations tell you exactly why and how. Nvm I mixed those two. What's your type and do you relate to the definition?&lt; do they relate to each other in any way?

No&gt;'Holograph' originates from the Ancient Greek words holos "entire, whole" and grapho "write". This name is derived from the Holographist's ability to densely pack information via method of 'like to, similar' analogy. Sociotypes possessing this form are SLE, LII, IEE, ESI (ESTp, INTj, ENFp, ISFj, respectively)

&gt; As Statics, Holographers attain reliable precision of thought. As Negativists they periodically turn the object of thought to its opposite side. As Involutionary types, they sporadically change the angle of examination or criterion of judgment.

Involutionary types are result types, the ENFP is one of them.

You have an hologram like in Star Wars expect transparent that represent your logic and you turn it around to look at it from different angles which means that point that shouldn't touch in other people, do touch as your inner map is very easily perceived even when you shake it around, you'll see make a connection. 

&gt; Logic of anti-intergration. Dysfunctionality

Basically your logic refuses to put 2+2 together (Ideas that should be linked together are not), for the sake of varied explorative perspectives. 

I agree the definition for the ENFP is not very detailed but those are not my words. God. You get one answer but I'm not doing this all day.

&gt; At a distance these relations can be quite pleasant and friendly accompanied by an interesting exchange of views... ...Partners are forced to try to readjust to one another, to constantly seek common ground, but the balance in these relations is achieved only for a short period of time.

There is an easy link you can between all these types:

INFP - ISTP

INTP - ISFP

ISFJ - INTJ

INFJ - ISTJ

ENTp - ESFp 

ENFp - ESTp 

ENTj - ESFj 

ENFj - ESTj 

The way their mind works is basically like two parts of the same piece. If you look at the symbols associated with those types, you'll see a very clear link. For exemple, ENTP and ESFP ( = ; &lt;-&gt; ) as you can see one is the equal sign and the other links two sides. The equal sign is meant to link two sides, two sides that are meant to be the same, are represented by an equal sign...

Already we can imagine some sort of link between these 2 but wait!

&gt; ENTP: Logic of isomorphism, analogies, transfer of structures from one area to another.

&gt; ESFP: The logic of co-subordination. It carries over the equivalence of two objects: if A, then B, and vice versa.

They do sound alike but not quite! "Transfer of structures from one area to another" and "carries equivalence of two objects". No wonder they find each other quite pleasant and friendly while exchanging interesting views. It might sound like "my dog is like my wife, she's huh loyal and fun!" for the ESFP, while the ENTP would say something nerdy like "the inner workings the app I'm working on is basically the same as my minecraft railway I did 2 years ago".

Two ideas are being compared and to someone who has no idea of what's happening it might sound like the same language is being used but at the same time it's really not because the methodology, while looking like the same thing uses completely different means to come to its conclusions.

That is why, "Partners are forced to try to readjust to one another, to constantly seek common ground, but the balance in these relations is achieved only for a short period of time."

You can basically see the same kind of dynamic between all and every super ego-ers. Probably ENFP. An ENTP would have added annoying Ti elements forcing me to do extra thinking.If you've been into typology for some time you probably understand more than you realize.The other side of Ti is Te, an element you reject. Your comfortable excercing your logic but in one of the most subjective way there is. You reject facts and the natural flow of logic to follow your own. Consequences are that you lack the ability to see where external objective empirical scenarios end.


Sure the wording is a little fancy but those descriptions are just endless synonyms of the same ideas. People complain about socionics being needlessly over detailed fail to realize that it's only the same ideas presented in different ways.

This is the end game though. The source of everything. I understand it's hard to digest as we think of logic as some kind of uunalterable channel that exists outside our dimension of influence, debat it all you want, but it's simply not true when it comes to human logic. We divided 4 main directions of logic that we then divided again by 4 to get 16 of them. Logic is not stable inside of our individual minds.

This is precisly how and anything you read about a certain type is derived from these principles. Since we're a collective we're able to understand each others logic but on  our own we only have a piece ca... pie. Some pieces are bigger than others though, others only have the chocolate and no strawberries.Organizing tasks is more of a Te (-) which is the way Deltas use Te. Gammas use Te (+) which is more self serving.

Mh are you sure of your type? A good example of INFJ logic  pushed to the autistic borders has to be Iqh. Bless him, but he cannot ever bounce over what I imply. He takes one word and completely turn the meaning of my sentence into something, appearingly to me, completely random.

Betas have Ti (+) which means everything they logically perceive is charged in bias, it is heavily filtered. Add to that a Te blindspot and you get someone who has a very hard time dealing with common sense. Unless taught otherwise of course. Humility will always make the difference.My current philosophy is opposed:

"Everything is going to catastrophically fail, unless..."

Keeps me busy and alert but at the same time it allows me to navigate the world in the way I compulsively need to. It's pointless for me to try and become some kind of linear productive God so I compromise with myself with this self regulating mentality. 

I continually test everything and I try to stop taking chances or follow quick opportunities. I accept a fair amount of negativity for the sake of avoiding catastrophies. I approach all my wishes by accepting that I'm not going to reach them, unless, unless, unless...

I learn and find dissatisfaction in the way I do, so I try something else. But at the same time I don't give up because that might be catastrophic, rather I wait for better alternatives. My mind then finds things that could fit into the possibility of it working and I test them and then I test some more.

I see inferior Fi has some kind of old motor engine that could shut down at any time for reasons unknown that I couldn't possibly forsee or even understand, unless...I used to have a very different philosophy though. I could always see an alternative to potentially bad situations so I'd take chances thinking that I'd always have a backup plan. Comfort was the enemy but it's not always easy to find yourself a clear goal on which you can truly devote yourself. Small but numerous steps were the key. (were? pfff as if)

Maybe you could change your mentality if you wanted to. Mindfulness around your wishes and fear would help. Scare yourself, tease yourself, don't give yourself anything but a taste, reject comfort so that you would always seek its absence.

Mmmhh or maybe what you need to do the exact opposite. Indulge and get used to a standard of living that is far higher than what you can "afford". Get a nice routine of luxuaries: expensive cigars, a beautiful girlfriend, a steady group of friends. After that, a nice hot chocolate while watching your favourite show will feel like childish activities that you have no interest in. When you could get a blowjob while smoking a cigar after a night of lan party or w/e, with a pleasant group of people.You're basically satisfying your biological needs as they come. However you want to feel angry again, new emotions hey? Sounds to me like you're in need of competition, I'm sure the Big Five would agree. I wish I was more competitive, it does feel good to smash the opponent. But I'm definitely more interested in the "how to" rather than actually doing it.How anyone couldn't see him as an ENFP is beyond me.I didI don't have an opinion. The fact that you don't relate to the infj description could very well be a sign that you are one ironically.

Like I said socionics repeat itself constantly, you might find other socionics materials you could relate to.That's the problem of any mbti tests, they're all incredibly subjective...Yeshttp://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/67-Defining-Specialized-Logical-Functions-by-V-Gulenko

IEI

Take the first letter which here is "I" standing for intuition, take the last one which determin the attitude of this one, in this case "I" standing for introverted of intratim or even integrator and you get Introverted Intuition which is Ni for short. Then look at the second letter to know the auxilary, here it is "E" standing for Ethical or the F function/element. Since the first element is introverted the second one has to be extroverted. Together forming Intuitive-Ethical Intratim or INFp and INFP in MBTI.

Btw I was answering this question

&gt; Also, did you correct for Socionics' J/P switch for introverts?

I think those laughs were just a polite Fe thing. Remarkably insightful. That's one way of looking at it but it's a little too black and white for my taste. The demonstrative function is not all that bad, let's take a movie for example, "Dead Poets Society" with Robin Williams. In that movie Robbie "manipulate" his students for the sake of his evil Fi, right? Is it a bad thing? All he is really trying to do, is to teach other people the essence of pottery. He pretty much did exactly like you said, manipulated his students and corning them to see things like he did for the sake of Fi, whatever that means right? Fi is a social function, it values authenticy because authencity is truth and Truth is not subjective. So really he helped them finding themselves or finding their own Fi. He didn't try to clone himself into his students, like a virus would. He used a method which is based on rectification, which really is the basic idea of the demonstrative function. 

Here I'm using my demonstrative Ne to bring you to see things like I do. Am I fake for doing so? It might sound like it to you because you're a Ti type and all you wanna is find endless angles to look at things, which is something I understand myself although I do not value these angles like you do. There is one objective truth and it is capable of derivations, or reshaping itself. But if you find negativity in something, objectivity demands that you also see the positive in it. Angles are only angles at the end of the day, they help have a fuller idea of something but at the end of the day, that something has a fixed base to which it is attached and will/should come back to it.

Demonstrative functions correct for the sake of the creative function. It is valued in that sense. You use Te to bring an angle and that's fine, that's what your type does, it doesn't make you fake. Yes you're correct, it seems my mental energy ran low by the end of this comment.

Did it serve any purpose so far?&gt; I find that your OP makes little sense for the introverted types, unless I invert the j/p in which case it fits with my understanding of MBTI functions much better (if I squint a little).

It's kind of natural for me to look at people's thought process in that way, I can assure you it works just like that. (If my witness holds any value that is)

&gt; Assuming that we're taking them as socionics types then (where INFj=Fi-Ne), I find it more descriptive than enlightening - and inaccurate even then, as if it's only seen from the outside. It doesn't really explain why any given type's logic is the way it is, or how their thought process works for them. So it doesn't help me understand others or myself. 

Sigh :D You're asking a lot from me. Tell you what, pick a type and I'll try to create bridges and detail it as much as I can. 

A study group? A chess club? An irrational hate for a neighbour? There are always ways to challenge yourself.

I'm a big believer that there is a time for everything and all you really have to do is understand what you're supposed to do on the present moment/period. Subtypes are not stable, instinctual variantes are not stable, even enneagrams are not really stable. If you feel like there is something you should do, then do it. It's only going to be a short period of your life anyway. 

Exploring, learning, experiencing and understanding, blabla, the inner seasons of ourselves or whatever, need to be properly addressed and not half assed. Compete, truly push yourself and only then will you be able to move on to the next thing. That's what I believe anyways. 

Maybe you feel the need to compete only to become someone who does. Maybe there's another step after that one, hard to tell without being there though. 

Mmmhh pffz... I don't even know what those words mean... "Calling", "purpose", a word has no meaning until it is given a 100 different definitions and I'm very far from that number. 

Imo that's a very wrong way of looking at things, espcially for NT types. Minds work like alchemy, it's all a trade or a sacrifice of one thing for the sake of another. If you ever find something you'd call a calling, it would entirely be by accident. What I'm saying though, is that there is an order to this wheel. If you wanna be this, you'll need to do that first.

In the end a calling is nothing but an abstraction while being is not. An ideal is not going to solve feelings depression. While being is always going to beat the abstract thought. Unless a syndrome is blocking the way of course. Which means more steps to take but eventually the wheel turns. 

You say "temporary fascination striking a cord with X", I say there is always the next one and the next and so on.ESI, ISFj (Dreiser)

The perception of his dual can be characterized as following: "the inconstancy itself", "windbag", "womanizer", "lover of extreme situations", "consummate extremalist". ESI often prioritizes partners who are more promising of stability and calm way of life, as well as those who dedicate more consideration to questions of ethics and moral behavior. Often ESI ends up pairing up with LSI, ESE, EIE, and **LII**.

Makes sense... 

With that I rest my case, Eliot from Mr Robot is an INTP.
I suggest you read these two {[1](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/50366-dario-nardis-neuroscience-personality-6.html#post1817451),[2](http://savipra.com/post/69436625479/dario-nardis-neuroscience-of-personality)} side by side to get an idea of your actual strengths.

You have strong Purposeful Futurist, Abstract Impressionist, Visual Engineer.

You have a strong sense about people, you know who they are and where they're heading to.

Hmpf the INFJ meme of being able to forsee the future like some kind of oracle is actually stolen from the ISFP. Just like the French stole the ""French"" fries or the quiche or even the baguettes.

INFJ look at things from a very odd angles which makes them quite the creative thinkers. Making assumptions where nobody else would, blabla that kind of thing. But it's all Ti thinking at the end of the day.

Visual Engineer is very OP I have to say, and even better with grounded believer, that cross contextual lazer pewpew + purposeful futurist pew!

&gt; ISFPs are attentive when others withhold information (like social feedback). 

You'e basically the cool Spy archetype. The point of life is to experience it before you die. That's the only thing you should be certain of. 

Of course we want the best and avoid the worst. We watch scary movies so we can feel scared but walking in the woods during the night? Fuck that. In the end we just sit comfortably and then our minds start to wonder about these big questions. But it shouldn't be, it's artificial. 

Don't you wanna explore everything there is to experience before you die? -There's nothing else to explore? How would you know? Your experience depends on your mental state. The same boring thing can be an amazing experience under the right conditions. That's another certainty.

Then really, all you have to do is change your mind so that you can experience things properly. Which is challenging and interminable. Mh it might conveniently take you a life time to experience all of it. Then you want to explore, that's also an experience. Everything is.Si, I wish I was an ISTJ chef. Slow cooking an entrée for an hour then eating only half of it and feeling satisfied and serene. 

Instead I'm eating doritos for dinner.Why do you block yourself on a terminology? :D

If you want to do something for others and it brings you fulfillment then it's what you should experienced.Yeah I get that, but you're not a mathematical formula. 

You're an Alpha, your Fe wants you to minimize negative emotions and your Si basically wants you to sit by a tree and never move. You don't want to experience the unpleasant probably more than any other type. You're justify yourself with abstract ideals that lead absolutely nowhere.

You're speaking about big ideas when you're a slave to your humanity. If discomfort is not an option then you might as well accept bordedom as a life time norm. You're imagining that there are no other alternatives just because you don't *feel* like trying them. 

I see introverted Alphas like that all the time. Can't talk with them because they have The answer to everything that is thrown out them when they are easily the most clueless of all. They arrive on this earth clueless and then they learn a system by remaining as far away from the actual thing as possible and then they reach a point where they decide that they "know", they get it.

An ISFJ 9 who can't take a single step into doing something positive for herselves and others. Stuck in her sloth, perpetually justifying herself that there is no other way when a 8 year old child could tell her wtf is wrong with her head.

An INTP who wishes he had a rival but can't forsee the simple fact that competition by essence requires to go through the unpleasant. Competitors forge themselves by accepting negativity, they thrive on it, they live for it and because of it. They made their own circle, just like you clearly made yours. 

Sorry if I sound butthurt, I'm not. I just want to end the circle of endless questioning on a note I personally find conclusive.Mh yeah, Se is more about how fast you percieve informations. Se types are very fast thinkers because they pretty much instantly access and judge their views and opinions on a subject and since they are fast perceivers, sensory informations easily reach them as well. Ni subconsciously explores and Se consciously goes straight to the point, it's most obvious when you look at how fast ESFPs are with calculus. Therefore it's also focus, not even alertness but simply the ability to very much focus on what is happening and quickly deduct in pair with whatever functions they're using, fast understanding ensures practicality and creative reactions.

It's like that thing I was reading yesterday. 

&gt; INFPs can deeply listen for up to 10 minutes at a time, ISFPs listen briefly and then move to action.

That's the irony here. The ISFP doesn't stop listening because he can't focus anymore but because he has already made his mind. The point was reached and he knows what he has to do from there, the INFP on the other hand is still exploring where an idea fits. If you keep talking about random things to an ISFP, they'll be confused because they won't see links between ideas that are very clearly defined into their minds. If that makes sense.

The ESFP logic is not that complicated though. I think it's pretty much what we can read here. 

&gt; ESFP: The logic of co-subordination. It carries over the equivalence of two objects: if A, then B, and vice versa. Lets denote this logic function with arrow pointing both ways: &lt;-&gt;

Co-subordination implies that it's the whole context that is being compared and not just an idea. 

It doesn't work like a Ti deduction thought process though. The logic is not followed to arrive at a finality of thought structure. It's rather that everything is being gathered together until it can be compared to a similar valued understanding. That's Te over Ti, there is no appreciation for logic, point is to know or to "get it" but not to understand in depth.

ESFP can be very chatty for example, more than any other type because they have this flexibility that will always find something to talk about because everything is being put (or forced) together to fit into a specific interpersonal scenario. It's the "It reminds me of that time" factor. ESFP are people who can adapt to anyone, they are perfect to serve as a link between other people or a person and a business. Not because they'll connect the two together but because they'll be connected themselves to the two individually to play the ambassador. 

The auxiliary function is always easy to use, it's something you wanna apply to everything but once it's done, you don't see the point in doing it again if there wasn't any changes since the last time you applied it, so they like to go from people to people like INFJ do. Auxiliary Fi means they are very good at connecting to people, personally. The INFJ will relate to others but the ESFP will relate people to himself. At the same time they don't feel like they have to do it and Fi (-) will avoid negative relationships to focus on what can be done with the positive ones.I feel you mate[that's level 3.](https://imgur.com/a/6lYKy)You don't have to understand that's the beauty of it.Targeted consumerism, efficiency in your work place, social life, dating life. Goals and expectations. Avoiding bad investements. Blabla

I doubt it's going anywhere. We'll indirectly see so much of it that it's going to be a real poison. People will copy and uniformize... Yeah... And eventually jobs based on types.What does authenticity mean?Individuation.I don't think I'll ever understand this word.Being high in Openness means you're willing to take into consideration outside factors and make something new out of what necessity. Creativity is the ability to compromise first and foremost.

Hard lesson for an E1 to learn, I can conceive that. :DStuck on a word again? Damn Ti types... It's how you bypass an obstacle, the compromise is with yourself. A compromise is not the same as giving in, duh. 
Nice Ni there champ'. Hopefully you're not mistaking it for a manifestation of a T function.Mind goes all over the place, not enough internal structure. Need people to keep me sane. Too much thoughts, brain hurts.INFP

It's a very P reasoning. It also jumps from one idea to another without much depth, very Ne. It all turns around humane concerns, very Fi.Your story probably won't make any sense typology-wise. I would recommand you to rather focus on the everything else...

You could follow caricatural manga-esque models. Since they rarely ever vary, it brings a certain stability which averts needless confusions.I've been thinking about how to get someone like you or your type at least to seek change. So far the best goes like this...

You are basically the same as an INTJ. Quasi identical share basic externally narative similarities. Just like an ENTP try to do the same thing as an ENTJ would from an "uneducated" outside perspective. Sorry when something doesn't work you go back to the source and start over... that's the best I got...

So anyways. An INTJ is driven by Fi and as long as they love what they do, they'll keep on going. The INTJ logic pattern is simple, it always turns around values and always goes to back to it despite how far it can stretch. It's a reconstruction, basically. It starts from the view point, goes all the way back to the source. It's an extremely simplistic way of looking at it, but it's still a valid angle.

And it is most valid when it comes to the similiarity shared by both of your types. I've described the mind of the INTP once as a diamond shaped diagram. It goes from a claim to a fast linear expansion and then goes back to the point. Now... the reconstruction is based around Si just like INTJ's reconstruction is based on Fi.

So if something has to change it has to come from Si. Okay okay... ~~I'm not sure where I'm going with this yet.~~

So Si is or so I heard, something that has to do with body experiences. You cannot find a rational way to motivate yourself to compete. It would be absurd to invoke some Fi element and Fe in a way, is the goal. It's not by pointing at the end game that we're going to find steps to get there. Again it has to come from Si. But it's not happening. Something is blocking you.

Well the obstacle can only be Ne. If you don't apply Ne then Ti-Si take over. If Ne-Fe doesn't work, it means there is a need for well, not a reset but a let go. Okay this is obviously the grip we heard so much about.

But it basically works like this. You can't Si properly if you excerce too much Ne. A good way of looking at it would be through subtypes, you're too much INTP-Ne and you now need to revert back to a more INTP-Ti to correct your over extention. If you focus on Ti-Si it really means that you focus on a line or Ti-Te and Si-Se. It's an opening for novelty where your actual self is too focused on Ni-Ne and Fi-Fe. 

I guess it makes sense, if you can't see a way of doing something that applies that box your actual Ne won't allow it. Ne is like a logic box, you shoot paint all over its walls with Ti-Si until it is completely covered without any holes or "flaws". Problem is that you can't see new possibilities or new boxes if you stay inside this one.

Technically I guess well huh... INTP-Ti...

&gt; well-versed in systems, schemes, classifications and structures. Identifies the main components and cuts off anything that is of secondary nature... ...Distrustful of new ideas until he can check them for himself... Blabla

Ho yeah there it is.

&gt; In the interests of his work can ignore his convenience and comfort. 

Ignore comfort, beautiful. That's how you move your ass, stop over Ne-ing things. Ne is constantly creating linked between things you already know, you can't know what you don't know yet and you certainly cannot rationalize them if you live by an overdoze of it. *Pull apple out of his pocket*

"Yeah..."

*Crunch*

"I know..."

I'll tell you what mobilizing Se really is. It's seeing something as possible. If it can be done, if can be made to, then the ENxJ's mind is set on finding how to make it happen. But it cannot occur if Se is filtered by Ni. You can't see new possibilities if you compare everything to something else you already understand. And since we're not so different in our function stacks, it's easy to imagine it working in the same fashion. Or for any type tbh, it's a simple principle.

And the way I know so is because I've experienced it.

Achievement unlocked: La boucle est bouclée.May I know your type? Just a curiosity of mine. What I'm really saying is that typology is extremely complicated while the manga model is not. You can read a few manga and get a decent ideas of type archetypes or you can spent 2 years learning socionics.

You don't have to of course, I'm pretty sure most authors simply use people they know or dynamics they witnessed. A caricatural approach (doesn't have to be manga) to story telling is probably more interesting to a writer who wants to write than a slow comparative process. Lots of ways to learn, pick the one you feel more comfortable and productive with.B-but reading is hard :'(

Fucking ENTPs xD will always make me laugh with their directness...
The real question remains though. Why do mods mark everything as "typing"? Is it incompetence or are they simply not reading what is being posted?The Big Five is only interesting as a self reflecting tool. It's not really good or interesting when it comes to huh... well anything else really. After all, it's an over simplistic system. It's good because it cuts the bullshits into a yes or no facts facing arrangement but that's it.&gt; Doubly Abstract types focus too much on the future (or past, like with INTJs' Ni- "Intuition of the Past"). Due to the lack of focus on the present, they fail to see the the effects in the future of their neglect of the future. In effect, they make the same mistake as the Doubly Involved Club.

OuchThat's funny I didn't remember that part 

&gt; he can with meticulous precision again and again try to recreate the conditions of his first "experiment", in attempts to understand what he had done "wrong". In this sense, the LIE remains true to his very first love. But his faithfulness to one love and one partner the LIE may combine with the search for alternative, episodic partners, "haphazard" companions who become his partners until "the next turn". The permanent partner is the one with whom the LIE builds long-term plans.

Probably because it's a liiiil too close from home! :D

&gt; they don't care about the moment.

That's pretty obvious.[Mmmh](https://media.tenor.com/videos/22b65f1152c02a5be08de7765046b0f9/mp4)&gt; We don't really possess linguistic intelligence.

Speak for yourself, I'm fairly sure ISFPs can learn new languages very easily.  

&gt; It's clear that NTs dominate in science and technology.

Science and technology is a bit vast to impose such a judgement. The guy who tests the level of sugar of a beetroot for each trucks shipping their cargo is not an ENTJ, I can guarantee that. 

&gt; I think STPs can make good Engineers and Architects if they put their minds to it.

Probably... But I'd recommand an ESTP to be a script architect or coder and an ISTP to be a garden architect or landscaper.You're probably stressed because you're overthinking everything. What you need to do is the opposite of what you think you need to do. Chill, pick a thing and do it. 
ENTPs are misunderstood genius. The thing is their theories are not necessarily adapted to the right issue but could very well be perfect for another.

Indeed misunderstood, by themselves. xDFun fact: if you want to share your work and successfully reach a global audience you should seek the feedbacks of the types inside of your ring supervision. If they can understand you from your point of view then everyone can.
 
For you that means INFPs, ESFPs, ISTPs and ENTPs. Son, being the one who typed you, I believe I remember you were studying political science. So I guess this advice should come in handy.

No way I'm watching a video about MBTI 1.1 though.Depends if whether you believe in the holy socionics scriptures or if you're a filthy miscreant. But more than that, it makes heaps of sense. 

Your supervisor sees you as retarded, you see your supervisee as retarded, that's two very meaningful opposites in term of content and form. (Inb4 *retarded* is a hyperbole. Shocking, I know.) Isn't there a saying that goes, "if you can't explain it simply you don't understand it well enough"? Shouldn't you master your art to be convincing? Mastering would imply being able to see its enterity and details alike but also its proper contextual identity. -Who said that btw? I can't remember.

Your supervisee needs you to break down your rhetoric into something more accessible. How do you make sure a thought has been shared properly? You cut it into pieces and you trim the non important parts, you can then expand or change its form based on whatever figure of speech you believe is fitted while keeping in mind that your interlocutor needs you to make a conscient effort into being focused on them and not on your own self designated order of importance. The whole process will make you understandable to the people who don't have your reasoning strenghts, regardless of their type because you will be forced to start your explanation from the very roots of its quality to its full blossoming conclusions.

Your supervisor needs you to prove to him that your claim is valid based on the perspective that you're reasoning is lacking. Despite how perfect you believe your work to be, it is not enough and you need to find out why and how. That is **not** something you can do naturally. It shows a whole area of your comprehension as blank and that matters when it comes to reaching out to every possible types as everyone expect something different when it comes to communication. This excercice will show you, your own blindspot.


Your superego thinks like you but through different means. If two people who share the same interests can breach the barrier of language, like two musicians sharing their art through other means than speech, then you know they've reached something truly valuable.

you guys need to realize the endless potential that can be found in socionics or you'll miss out on **major** life hacks. And so should I tbh... /r/Audreaya what do you think of my blabla?

Ho and I guess your identical type will check if through this transformation, you're still connected to your logic.

&gt; Fun ~~fact~~ ~~opinion~~ fact:

No you, FtfyBasic MBTI stuffLots of INTPs have this claim but imo most of them haven't even approached any ENTJs yet. [Here's a fun article.](https://typevolution.wordpress.com/2016/09/03/extinguishment-relation/)

Surviving this phase requires you to pass through this deluded fantasy and find something more than what meet the eyes.&gt; a decent explaination of supervisor/supervisee relationships 

It's not one, I was explaining the point of making your arguement understandable for them. It's that the only thing you took from this? If so, I'm afraid our communication will remain dull. 

Believe what you will honestly. It's like you just said, I don't want to dilute myself and loose the meaning of my point. I could make things very accessible for everybody but I'd rather seek potential rather than play around. If someone is interested in taking things to the next level, I offer my point of you. If you expect nothing from this but a procrastination tool used as mental masturbation then no, it's not very interesting. 

Et tu peux te faire ank huler aussi cret1 :DMaybe you should try to understand why you're doing these things. It's normal for your type to be meticulous but it's rarely free. Your post proves it, you're already talking about the term of contract by proposing the service to be mutual. On a side note, a duality with an INFP is quite a commitement. To be honest, I'm not sure any of us are ready for that!

I don't think you can activate your inferior function at will or even reach a point where it becomes a daily source of exhaustion. I actually find it quite revitalizing when Fi pops up.

I believe what stresses you could be coming from the need of having a "return". INFPs do things for others but they expect some sort of external support in return, which should be coming from Te. So really the fact that you're feeling so exhausted could mean that you're trying very hard through your dominant function. Like a "I must do this properly!" fi fuel because you unconsciously feel like you have to, to satisfy your Te thirst but unless there is a tangible reason for you to apply yourself so hard it's not probably not neccessary to do so. 

INFPs also have a strong need for controlling others who are entittled to them and that need has to be deserved which should push you into trying harder. But if you don't have the possibility to be demanding of others, then again, same problem. Your actions are looping because they bring no results which makes you try harder and so on. 

So in a way I guess we're coming back to your post or more precisely the last line. A duality is probably what you need. 
Are you an ESTJ?Mmmhh 😊 this just reminded me of how cute you guys can get. Support from Te would be the whys and how to's. But look if you want a dose of Te juice you should ask for it. ALWAYS ask.

You're not going to be annoying for asking questions, ever. Well we're still human but even if it looks like we get tired of it, it's probably not that big of a deal. The questions you might ask to a Te dom will most likely be commun sense to us, so it's not really draining. Or we might not know but if it matters we'll definitely look it up for you.

Only tertiary T sometimes gets annoying because it's always irrelevant none sense. And of course it has to be served with a cocky attitude, as if I could compete against Michael Jordan with my tertiary Se. Sooo annoying.

Anyways... Ask.&gt; ISFPs are "Loyalty."

lolPix of what you find attractive plxProbably the Normalizer subtype. I was serious.


&gt; The individual is able to turn his attention to longer-term implications and personal imagination but only for brief periods; 

Add to that the I know better subtype and yeah...&gt; I have this feeling that Nietzche may have been aiming to create a sort qualifier for what makes you "you", like a handbook that applies to everyone, but unintentionally hit a layer above the most "naturally driven intention" and instead described the attitude of someone leading with Ni. Like he didn't hit at the core- he's trying to give lessons to people whose goals don't align.

Huh didn't I say that like 6 months ago? Classic reddit. I don't trust people's judgement either but I still value listening to them. In a sense, Te is corrective, so listening to something wrong is not going to "corrupt" your data or contaminate your understanding if you want. Often I listen to people with the dual views/goals of looking for structure and to spot what needs to be improved. For you it might actually be easier since you're naturally a preservationist.

People (usually ISTJs) sometimes play on my "naivety" by making me believe retarded things. I often don't have a landmark on societal expectations so I always fall into it. Like I don't know, yeah they totally sell pizza's mcdonalds or whatever... Still It'll eventually hit me that it's retarded and makes little sense. Inferior doesn't make it flawed and wrong Te is (most likely) not the thing that is going to ruin your life.

If I want to learn something I always look for quantity instead of quality. Listen to 10 speeches by 10 different people and you'll understand more than witnessing a famous speech by freaking Martin Lutherking or whoever. I don't think inferior Te is that bad to be honest, it's mostly cute and yes I was talking about tiny clumsy inferior Te being cute xD Fi is alright I guess when it's not dictating how I should live my life 10 times a day. I'm probably biased xD but I've always seen him as one of my peeps. He's relatable in many ways, he always reminded me of like an exxxtremely bored version of myself.

Of course it's easier to see him as a EP since he's very much the impulsive guy, seemingly always jumping from one thing to the next. But what I see in him is his obstination, his determination to do the thing he decided that he was gonna do and everything becomes a quest to get that goal. And really to me that's the definition of fun, at the end of the day if there's one thing that makes me enjoy the present it is the selfish quest of making *something* happen.Then why not seek a creative ESTp? They are less domineering for sure. It's only natural to be attracted to certain types, people unconsciously do it all the time. Even Cartman's Cupido had an idea of what should bring two people together. It's not random but it's not necessarily exclusively targeted towards duality either. &gt;  I've thought of learning how to use my 4D Ne to fuel my 4D Te with nonstop ideas, but I figured it would be too overwhelming.

It wouldn't work like that though. Inert and contact subtypes clearly shows strengthening occurs by tiers (to put it simply) and I doubt there'd be any better proof of focus than the subtype. A better Ne would mean a worse Te. You can't directly touch Ignoring and Demonstrative. Exercising Te over Ni will improve Ti and Ni over Te wil improve Ne. It also influences the weaker functions, so really it's Tier 1&amp;3 vs Tier2&amp;4. If you were to use a lot of Ni you wouldn't be able to use Se and Ni heavily blocks Si naturally so both of these would be crippled. But you would find more use of the inferior Fi and Fe. Either your focus is on the prefered extroverted functions or the introverted ones. The shadow functions are indirectly affected because they really are the same functions because preferences are only functions squeezed into an attitude.

You could learn to use your Polr even more actively but it would demand the volontary removal of the auxiliary.

You can't change subtypes on a whim though, it would take a very long time to adjust your brain IMO.Type my RBCs. 

Can blood type change over time? 

Stop discriminating A types as basic. 

Universal donor, best type?The + and - signs are from Viktor Gulenko though, they're not the same as Reinin's.

http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/30-plus-minus-by-Victor-Gulenko

I think you got it mixed up. While I do agree there is a difference somewhere in there, it seems to me that the base of + or - follows the quadra. 

Same thing could be said from ISTJs, they're not discriminated in Asia but they'd be in the west. A hive only needs one queen :3
Mmmmh but where did you read that? So far everything I've read about it support my claim and by experience I'd say it's about right.So it's just your theory xD mkay

&gt; My understanding is Ni is knowing something without knowing why. For example, walking home and having the feeling that you should walk a different way. It seems irrational to outsiders but for the Ni user it makes sense.

The Force?ESTPs. I'm probably bias because I'm the benefactor but it's very real nonetheless. Since they have inferior Ni, they won't care for their potential outreach but they are a type that needs proper guidance above all others. The expectations of the people around them will shape them. Of course it is true for any type but this one is more adaptive than others. 


Sad reality though is that most people tend to overestimate their own abilities. I don't believe this picture of the submissive ISFJ woman with low self esteem, exists outside of Japan (figuratively). All the ones I have ever met were eager to ignore reason for the sake of their own projections. Obviouslly western society promotes individual importance above all else and the only things that are really respected are titles aka individual achievements. The vicious circle of influence that you can find in socionics then takes more importance than it should. A proper competitive environment should fix this problem if it is varied and fair. The proper way of using Te is by absorbing a lot of external informations, it would make *you* more open minded not necessarily more productive. &gt; The world is not static and most certainly people aren't either. This is a thing that has been weighing heavily on me and something I want to talk about.

&gt; "Identity" is a historically contingent category that is mutable and as such, is in constant evolution. Personality and preference traits that mark identity are inventions (some intentional, some unintentional). This identity construction ranges from cultural associations with masculinity and femininity, with signifiers of aging, and so on. But basically: what we take for granted as assumed signifiers of a particular identity hasn't always been the case and won't always be the case - it exists within a discrete, historically anchored space and time depending on cultural, economic, scientific, political, etc.. factors. Over time, people (long term culturally) change in drastically fundamental ways.

It is very true for you *because* you are an INFP. You're extremely close to your values but more than that you reflect your environment's ethics. It's kinda hard to explain without examples so let's do that.

You see people greet each others around you and from there you understand that being polite is expected of you and others. You set "greetings" as something that must be done, it is the norm and should be an obvious part of human interraction. You start understanding all the nuances within this play and soon everything around this excercice becomes a reapplication or a slight variation inside of this value . Maybe you understand that it is a perfect way of expression your current mood, your affinity, the situational and where things will lead and huh blabla, that's all I have. Sad.

But if you were thrown in Russia where everyone is completely antipathic towards strangers, you would be incredibly confused. Because in your mind, a greeting is the source of so many nuanced and varied things. Understandable.

I have a 1 dimensional Fi meaning It's limited to experiences. I don't have the normative aspect of Fi, what others value is not going to reflect on me. People who tell me about what they do and why, won't inspires me unless I can relate to it. To be honest I'd be more easily motivated by normative Fe which I have in 2 dimensions. Doing things for someone else is much easier than doing it for myself, if it has to be born in a place of "values". The harsh and heavy weight of social expectations is very light on me. But I guess that's a hard pill to swollow for someone who supports the idea that masculinity and feminity are a social construct. Hopefully that is not your case. 

Your dual is supposedly meant to help you rebalance yourself by opening new possibilities through the reversal of your functions. Which basically means interracting with your dual will help you reconsider yourself and your values or a "remise en question" we say, will occur. It is all nicely adjusted to make things easy for you. The ESTJ type can see something as both true and false. Where your mind is extremely stubborn, he's able to see the alternative.

&gt; Now to the real point: While MBTI attempts to describe cognitive processes, it creates the possibility for those cognitive processes to come into explicit existence

&gt; This is not saying that something we would recognize as "Fi" before MBTI was created wouldn't exist, but rather it wouldn't be reproduced in a schematized way that it is now with MBTI.

&gt; When people make posts like "I wish I never learned about MBTI" or "I can't stop typing people" they are experiencing what I'm talking about in a very apparent way. They are feeling their subjective self being reconstituted to fit the descriptive blueprint laid about by Meyers-Briggs/Predecessors. MBTI creates its subjects while simultaneously describing them.

There is a risk of mistyping yourself and/or even misunderstanding the theory. People will feed their delusions regardless of MBTI, at least with it there is a chance for clarity. And as a community we are able to do more by correcting each others just like we do in society. Except the internet is free from important social expectations, we don't even say "hi" after all. We skip everything and go straight to the point. That is also why the internet is a mean place, with trolls and stalkers and what not. They show you the truth of what goes on behind the polite smiles. And you are out of your element. Good. What I couldn't possibily tell you in real life is now possible. 

You are wrong. There are limits to what you can understand by yourself and those limits are cornered by your Fi. That is why you need me to explain this to you. You understand human relationships a lot better than I do, but I understand MBTI a lot more than you do. Typology makes plenty of sense if you applied correctly. Yes there is a risk but it's not based on its veracity but by the inability of the user.*psssst you're not an ENTJ*Humans need a value system, doesn't matter what it is as long as there is one and that it works.  **You are** the pulse of engineered ideology. INFPs are intuitive guardians of ethics, you see the world through your own context of values that is built on the reflection of your understanding of your environment. Politicians take the role of philosophers, it's especially true in Europe. Every polimic turns around the question of "what does that make us?", instead of actually discussing about the results. Everytime there is an issue we avoid the most logical and efficently direct approach for the sake of national identity or moral obligations. I mean it's really not that hard to realize how it all really works. 

Most governmental infrastructures are big jokes because they are founded on weird abstractions that only a feeler would understand. ENTJs are big picture thinkers, they would to change the foundations first instead of trying to make something aberrant work.

I'm from Belgium and here's what I learned the other day. Fruit sellers that you found in street markets are legally obliged to give away their surplus to charity but to do so they have to call a truck service and pay around 100 euros to do so. Obviously most of them choose to throw everything in a bin rather than pay the tax. 

Do you know how triggering that is? How could an ENTJ survive in such environment?They're supposedely the smartest type because they have the ability to combine two items in their minds even if these items reject each others in reality. The Surfin Bird song, [the first column from the right](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/df/5_pillars_from_the_inner_court_of_the_Bel_Temple_Palmyra_Syria.JPG/1200px-5_pillars_from_the_inner_court_of_the_Bel_Temple_Palmyra_Syria.JPG) and the Halo Top ice cream robot.I think you're an ISTJ. 

&gt; ISTJ: Logic of insubordination, lack of inclusion into the system. Exit from subordination. Violation of the hierarchy from the bottom. The logic of independence. Lets denote this logical function with sign of crossed reverse implication +&gt;

At no point did you address anything directly related to Jordan Peterson. Instead you seem to have this need to reject any living structure for the sake of feeding your paranoid monologue. Even for an ISTJ you seem fairly unhealthy.

&gt; they could get away in public with defending "traditional masculinity"

Sounds like a typical Delta Fi + driven need. The need to identify what is "due" and adapt oneself around it is typical of this quadra.

And the whole thing turns around shame. You shame ISFJs, cucks, blablabla so on. Dario has demonstrated that ISTJ feel shame quite strongly. It's no wonder you'd try to project it so much. 

Also the introverted intuition displayed is rather concerned with norms. You don't really speak about consequences like an NTJ would. I think you have a 2 dimensional Ni which is typical of the role Ni you'd find in ISTJ. It's a cursed function because it is the key we have to use to try to connect with society. mh :/

This kind of monologue is fairly typical for SJ, they just shove everything they know as quickly as possible because they're not comfortable giving a more vivid role to intuition in general. The ISTJ wants to establish as much intuition as possible so they can use their T function to navigate around it. But giving more space to intuition is rather uncomfortable to him. 

Yeah I'm fairly certain that you are an ISTJ. Sorry budy. &gt;  whose arguments clearly aren't perfect,

What would you have improved? I think it'd be good for you if you actually took the time and listened to one of his speech/lecture. This [one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDRgMUoEvcg) is prolly as good as any, he tends to repeat himself anyway. 

Btw that's how ENTJs think, an endless self interrogation. That is the logic of choice described by socionics. I heard it sounds like rambling from an noisy INFJ.Because I believe you have a moral obligation to look at both sides of an arguement. Closing your eyes to a side of an issue is selfish. The explanations you gave me are not good enough, they don't represent the other side at all. NFs should know better.

Also you're clearly lying/deluding yourself. You could give a lecture in this exact same style? And it would be just as valid as what he's saying?

Of course not. Are you a renowned sociologist who's life work is dedicated to studying the depth of human nature through all sorts of scientific and philosophical researches? This guy is the cumulation of all the greatest minds that came before him and that also implies that Jung has been a great influence to him. This guy's resumé is gigantic. Maybe, just maybe he might have a few important things to say. Duh.

Do people have to be dead for you to respect them? Don't be that person who ignores what is important for the sake of distant abstract ideas you think are unique to yourself. 

But I don't want to have a conversation with you, I'd much prefer if you were to intake as much crucial information as possible and that in the next few years a part of it, hits you on some level and help you realize a few important things.

I mean I'll just take an exemple as a demonstration. You say blabla

&gt; Trans activists asking for, hate crime protection and for our societies to spend a bunch of money changing how our public bathrooms work just isn't the same as Mao and his people living in a nightmarish and repeatedly war torn China (another detail Peterson misses; lots of people were already dying) saying they need to hit the reset button.

This sentence alone is dreadful to me. Where do I start? 

A bunch of money for the change of public bathroom. Right, ok. Changing every public bathrooms by adding another section for transexuals. That would represent a huge amount of funds, it's nothing small really. Who's going to pay for that? Well everyone else. What pourcentage of the population identifies as trans? 0,3%. 3 people out of 1000. And among those trans people there's probably not even half of them who hold this same demand. There's probably less than 1 person out of 1000 who would want that.

But that's not even the issue here. Clearly this demand is irreasonable. If you open the gate to one irreasonable demand then nothing is off limit. Why would one group hold advantages over the others after all right? It's a huge snowballing cataclysm that is indirectly demanded. 

You're indirectly asking for everyone to live their life for the sake of others. Giving up on their personal happiness for the sake of small issues that could be addressed in completely different ways. 

I'm not even beginning to scratch the macro issues, the whole base of it is completely idiotic. I'm stuck in an incomfortable grimace just imagining all the issues these kind of idealist fantasies would bring. And that's just one technical aspect of this sentence I disagree with. You missed the point entirely. 

So please, at least watch the video and understand the crucial points this intelligent man has to say. 

I remembered you asking for the context of the “you are what you do, not what you say you'll do” sentence. Well Jordan Peterson took this idea and added a point to it because he is the cumulation of the greatest minds that came before him. Instead of listening to him, you choose to burry his voice with complete contradictory nonesense. 

You've used the word projecting a lot and I find it extremely revealing. I think you're afraid of people influencing your opinion on things. It's really not hard for me to judge your logic. You have so many ways to deny important points by disregarding them as something they're not. It's extremely dishonest of you. 
Your position is irrelevant since you chose not to be informed. it seems to me that you're the kind of person who grabs a book, reads the back cover and imagine what the book is about. You can then move on to the next book with this new knowledge you've acquired by strength of the imagination. Not all ideas are valid. You would know that if you had actually taken the time to read what's inside of the book instead of being satisfied with its outside.

Your arguements hint at this projection I just gave you and the fact that you didn't even care to watch the video only reinforces my delirium. 
Because it links ideas together. Converging is what Ni does. Recognizing the symbolism helps you beat the thing.

Also there's a dynamic to every puzzles and Ni spots patterns.
ENTPENFP males. Everything has to be about them. Everything is bathed in strong significance which forces them to personally handle everything. Worst team players on all levels. They will cockblock you on every single occasions if you let them. Having them as a wingman is like playing on Dante Must Die difficulty level to the point where even Barney Stinson wouldn't take the challenge. And they're not even subtle about it, they're as easy to read as a 4 years old. The very definition of selfishness hidden behind a friendly face. 

ISFP chicks are our women, deal with it. Here's some tissue, go cry about it. /ssssYou obviously respect Jung but you don't care about listening to other people who use the same school of philosophy. The least derogatory remark I can give you is that you're incoherant. But sure, you're free to close your ears as well. ENTPs can't handle well having a beef with anybody, they're people pleaser. They don't want to create any uncomfortable situation around themselves. They have Fe (-) meaning that they'll aim at avoiding negative atmospheres. Yes she used you once. Big deal. You'll still die alone. They're not offensive in their communcation.she lied.&gt; Myeah well humans are shit at linear reasoning overall, our intuition is not exactly a tool of great precision. Overlooking something is pretty much to be expected unless you've had a lot of exposure to a particular type of problem.

IMO it's rather a question of dimensionality. 4D functions aren't concerned with a basic usage. ~~Ignore me daddy!~~ENFPs jump on whatever they can to be honest. But you often see ISFPxENFP couples, although it never lasts past the 3 years.

You're not offending them, they're simply overwhelmed. People have all sort of defense mechanisms, some just deny other people's opinions by seeing a projection in everything they say. :)Ti = You made this? I made this.

Fi = No. Never. No. Noooooo! Okay.All in good time.https://typevolution.com/2016/08/29/activity-relation/&gt; Te : an evaluatory state of mind that directly assesses events and actions of other people from logical POV and openly voices those assessments, assessing and estimating productivity, efficiency, usefulness, rational sense of any given involvement venture or activity, steady and purposeful state of mind that leads to making rational actions despite the present sentiments

I should print that on a T-shirt, it would make my daily life a lot easier. ikrTrue but only in the Tarja era.It's been debunked though. What we now know is that Tesla crafted a machine to connect his soul to the grid before dying. So what really happens is that Tesla's soul momentarily possess you. You don't actual become an INTJ, duh.Yes.

&gt;Te as Demonstrative Function (SLE, ILE)

&gt; The individual is adept at recognizing which aspects of an information, statement, or action are factually accurate in the sense of checking them against available external sources of information, but he tends to see this as lesser importance in comparison to their internal logical consistency when pursuing a concept fed by Ne or Se. To focus on the facts, also when giving out information, is seen as rather pointless when there is an Ne idea to be explored or a Se power to be gained.&gt; ENFJ: The logic of differentiation, of discovery of derivative functions. Convergence to the limit. Measurement of rate of change of a variable. Isolation of constants in that which is changing.

So as far as I understand it means to isolate an aspect, a state or a dymanic (most likely social) and then seeing how within that state it could be combined with another one. 

It's kinda like chemistry where you have to first transform an element to combine it with another (or both elements). 

If you were to break it down in a single sentence it would sound the same as the ESTJ because SuperEgo partner logics basically tries to do the same thing, although they are completely different. Both ENFJs and ESTJs see endless possibilities. 

So yeah, your logic basically follows the same principles as chemistry. that's quite something. Although real logic is not really involved, let's make that thing clear. :p

I should maybe add that this logic is the one you use at all time, giving you a unique point of view. Nobody uses pure logic, it's always a logic conditionned a certain way. So yeah, raw logic will hurt your head but it will also give you a unique point of view and what you do with information is proper to your type. I mean erh, it's kinda hard to explain but let's just say that if logic was a 16 block cube, your logic would be one of these block. Therefore your point of view is necessary in forming a full picture to human logic. People who type others based on the Big Five make me gently laugh.

Socionics has an absurd amount of subtypes, fuck that. Let's just break things down into 5 factors or 10 possibilities! Ho I know let's not even call them by their names, we should rather use colours! He's a light blue, dark red, I think he's an ENTP. Azure blue and candy red then. :ETake a type that is low on agreebleness and then put that type in the shoes of a 45 yrs old woman with 3 children who have to pay her dead husband's debts who is 10 dollars away from becoming a prostitute. Obviously she's going to become very agreeable. Using the Big Five to find your type is not valid, the end.

The use of colour is an obvious joke to underline how silly it is in its naive use. Socionics goes from intertypes to your freaking [music preferences](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Music_and_socionics), there are no comparisons. It's like removing all existing grammar for an over simplistic form of texting language and expect to find more clarity with the later. 

"Guys, throw away your calculators! [Check this beast out](http://www.coccinelle-boutique.com/WebRoot/ce_fr/Shops/266019/49CB/C32D/9864/1A67/51F7/C0A8/8008/DA70/4022.jpg), it doesn't even need batteries."

Please some ESTP help me with this, I can already see it going into the classic IHQ infernal spiral of lost logic. How is it related to your type?&gt; Your example is also garbage, perfectly reasonable to become more disagreeable and cutthroat in that situation, if anything that's what one would expect to happen.

Well it could go either way then. If it's ambiguous then it's not objectively correct. You're always nick picking on the abstraction to the rule. Which is predicted by socionics btw. But I'm amazed that you don't realize that on some level.I'm not going to waste my time just because you chose the Big Five to fill your delusions. You think you're a thinker, you're not. You once said my T function had to be inferior. Of course it's seems inferior to you since you can't even begin to imagine what goes on in my head. You're incredibly arrogant and deluded. And obviously you follow this pattern where you disappear for some time and then reappear and start some shit. It's not hard to imagine you failing to fufill your goals and taking it on your keyboard. It's obviously unhealthy, why do you not have the forsight to see that? You're the damn idealist, you should know better with your Ni-Fe function. INFJs are incredibly good at sorting these sort of things but you decided that no fuck that I'm going to excerce my tertiary Ti for some relief in a weird way by starting shit over the internet. You're stuck in a loop, that's the definition of insanety. I'm not going to argue every single one of your smart kid points just because you don't know better. I'm not your damn teacher or your parent, sort your own shit and stop being so pathetic. Burn it down and start over.It's more like a ENFJ/xSFP couple. 

Try those:

https://www.youpak.com/watch?v=qQi3_PpYzIM

https://www.youtube.com/V/watch?v=qQi3_PpYzIMHo well done. Now we'll get 3 posts about how some types are discriminated against. Be strong baby bear.Oh yeah, good catch!On the top of my head I'd say it's rather an ENTPxISFJ romance. Lady is more of a meme ISFJ being pure and naive and Tramp a meme ENTP being free of care and adaptive.

It's an excellent exemple of duality though, good catch.Lastravioli raised a good point that your conflictor is probably not the person you'd have most conflicts with, that it would rather be your superego and I gotta agree. He does say some good things in the mist of all the noise, typically an ENTP quality if you ask me. It'd be much easier for me if you could underline the points that need clarifications. https://imgflip.com/i/24szdt&gt; I have this image of a fondue fountain that I can't get out of my head now

Fondues are overrated. Nothing beats a bons mayennais on a fresh baguette. 

&gt; Correct me if I'm wrong by explaining the motivation behind you looking into this.

Well I'm implying that the link between functions and the parts of the brain used are not linked in a "direct" way, like one might expect. That's it.

&gt; These sentences, as well as much of what you write after, reads more as your critique of "what's wrong with the world today!" than as a valid point supporting anything you're arguing. While including this sentiment better informs us of where you're coming from, it also creates doubt over the very premise you're basing your argument on.

There will always be something wrong with the world. I'm coming from the fact that I don't suffer from shame or Sensitive Mediator and therefore I have more clarity when it comes to looking at society because my biases come only from Grounded Believer. 

You're not going to entertain thoughts that breach your values of shame, are you? Maybe you will because you're an INFJ and your types have a very alternative look on things but most people don't go there. The fact of the matter is that shame is a huge burden and it kills objective reasoning. There is a mental shield to topics that bring shame to you. As explained, SM corrects your behavior based on other people's expectations. That means that you'll have a tendency to think based on societal expectations.

You asked where I'm coming from? Well I'm ENTJ. I have +Ni and I use the logical of choice and as such I choose to give a positive direction to society by making the best of what we have, instead of throwing our dices and hope that things don't end in a catastrophy. 

And that is my point. 



Well what is the point of typology then? Typing your favourite Naruto characters? https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/myers-briggs-and-jungian-cognitive-functions/50366-dario-nardis-neuroscience-personality-6.html#post1817451

You can use this link too.Means you're dead inside. :p

I'll give you your whole deal cause I like you.

T4: Strategic Gamer, Deduct Analyst, Expert Class

T3: Precise Speaker, Tactical Navigator, Abstract Impres

T2: Imag Mimic, Purposeful Futurist, Intuitive Listener, Visual Engineer.

T1: Grounded Believer, Factual Stor, Flow Artist, Sens Med

Well I would have to write a book if I were to start everything from the beginning. Obviously you need some awareness towards social trends and bleh. 
I'll add memes next time.Look it's not so hard to understand. Society is built out of shame and principles. It's not about what society has made of us. I take the opposite stance by looking at what we did to society. 

Our values are slowly disappearing and that leads to insane reactions because we need those values. A lot of today's polemics turn around irrational self hate and nothing about it makes any sense when you look at the bigger picture. The only core values that we are left with, are nothing but fossils of the past. They do not reflect today's ethics. And the reason being is because we do not enforce any form of values or of shame. We let people decide that for themselves. Which they can't fucking handle. 

The second world war was a crucial in how we've shaped our current society because it clearly defined our values and with whom we share those values. It cut the world in pieces and served as a reminder of our identity and where we stand in this world. But that was a very long time ago and today all that is left of this, are archetypes of evil. Legends that have lost their original purpose and meaning.

I understand it is hard to conceive for someone who even has a tier 2 Sensitive Mediator, even if its weak it's still there. But it is very possible for me to detach myself from society and look at it objectively.

The idea that all you need is freedom is flawed. People will try to re-adjust society and they will do so unconsciously. Because deep inside they need to be guided by shame and/or principles. If they can't find something, they'll make something up. And that is what you find in today's PC culture. I don't really care what people think tbh, a PC culture is hell on earth. It's where the freedom you thought was granted to you is taken back. It's when you start loosing everything you had. It's an implosion.

Too much shame could problem as well. Watch the first episode of the fourth season of Black Mirror. It's about an ISFJ. ISFJs have a tier 4 Sensitive Mediator and a tier 1 Grounded Believer. If you do not engineer society around them, a world like that might very well happen.!I try to stay away from Nietzsche, I find his views to be too reflecting of his type. &gt; He also asks a bunch of questions and assumes I'm guessing the same answer as him,

Yes, this is all about you.Your point of view is literally coming from the same place as everyone else. You're only informing me of the general trending opinion. 

I talk about both shame and principles as very distinct. People having a need to be shamed implies that they're going to look for something to be shameful about. And it's going to affect principles because they're both linked in the making of society. It's not the other way around in today's reality. The fact of the matter is that shame is incredibly flexible, while principles follow a reasoning based on direct non flexible needs. Shame should follow principles and not the other way around.

There is no reasons for people to suddenly become hyper aware of old deeds. History books are not a recent thing, and atrocities have happened everywhere at all time and are still happening to this day.

There is no direct logical reason why this is happening, other than the obvious liberation of shame. People didn't become more altruistic or else they would take care of problems outside of their own country, which is not happening.

PC culture creates PC culture and it shows. There is no need for PC culture other than to sustain itself. It does not create valuable principles, it only breeds more shame. 

Also comparing me to Nietszche is not going to help anyone understand my stance. I do not share his views on a Greek/Nazi paradise and I'm not buying this uber man crap, that's only a wild fantasy which was born out of an inferiority complex. The power of the individual is limited to his type and as such, society should be molded to accomade each and everyone of them as I believe in archetypes above all else. 
 I'm seriously doubting your type again, I'm thinking ISTJ now because this is some weak ass intuition. You're the only INFJ who didn't "get it" and who came at me with this 2D normative perception, thinking it's a big deal and you keep projecting your emotions into me. If you're covering my words, babbling bullshits, of course I'm going to correct you. It's one thing to not get it but it's another to misrepresent me. Who in the world would accept that?

&gt; ISTJ: Logic of insubordination, lack of inclusion into the system. Exit from subordination. Violation of the hierarchy from the bottom. The logic of independence.

VS

&gt; INFJ: Logic of chance, lack of causalities. Anti-determinism. Natural violations of the hierarchy. Logic of associations. Function of anti-implication.


Yeah... I have no idea why it took me so long to see this. Probably because I don't know many people like you. Ho well I'm glad I could be of help to you. You're most likely the [ISTJ-Te subtype](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4964-ISTp-SLI-Subtypes). This aux Fe you think you have is just the sign of your T4 SM &amp; T4 GB. You got your Role function mixed up with your Dominant. Classic. 

I'd suggest you try opening up emotionally so that you can truly accept it. I've prepared [a song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9Dg-g7t2l4) to help you on your journey. Good read.Hey you're actually capable of being insightful when you're not overhelmed by your emotions. I was kidding. No you're wrong. [Socionics]. [Socionics], [socionics]. [Links]. Thank you.&gt; Rorschach

ISTP af

&gt; ENFJs, ISFJs, ESTJs and INTJs share the dialectical-algorithmic cognitive style, which means they're more likely to get literally brainwashed

That's not quite what it means. Basically you can't really think outside of the box, you can only rearrange the information inside of the box. Or if you want to think of it positively, you're really good at rearranging informations within the box.Huh I get genuine anger like twice a year...Yeah, that's all I know from this character though.&gt; Valentine's Day

I'd usually stay inside and catch up on One Piece.Nah it wouldn't smart. Although I could finish the day on Ruka Kanae, I'd probably try to take my mind off anything that could invoke the purpose of that cursed date. SocializeI guess he learnt a thing or two during those 6 years...They're more of a Chandler Bing precious. That's quite tricky actually. Functions work in rational and irrational pair sooo... They're both more or less the same. You can't base an ideal without logic and you can't form a logic without an ideal. 

The most voted comment of this post is an indirect proof of that since he cannot conceive your logic the way you perceive it because his ideal base doesn't allow it. Most likely an STJ btw, with a strong [Deductive Analyst F3](http://savipra.com/post/69436625479/dario-nardis-neuroscience-of-personality) but low on intuition. 

To be honest, it'd be incredibly deluded for me to claim my logic is based on logic alone when my most conscious thoughts are based on probabilities but at the same time I'm rarely wrong which supports logic. All you could really use to measure how much logic you use vs values is the function stack.

But then wait... If your dominant function is your world view and your aux how you affect it. Wouldn't your ideal be your world view regardless of what it is? If your dominant function is the ideal then the auxiliary is your logical framework since it will bend the former to match the ideal through a personal logic. The dom function is stronger but the aux is connected to the demonstrative so it has more width therefore it breaks down errors to form a proper huh let's say "cause" so it is more logical since it is not the ideal, it's the refined work. 

Okay fuck that, it's number 1 because the source of logic comes from ideals. Logic adapts itself to ideals.Contacting, Terminating, Connecting - Dominant Subtype

heheThis is what happens when you make direct links between MBTI and the Big 5.We should divide the senate and parliaments by quadras instead of "political parties". We'll probably never get there in time though.&gt; On the scientific psychology side.. there's this fantastic new study that tracks the meta-trajectories of change in big 5 personality traits in something like 47,000 people. The data showed decreases in O, C, E, N and relatively consistent Agreeableness over time. Even more interesting, it shows mid-life peaks in extraversion and conscientiousness and a late-life spike in neuroticism. Lastly, while trajectories exist, the changes still have variability amongst individuals. It's still a pre-print but a great read nevertheless: https://psyarxiv.com/ryjpc/

Look at what you've done. Jesus fucking Christ, I'll always be amazed by the lack of foresight people have. Religiously drinking their drop of bleach everyday not seeing the further implications just because "hey I've been doing it everyday for a week and I feel just fine! It burns a little but so does whiskey!"

And stop using Jung, peace be upon him, to justify your crap. The man died in 61 and typology was never the focus of his life's work. It's like referring yourself to Charles Babbage when building your computer.You must have mistyped someone here because ISTJ and ENFP share a duality. It doesn't mean that the relationship is absent of conflict, quite the opposite actually. Misunderstandings could happen all the time but duals are able to clear the air because they can properly communicate their own views. It's a perpetual circle, if you want. 

One gives control of their inferior function to the other and vice versa. If they don't get along despite being duals, it means the duality is rejected. Which is not a good sign as you can imagine.
[T6](http://savipra.com/post/69436625479/dario-nardis-neuroscience-of-personality)&gt; Kai

PeasantThat's not the issue.So youngThe tyranny of the many.I'm slightly pissed tbfNah I said so as a provocation. As super many as they are, INTJs and ENTPs never were the problem. Truth is that this typology community is one of the worst there is. Incredibly bad and deluded, disgusting.I love the randomness that Ne brings about but there are instances where I can't stand it because it's just too much for me.

For example, I can enjoy asdfmovies but only because they are very short. Something longer like Nostalgia critic, where the guy tries so hard to find little details to make comparative jokes is absolutely unbearable to me. I'd much prefer something like [Auralnauts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFicXlvJBdo) where there is a continuity starting from a single theme rather than an explosion of ideas that never directly connect with one another.

Is it the opposite for you? Are the best jokes the shortest? Is it a Ne-Ti vs Ne-Fi kind of thing? Or maybe it's just because I lead with Te and thus I'm more easily amused by the silly parodic kind of logic these characters have? So many questions...Is that how Fe works? How far can Fe waves travel? And how old is Samuel L. Jackson?~~Please, don't explain functions to me...~~Parker: ENTJ

Mikey: ISFP

Jerry: INTP

Musso: ESTJ

Frank: ISTJ

Shelly: ISFJ

Kubiac: ????Elliot: INFP

&gt; Seeks to understand the essence of various subjects and phenomena. Possesses strong associative and figurative thinking and the talent of foresight. Perceptive and insightful regarding the potential of various projects and people, aware of other's talents and abilities. Often displays an interest in problems that lie at the intersection of ethics and philosophy. Very curious, loves to read and to contemplate. He is constantly evaluating everything. Feels unsatisfied and frustrated with work that is monotonous and routine. Strives for self-cultivation. Defends his views on emotional basis, but tries to support his statements with facts. Distrustful, requires sufficient evidence to become convinced of the verity of his partner's statements.

Darlene: ESFP

She's not getting along with Elliot at first (conflictor); she's using Fi as a mobilizing tool; She's not really a planner but she can act on the plan and usually stick to it except when the middle stack gets in the way, inferior Ni; impulsive; naturally paranoid.

Angela: ISFJ

Classical ISFJ story about the hero struggling to keep on doing the right thing. The naive girl who enters the "real world" world where she struggles to keep in touch with herself, self hating may results. Disciplined; random Ne impulses; no apparent Te.

Tyrell: ENTJ

Beats hobos like any respectable ENTJ would; Fi is more of a tool even if it matters a lot, Se over Fi though; power hungry, as in tert Se; contrary rel with Elliot pewpew; Ni sense of destiny; will do "whatever is necessary" drive. So/Sx

Joanna: ENFJ

Cold hearted Beta; Se hungry; demanding of others; clear J; clear Ni user; masochist. She's not very affectionated with Tyrell but she's working well with him, as in collaboration relation.

Phillip: INTJ

Completely immuned to Tyrell's bullshit, damn INTJs. Crazy tert Fi ego as in "I have to feel superior"; cool headed tactician; dramatic voice; super ego rel with Angela. 

Shayla: ISFP

Inb4 no she's not an INFP. Another Super Ego rel (with Elliot). Artsy, zoner; stoner; hipster; very P.

Ray: ESFJ

The only guy who had a direct impact on Elliot's understanding with the control story, cause you know duality pewpew. a

Colby: ESTJ

Definitely uses Si with insane memory skills; dead inside; impatient and doesn't try to understand things himself as long as it works and things get done.

Gideon: prolly ENFP

He has that serious Delta attitude. Ne over Ni, Te over Ti, good guy; sees a lot; principled and carrying; supervizes Elliot who tries to escape it.

Dominique: ISTP

Locks her phone to avoid the Ti-Ni loop; Fe bullshits as in either dom or inf; creatively manipulative but it doesn't fly high as in no Ne.

Trenton: INFJ

Strong IxxJ vibes; looks at other's people motivations; dramatic; discreet; motivated by big ideals; ~~quite open minded for a muslim~~.

Mosbley: INxx

I'm not sure but I'd say INFP 6.

Mr Robot: ENTPAlright boys and girls, make yourselves comfortable, have some chips or feel free to suck your thumb. This is what duality seeking is about, your inferior sucks and you don't get it UNTIL...!

Anyway [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9_WGbkQPR0)'s the episode.So I was watching Terminator with an ISFP friend the other day. And of course we had to question the paradox of Kyle Reese being the father of John Connor. And I thought, well it does make sense if you take into consideration that this timeline has been altered before. That this is a loop, an inexorable event that has been changed again and again. All coming from the fact that the important part of this time travelling thing is that the information that judgement day will happen and that there is a need to prepare for it so that the war with the machine can be won. Which on itself could hint into an explaination on why judgement has to happen. If they are prisoners of a paradox then there is no possibe way to change the course of the future any further than what has been allowed by this first event. Or in other words, if there is time travel there has to be Skynet. Because it's not a paradox, something that shouldn't be shouldn't be, therefore the time space continuum has to adjust itself to permit the thing that shouldn't be to be. Okay?

~~Which could hint that the machines are the instruments of their own undoing as well...~~

Anyways my friend didn't see it like that and I thought that this may be a good example of what differenciates us as ""intuitives"". The ability to hold enough elements together until a conclusion can be seen.

So it got me curious to see the extent of such phenomemumumu and endless youtube browsing helped me found a perfect test!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNTwRSKVJLc

I wouldn't call this test easy but with enough time I think it's possible for me to make a perfect score. So I'm curious to see how other types would fare with this kind of questions. 

It's only 2 problems, pause the video once the text and the 5 options appear, take your time and answer.[removed]Hey I thought [this](https://youtu.be/T_ojB_vm6fs) was interesting.

Bryan C strikes me as an intj and there's a thing you can pick up from this video. Watch it first duh.

Okay so first you can feel the inferior Se where this lil chick easily overpowered him. That's probably what attracted him to her in the first place and still today this is what he remembers the most. Even as he was imagining all the the possible scenarios of his break up, the one that came true is the one he couldn't forsee himself as he will always value a Te reasoning over the simplicity of a domineering Se. She decided that they were not breaking up and there was nothing he could do about it.

Until he was pushed into a corner and then something amazing happened, like Gohan vs Cell, something woke up inside of him. The stability of his rational mind flew by the window and his inferior Se was sundenly put in charge. Things became very simple from that point, he wasn't paralyzed by the world of rational possibilities anymore, "fuck you" was answered by, "no, fuck you". Se vs Se.

The fact that he was able to see himself killing her is also important. I think for high Ni users, seeing yourself doing something vividly gives a strong sense that it can be done. It's a little hard to explain but I think it's relatable. You can spend your day planning the next one but it's all speculative, the moment this vivid awareness comes into your mind, this realization locks the possibility as something that can happen without a doubt as you've already experienced its directness.I spend a lot of time looking at ~~women~~ people and I tend to notice little details here and there. 

IMO visual typing is easier than it might seem at first. Key distinctions should come from introverted vs extroverted functions. If the function used is extroverted you'd see a lot more agitation but if the function is introverted you'd see something more stationary. Well it depends on the specific type but I'd say it's a good base to start on. 


&amp;nbsp;


NTJs have the crazy left, right eye movements, NFJs don't do that because they use Ti. The Ni is stationary playing in the back, what makes the eyes move really is Te.  Here's an example. [Elon Musk](https://youtu.be/tnBQmEqBCY0?t=15m40s); It's fairly apparent if you look at the INTJ from INTJ &amp; INFP Coffee youtube channel, she does plenty of it; I had another example but it got remove from youtube. :/

It's "deeply" introspective, the eyes moving to one spot to the other could mean jumping from an idea to another but it can also simply mean that you're looking for an idea, like moving your hands left and right in the sand to try and dig something out. 

[Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGcZHBq2phc) a INFP 4. She talks about identity a lot and associates it to her past, nation and all of that. It's very important for her but at the same time she's not sure what her identity means, the enneagram 4 struggle basically. You can see her eyes moving all over the clock, same thing for the INFP from the coffee youtube channel again. It's the Ne that is really explored, creating the agitation. It's subtle but it's very different from the way NTJs swap? their eyes left and right because for the NTJ, it's like reading what's on a blackboard for example, we know where the info is but we don't know the specific details until we put our eyes on it. For the INFP on the other hand, there is a novelty to this excercice, it's like their Ne gives them a signal and so they follow it but they don't know where the signal will take them and so you can read the emotional openess. You can also see the transitional mannerism, she will smile and then poof something pops up and so you get this sort of blank expression for half a second before moving to something else. The Ni user don't really have that because we already know what the next idea will look like. Also the Ne idea is often found at the very limit of the corner of the eye, I don't know why. 

If you just compare these two figures you can clearly see the difference between introverted and extroverted functions. The Ni is deep and has to be dug out with the Te shovel; The Ne is vast and has to be directly experienced with Fi to be properly judged.


&amp;nbsp;

Si doms have what I'd call a default stance. 

[Here](http://imgur.com/WMe6icz) you can see ISFJ Jessica Alba taking a "pose" but she barely moved from her default stance, nothing extravagant. No extroverted agitation, except when it comes to the obvious nature of Fe.

ISTJs are very stoic in their overall statures but at the same time they all have their unique way about it. They have their own default stance with a slight quirkness about them. Full Si, no Se; Te seriousness; a slight/almost invisible combo of Fi-Ne. 

What really betrays the type is their Fi eyes. Since they don't have any range in their facial expression, their Fi might not be obvious. But if you get close enough, you'll see those juicy eyes, so feely it might look like they're ready to shed a tear or two. 

Here's an a few examples from Katya Lischina ~~she's legal shut up~~:

[Stance](http://imgur.com/B6TprM8) is almost neutral, a little cute, a little precious but no extravagance. And then you have the juicy starry eyes.

Look at them [eyes](http://imgs.cc/image/Jtt0Wb3). 

You see the [juice](http://imgur.com/a/QfTbh)? All she really did was relax her face, that's no actual emotional expression.

Compare it to a neutral [ENTJ face](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DADkpD4XcAAMLej.jpg:large). Souless Te RBF, the eyes are dead.

However the ISTJ can only use a maximum of [40% of a full smile](http://imgs.cc/image/mALRe3m). And again we can see the limited variation of her default stance.

ENTJs are actually very animated, often in a silly way. If you look at these [selfies](http://imgur.com/a/z5tnb), you can see that the first one is actually a good picture, there's awareness of space and composition. It's like it tells a story that unfortunately she cannot sincerely express with her face. Maybe she has a little too much make up, her clothes don't really suit her all that well but still, there's something to look at. Second one she makes a silly face that really means "that's my pooper ^^ILUBUKAWAIDESU", pretty straight forward if you know you can't trust her face to reflect her true feelings. And third is just silly fake Fe because that's something we can do.

The intent and directness of Te; the unpolished Se expression lacking Si; all painted on Ni meant to use as much as what's available as possible which reflects Te again; Fi is indirectly there. 

&amp;nbsp;

ISFPs look like they would perfectly fit inside a video clip of Tiziano Ferro. What makes the ISFP charming comes from how large their emotional range is. ISFP 9 chicks have all 4 seasons kept inside of a month, they will look completely different every 3-5 days. I don't mean as a pictural representation, I mean they will be act very differently. Their emotional dreaminess Fi-Ni is going to be directly expressed with their Se, you will know exactly how they're feeling day by day. Goes from [:)](http://imgur.com/a/c8eHF) to [:(](http://imgur.com/a/FZlCi) and everything inbetween.

Se doms are a no brainer. Se-Fi looks at you like they want to know you, Se-Ti looks at you like they've known you before. Se-Ti have a gymnast gait, super easy to spot. 

&amp;nbsp;

[Bonus INFJ.](http://imgur.com/a/KGyOc) Everything has been studied long and large so that the result would be perfect. The expression, the slight position of the shoulders and the delicate hand posture, the tilt and all of that. Still you'll find a small piece of fabric stuck in her hair, clumsy inferior Se curse. xDDD[removed]Have you ever looked at someone and felt like they were ill-suited for their job based on their type? 

I saw an ENTP stripper the other day and I'm not gonna lie that was wrong. It gave me a weird unholy feeling like I was watching the pope eating a cheese burger or something.

It's not like someone stood up and shouted, "What the fuck?" She wasn't gross or anything like that. But she went on the podium at the same time as the obvious ESFP and suddenly it looked like she was 4 years old. Couldn't help but wonder, what the hell was she doing there?

Anyways how's your day?Te as Suggestive Function

The individual is attracted to people seen as knowledgeable, as well as truthful and willing to share that knowledge, in matters seen as interesting and useful to the individual towards achieving productivity and efficiency. Reliable information rather than the finished analysis is what attracts the individual; facts and explanations, not answers limited to the conclusions. For the same reason, the individual avoids people who are inclined to give out unreliable or simply untruthful information. The individual tends to neglect to think about the productivity of his actions and unconsciously relies on others to give him directions and advice about the best, most productive ways of doing things. He has difficulties measuring how much work he has done, whether it is sufficient, and how much it is actually worth. The individual admires people who are aware of the productivity of their actions and are always trying to do something rational and worthwhile.

Ti as Suggestive Function

The individual has great admiration for people with well-developed systems of views. He especially likes clear and concise explanations of concepts, rather than a lot of background information about them that is not directly pertinent. He wants his actions to make sense, and thus needs external assurance that the conceptual understanding behind them is correct. If he cannot find a source of certainty, he may become flustered and unable to act rationally at all.

Ne as Suggestive Function

The individual has great respect and admiration for people who are always pursuing something new and different and are not tied down to material things. He easily becomes attached to people who believe in his potential and praise him for his unique skills. He rarely emphasizes his talents, unique experience, or singularity publicly, but prefers to seem like "your average guy" so that others can relate to him easily. However, he is more open about his unique attributes in close personal relationships. He is sensitive about his talents and uniqueness because so often uniqueness creates distance between people rather than closeness. He dreams of having his uniqueness recognized, welcomed, and fostered by a close group, but "just in case" avoids emphasizing his uniqueness and talents in new or large group situations. Since he finds it difficult to identify what unique talents he has, this often results in a tendency to avoid setting long-term career goals.

Ni as Suggestive Function

The individual is attracted to people who are confident in their ability to evaluate where present trends are leading and to choose the opportune moment to initiate action, or to refrain from it. The individual is impulsive but at the same time desiring of not going too far in his impulsiveness and unsure of his own ability in this area, so people who are confident on how far to go and when to stop are admired and their company is desired. The individual also longs for a sense of greater meaning in his life beyond the immediately physical and enjoys the company of people who can show him the light in that area.

Se as Suggestive Function

The individual is often characterized by his inertia. If left to his own devices, he may choose to do relatively little to interact with the outside world. When he does interact with the outside world, he often finds his activities to be empty and unfulfilling. To this individual, life is often characterized by periods of stimulation. For him, however, true stimulation is often spontaneous, and interludes between periods of stimulation are often characterized by tedium, inertia, and apathy. He is often not very adept at finding new areas of interest, and may seek to continue to reproduce past experiences instead of moving on to new things. In order to break out of this cycle, he requires an outside stimulus of spontaneity and activity. With such a degree of spontaneity introduced into his life, the tedium and perceived meaninglessness is replaced by a constant state of activity in which he can experience new things and escape from the confines of his own mind.

He is additionally very indecisive. He may lack the ability to make important decisions, especially with regards to his own future. He may know what he wants to achieve out of life in a broad or long term sense, but will find it very difficult to set and finish the short term projects leading to it. In order to be able to act, he needs a tangible and definite stimulus from somebody well grounded in external reality and who has a clear picture of what must be done in a certain situation.

Si as Suggestive Function

The individual tends to be chronically unaware of his own bodily processes, including physiological sensations and a sense of balance and alignment with one's true desires. He sometimes has peculiar preferences or tastes, which he himself is unable to understand or fulfill. The individual almost never emphasizes his attractiveness or sexuality overtly and publicly, but dreams of being pleasing to the senses to at least a small circle of trusted friends and partners who are able to develop and enhance his sexuality and attractiveness in a trusting atmosphere.

Fe as Suggestive Function

The individual often becomes engrossed in serious work, which leads him to neglect his complementary need for fun and emotional release. He also feels vulnerable expressing himself spontaneously in public, which allows bad emotions and stress to build up, leading to depression or sudden hostility. He enjoys being around people who make him feel comfortable expressing himself, and who can make every day new and exciting. Although he may present a hard exterior in the company of strangers, he is likely to not be serious at all with people who know him better. His behavior changes radically - a calm and serious structured person will suddenly become jovial and warm.

Fi as Suggestive Function

The individual longs for close personal relationships where personal and private experiences can be shared easily in an atmosphere of mutual trust, sustained by shared sentiments and ethical beliefs that make external expression of emotions unnecessary. The individual is inclined to take first steps, but he is not confident of his ability to correctly evaluate the existence or status of such a relationship and therefore is attracted to persons who value clear and unambiguous personal relationships with others and who follow a clear set of ethical principles, which gives them credibility and makes them deserving of trust in the individual's eyes.

The individual tends not to consider whether people are friends or enemies or whether they feel good will or ill will towards them. Instead, he or she usually acts right from the start as if the other person were a friend or an enemy based on their prior knowledge of what the person does. This makes it possible to mistake a friend for an enemy and vice versa. Only gradually does the individual come to recognize what feelings others have for him, and there is always an element of doubt unless others express those feelings verbally and unambiguously and act in a way that clearly matches their stated feelings, over a sufficient period of time. The individual is easily made insecure about the status of personal relationships and needs frequent reassurance that the other person's feelings have not changed.

The individual is sheepish about expressing his personal feelings about people ("I find you really interesting" or "I like you a lot"), but responds very well to these statements, as if they were unexpected treats. Instead, the person tends to focus on whether others' behavior makes sense or not.

You're welcome. Just remember to tell me how it went. (A short report would be preferable.)

&amp;nbsp;

Ah... and for those who need a little help understanding where I'm going with this... 

You're meant to project these needed qualities to those you wanna charm to seduce them and ensure sex. That's why I used the word thurst, it's a word play based on the saying "thursting for knowledge" and thurst as in the trending meaning or to be horny. And nefarius means wicked or evil. Abusing the naivity of people by "playing" them is morally wrong.  [removed]Guys I know this forum is meant to be fairly random as it's shaped by its users but if you seriously want yourself typed. Find your 15 dichotomies, it's still the best thing you could do, instead of rellying on I-knew-a-guy-who-I-believe-was-an-xxxx-and-you-don't-sound-like-him sundays typers. It's like a battleship game party, your type will hit on most points and you'll quickly know. 

[Dropping bombs on your moms](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Reinin_dichotomies)

Also, well, of course it's possible that you'd misunderstand some of the questions or that you simply lack self awareness or even perspective BUT...

You have to look at the bigger picture here for a moment. Imagine for a second that your knowledge of typology doesn't fly that high or barrely higher than a Naruto classification meme poster and that socionics is actually incredibly accurate to a near prophetic tier. Right? Okay...

Now imagine you relate to a lot of what is said about your type but there's a few points that simply do not fit with you. What can you conclude from it? I'll help you with this one ;)

What if they actually are symptoms, signs of neuroticism? Can you imagine the kind of knowledge we're talking about here? To be able to see your flaws without any ambiguity? Being able to skip 10 years of shitty behavioral deficiency by simply looking at a map of yourself or at least a map of what you're supposed to be. We're talking about God tier lyrics of the song of your soul. (HOMYGODIMPOETICIMUSTBEMISTYPEDSAVEMERANDOMREDDITOR)It's important to sometimes take a step back and look at ourselves. I think we can all agree on that. However I'm not a fan of the idea of taking a step too far away to the point where everything blurries and incertainty becomes the main tangent in your logic. 

How do we know how to balance humility and confidence? As a general rule, I'd say you need a direction but since my topic is about logic, I'll use the metaphor of an achor, or an immovable abstraction to which you can always return to and which shouldn't ever be too far from yourself. Spacing out and exploring is fine but you need that chain to keep you sane.

Now let's play everyone's favourite game and let's refer ourselves to socionics. Here's what socionics has to say about your logic. 

Deterministic Logic:

- ENTP: Logic of isomorphism, analogies, transfer of structures from one area to another. Lets denote this logic function with sign of identity: =

- ISTP: The logic of subordination, of strict hierarchy. The logic of progression, of implication: if A, then must be B. Lets denote this logic function with arrow pointing to the right: -&gt;

- ESFP: The logic of co-subordination. It carries over the equivalence of two objects: if A, then B, and vice versa. Lets denote this logic function with arrow pointing both ways: &lt;-&gt;

- INFP: The logic of being subordinate. Inclusion of some elements into some class. Following the goals of oversystem. Logic of reverse implication: A, because B. Lets denote this logic function with arrow pointing to the left: &lt;-

Genesis Logic:

- ISFJ: Logic of synthesis. It extinguishes differences and underlines similarities. Union of the opposites. Operation of conjunction. Lets denote this logic with sign /\
[Conjunction: The statement A /\ B is true if A and B are both true; else it is false.]

- ENFJ: The logic of differentiation, of discovery of derivative functions. Convergence to the limit. Measurement of rate of change of a variable. Isolation of constants in that which is changing. Lets denote this logic with sign &gt;-


- INTJ: Logic of parallel progression. Branching. Disjunctive logic that separates the opposites. Logic of safeguards, of spare exits. Lets denote this logic with sign \/
[Disjunction: The statement A \/ B is true if A or B (or both) are true; if both are false, the statement is false.]


- ESTJ: The logic of integration, of discovery of the original, archetypal function. The logic of propulsion. The changing constantly. Lets denote this logic with sign -&lt;


Stochastic Logic:
- INFJ: Logic of chance, lack of causalities. Anti-determinism. Natural violations of the hierarchy. Logic of associations. Function of anti-implication. Lets denote it as &lt;+


- ESFJ: The logic of inequalities, of lack of analogies and correspondences. Logic of heterogeneity that expresses the separateness of the two classes of phenomena. Lets denote this logical function with sign of crossed identities =/=
- ISTJ: Logic of insubordination, lack of inclusion into the system. Exit from subordination. Violation of the hierarchy from the bottom. The logic of independence. Lets denote this logical function with sign of crossed reverse implication +&gt;

- ENTJ: Logic of choice between two alternatives. Mutual exclusion. Risk, which leads to success. The logic of finding a way into oversystem, formation of emergent properties. Or-or logic. Strict disjunction. Lets denote it with &lt;+&gt;

Holographic Logic:

- ISFP: The logic of self-preservation, of avoidance of collision. Movement via anti-parallel courses. Or-not function. Lets denote it by downwards arrow (Peirce arrow) ↓

- ESTP: The logic of negation of differentiation. Overcoming of the limit, of the barrier. Concentration, contraction. Focus on that which is least stable, most fragile. The logic of elimination, of destruction. Lets denote it by &gt;+


- INTP: Logic of anti-synthesis, of finalized stable systems. Finding the counterweight, the opposite pole. Isolation of "pure", non-overlapping parts. Anti-conjuction. And-not function. Denoted by upwards arrow ↑

- ENFP: Logic of anti-intergration. Dysfunctionality. Lets denote it by +&lt;

I for one, am very aware of the way my mind works and of its limitation. Even if you don't see it that way, I'm always open minded to any and all informations. Which is why, I can sometimes feel negatively about retarded shit thrown at me, because I consider them all the same. But still I listen because I know I don't have all the answers, I can only balance ideas and statistically see their huh... weight. So open mindness is important for my type I'd say. That's my anchor baby. 

Let's take another innocent example with the INFJ. **Logic of chance, lack of causalities. Anti-determinism. Natural violations of the hierarchy. Logic of associations. Function of anti-implication.**

Now it's great for you that you see yourself as such a rebel and all that. But it might be good for you to realize the obvious blind spot of your logic. Driving towards and wall and thinking very hard "THE WALL IS PETTY YOU'RE NOT THE BOSS OF ME" might not always work in your best interests.

Enjoy. :3

Forgot spacing sozHow could you tell who's a real ENTJ and what kind of divergences could you expect from this type? We need some way to identify them! Stereotypes are bad but how can we fight? Well if we are to fight stereotypes we need the right tools to do so!

Fear not, Socionics allows a large range of inner varieties through pseudo-types. Although it is kind of boring to study all of it, so I'll simply invite you to check on the types tend to personify. 



[Alpha](https://typevolution.files.wordpress.com/2016/12/bildschirmfoto-2016-12-11-um-17-11-31-1.jpg) (INTP,ESFJ,ENTP,ISFJ)

[Beta](https://typevolution.files.wordpress.com/2016/12/bildschirmfoto-2016-12-11-um-17-11-281.jpg) (INFJ,ESTP,ENFJ,ISTP)

[Gamma](https://typevolution.files.wordpress.com/2016/12/bildschirmfoto-2016-12-11-um-17-11-33.jpg) (INTJ,ESFP,ENTJ,ISFP)

[Delta](https://typevolution.files.wordpress.com/2016/12/bildschirmfoto-2016-12-11-um-17-11-35.jpg) (INFP,ESTJ,ENFP,ISTJ)

{The way you translate the socionics types to MBTI is like this. 

L or Logic = MBTI &gt; T; I or Intuition = MBTI N; E or Ethics = MBTI F; S or Sensing = MBTI S. 

The first two letters tell you the first two functions and the third tells you if the first function has an extroverted or introverted attitude. LIE becomes Logic Intruition so that T + I. E means that the T is Te and by default the I is introverted so Ni. You get Te-Ni which is the ENTJ.}

An ENTJ can indeed look (or behave if you prefer) like its stereotype but also kinda look like an ESTP, ESTJ, ENFP or even INFJ. 

An ENTJ with an ESTP pseudo type would probably look like Scott the asshole from Jeepers Creepers.

Same for ESTPs who can look like their stereotype but also ESFJ, ESFP, INTP or even ENTJ.

An ESTP with an ENTJ pseudo type (Code Name: Mommy) would look like the prosecutor Shin Hee-Min from While You Were Sleeping.

if you're confused and want to learn more, just read the [full article](https://typevolution.wordpress.com/2016/12/06/how-subtypes-create-pseudo-types/).I believe Finn from the new Star Wars is an ESFJ. I've had this hint since I've seen the movie because I could somehow relate it to an ESFJ friend of mine. I actually believe that Finn's struggles are common story archetype for ESFJs in general, but at the same time I lack data and would love any comparaison to assist this claim.

Anyways here's the parallels.

Dario blabla by tier from highest to lowest:

4 Imaginary Mimic, Sensitive Mediator, Precise Speaker

3 Factual Storekeeper, Visual Engineer, Purposeful Futurist

2 Flowing Artist, Deductive Analyst, Grounded Believer, Expert Classifier

1 Abstract Impressionist, Intuitive Listener, Strategic Gamer, Tactical Navigator

What I take from this, is that you get an individual who is very good at adapting to pretty much anything.

Tier 3 shows practicality. Well to be precise It's self practicality incarnated. I mean if I were to put a picture on this tier it would look like bookshelves being ordered in a way that would make sense for the librarian who is at your disposition to help you navigate and find whatever you want.

Tier 2 shows Expert Classifier, which somewhat low, so the library would be poorly (although not catastrophically) ordered from an outside perspective which could be compared to a organized chaos if you want. However it is enough to get a sense of what they're supposed to do or be because of Tier 4. It has flowing Artist, Deductive Analyst and Grounded Believer. These 3 are very important for individual qualities. Since they are not tier 1, you can say they are important still, it's just not the main way the ESFJ look at things. FA recalls the good times which is crucial for ESFJ to have if they wanna live a meaningful life, they need that anchor to root them and to seek it again. Finn doesn't have that because he's been kidnapped as a child. GB makes you remember what is important. Deductive Analyst is the reasoning chain that connect points, sounds fancy and all but really if you're able to actively see it in action you'l realize one thing. It *is* autistic stuborness. These 3 give you a sense of self through individual experiencing. 

Tier 4 shows adaptivity or malleability. Imaginary Mimic make you deduct on the context and mirror others' behavior. It is an extremely practical tool to have if you wanna fit somewhere. I would know I have nothing of it, it's Tier 1 for me and it fucking sucks not having it. Makes me look retarded everytime I wanna enter a new activity. Anyways you have that but then you have Sensitive Mediator which makes sure you correct yourself or that you're being corrected. Precise Speaker is perfect to understand and to be understood. This tier is all about being pushed into an odd situation and quickly getting a hand of it, at what you're supposed to do and so on.

Tier 1 is made of everything that makes the ESFJ naive. Bad at recognize the good guys from the bad guys (because of both AI and IL), bad at making choices (SG), bad at physical stuff (TN) 

The socionics description of the his logic is like this: 

&gt; ESFJ: The logic of inequalities, of lack of analogies and correspondences. Logic of heterogeneity that expresses the separateness of the two classes of phenomena. Lets denote this logical function with sign of crossed identities =/=

Basically this ultra adaptivity is flawed with a lack of personal intuitive perspective. So you get someone who gets himself into a position that is not suited for him only to endure it and make the best of what they can without having the possibility of imagining an alternative.

Finn keeps a low profile and tries not to stir any negative attention to himself. But deep down he is not confortable with what is happening around him. He's a soldier and he's not a killer. He's not really affiliated with anything because of all the above.

But he's also an enneagram 6 but he's not like typical 6's who like to create shit mythologies to feed on their paranoid compulsions. What he's doing is that he adapts himself to the least risky situations. 

2 quotes from William James:

&gt; "Action seems to follow feeling, but really action and feeling go together; and by regulating the action, which is under the more direct control of the will, we can indirectly regulate the feeling, which is not."

He's a terrified man who keeps running away until he manned up. This quote means "face your scary problems through actions you'll stop being afraid". 

&gt; "Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. Belief creates the actual fact."

This is what he had to learn the hard way. "Belief creates the actual fact." Believe in the force and in the resistance. Take a stand. ( T_T)/ Believe in yourself! 

But how can he do that with this disadvantageous circumstances? -Through a hero's journey.



[removed](you can ignore this part) I kinda feel the need to raise the bar to oppose this constant idea that typology is just for the heck of it and it holds no tangible value and thus we have remain as vague as possible in our conclusions. Especially because of those so called high IQ Ni dom types. Speak for yourself, potatohead. You're wrong. Your mind denies possibilities in favour of your obtuse Leading function and makes you ironically short sighted. Let a real visionnaire take over.

There's a hack that works on any types given that they possess enough understanding of typology and of themselves. 

The demonstrative function is a very strong function that we tend to devaluate. It's consciously untouched most of the time unless we're forced to value it for the sake of the auxiliary as a conscious excercice. 

The aux and demonstrative functions use different rings of information but at the same time they're linked together as one easily touch the other. The flaw is in the simple fact that one is valued over the other. For exemple, having demonstrative Ne I can easily find exemples or benefits to what my Ni values. Blablabla we (enlightened socionics adepts) understand that. But the demonstrative function is crucial in mapping our worldview. It's a freaking 4D function it's quite strong to say the least.

So let's put things into a picture... 

Imagine a very complex and polished watch with hundreds of gears, that watch is what you value. And for good reasons, it's a damn perfection of engineering. So much has been made for the sake of that watch, so many concepts and failed watches have been made only for the sake of this one. Right. Well it's still shit in comparaison to the hands which built it. Too bad you don't value these skilled hands because you don't care about what they can do unless these craft watches. 

Well... Unless you're trying to figure out something you don't know yet then it is valued. That's kind of my point. 

You must know that somewhere in the back of your head that there is a specific way that allows you to grow your most conscious skills.

How does a ISxP learn best? Hands on and through experienced repetition, that's demonstrative Si. 

What IxTJs do in their free time? Nerd out by studying various subjects. Basically building logical frameworks, that's Ti.

What do INxPs have to do to enlarge their horizons? Understand concepts, that's Ni.

We naturally do that but what I believe we tend to do is forget about it and abuse the auxiliary when we try to figure out something. Instead we should allow the nature of the demonstrative to clarify things for us. Instead of squeezing the last drops out of your sponge you should simply plunge it in water, if you want.

As an aux Ni I try to converge ideas as deeply as deeply as possible, taking a step forward. However at some point, forcing it further will serve no purpose. What I should do is the opposite and take a step backward as Ne is expanding.

You're an INFP and you're lost in possibilities? Try and focus on the concept behind things, once you really get your head around key factors you'll see them reflected in your conscious Ne. It's kind like the opposite, stop backing off in possibilities and take a step forwards to get a good look at what is going on. 

You're an INFJ and you think you know better than everyone else? Get fucked. You need to experience things from within before you can see them outside of yourself.

So keep that in mind because it IS important. I've seen so many people refusing to go about the natural flow of things to ultra focus on their auxiliary. I get that it's not easy to see the link between the theorical and the reality but trust me, this is a bane for so many people. I'm pretty fucking sure this is the source of so many behavioral disorders. 

I know an ESFJ who refuse to try anything new, she only allows typical Si behaviors. And not only does it fuck her life up because she focused only on various routines that don't really matter compared to more important ones but you can guess that this need for Se is found in other ways, such as hoarding shit.

Again it is natural for us to learn about things through the demonstrative function but it's not always evident to us that this is the best way to go about it. I know I understand best through exemples, literally spam me if conceptual exemples and eventually I'll have a very clear idea of what is what. That's something I try to keep in mind because forcing alternative ways will only take me so far and I don't want to waste my time in maddening futilities.

LOL it just occured to me that ENTPs are actually data sluts! **Obey** your Te overlord.I don't wanna ruin your day, so I feel the need to warn you that this post will contain heavy triggers. I'd like to bring clarity to what I believe is happening with the polemics we've had in the last years. Read at your own risks.

I'll start by briefly explain the thought process that lead me to this conclusions. The way I use and understand typology is fondamentaly a mix of Socionics and Dario's neuroscience of personality. It's a lot easier for me to start from very large ideas to get a better grasp at the details and these 2 over systems perfectly match one another.  

Dario's give us a very simple overview of what is actually happening in the brain each types. It might not seem like much but [this page](http://savipra.com/post/69436625479/dario-nardis-neuroscience-of-personality) is pure gold when it comes to completely a better understanding inside of typology. 

But today I'd like to mostly talk about two parts of the brain that I believe are the base of how we shape society. These are Grounded Believer and Sensitive Mediator.

&gt; Grounded Believer: Gets active when you say what’s important to you in life. Helps guide our speech and recall detail about the things we consider important. Ignores context, so provides cross-contextual beliefs and details.

&gt; Sensitive Mediator: This region contains “mirror neurons.” When we use this region, we focus on others’ judgments regarding the appropriateness of our behavior. This region actively encourages us to change out behavior by providing feelings of embarrassment and possibly shame. Can also be activated when we wonder what others are thinking of us.

You could think that one Fi and the other is Fe but that is not accurate at all. To break it down simply I'll give you the tiers of importance or how much each types use them. If it's tier 1, you'd barely ever hear it, but you would still though. Tier 4 you'll bore you with it, no doubt it.

&amp;nbsp;

Grounded Believer:

Tier 1: ESTP, ISFJ.

Tier 2: ENTP, ESFJ, ENFJ, ISTP, INTJ.

Tier 3: ENFP, ISFP, INTP.

Tier 4: ESFP, ESTJ, ENTJ, INFJ, ISTJ, INFP.

So you don't know if someone is either an INTJ or an ENTJ? Simple, INTJs have tier 2 Grounded Believer and ENTJs have a tier 4. If you hear Elon Musk or Jordan Peterson, you'll hear this constant need to direct the conversation to what is important. It's freaking obvious when you know where to look, really. Now listen to Marlyn Manson and you'll hear mostly an explaination to what is but not so much on what is right or wrong or what should be done or what kind of approach needs to be taken. And it's not related to being an Ni dom because INFJs have a tier 4 Grounded Believer, they also have a tier 3 Sensitive Mediator, hence the whole martyr archetype but we'll come back to it.

&amp;nbsp;

Sensitive Mediator:

Tier 1: ESTP, ESFP, ENTJ, INTP.

Tier 2: ENTP, ESTJ, ISFP, INTJ, ISTP, INFP.

Tier 3: ENFP, INFJ.

Tier 4: ESFJ, ENFJ, ISTJ, ISFJ.

So if you ever wonder if certain types feel any shame in acting the way they do, now you know. They don't. Or barely.

It expalins a lot of things actually. Why are ISTJs so stoic? They're literally smashed between strong feelings of shame and strong principles.

&amp;nbsp;

These two can sometimes be seen as the same thing but they're not at all. Listen to Justin Trudeau [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwHwD58R9cg), the questions basically touch on a Grounded Believer point of view and he answers through a Sensitive Mediator angle.

He concludes as if Sensitive Mediator was the only aspect in this thematic. "Despite being discriminated blablabla people have done well." It's completely beside the point, son. If you hold the value that the west should burn in flames for all eternity it's not going to go away because people treat you nicely or not. In his ENFJ point of view, he sees no difference between GB and SM because this type shapes itself mostly based on other people's expectations. 

This reflects perfectly the kind of deficiency we have in our society. If you live in the west or worst, like in some parts of europe where everything revolves around shame you're going to see this form of degeneration. It's the age of acceptance and people have no fucking clue what kind of principles they are to live by. They're only fed this constant shame. Or worst, they're not shamed enough.

If you're an ENFJ and you have this freaking Tier 4 Sensitive Mediator and whatever you do, you find your parents and community to be overly accepting, you're bound to see problems appear. It's like an organ that needs to be used, it's itching constantly and nobody wants to put anything in it. Call it a need to be validated or humiliated or whatever. The point is that well... Oopsies maybe giving a certain direction to shame is not necessarily a bad thing... ~~It's that or make BDSM mandatory for types who have high Sensitive Mediator.~~

&amp;nbsp;

What happens is that people look for these two aspects to be satisfied. And since they can't find anything, they dig deep.

Unfortuntaly they're not digging large. Because we already have found the greatest evil there is. No it's not greed, or any sins. You already know what it is. Its seed has been implanted in your psyche all of your life. How do you win an argument? Who was the worst person to ever live? That's right, it's nazism. Nazis were the absolute evil. Bad guys? Sometimes Russians, sometimes middle easterns but nothing will ever beat this old trick!

So, now that we have this figured out, what do we do? Well we go to its opposite. It's not "what would Jesus do". It's "what would Hitler have done?" And then it's easy from there, all you have to do is go to its antipode.

We fucked ourselves deep here because we can't value anything that gives us a sense of pride as an ethnic group. That's what Hilter wanted, we can't go there. Well at least not publicly. People see Trump elected and can't possibly conceive, why. 

"RACISTS ALL OF THEM!" 

Most countries that aren't part of the west favour their own people first but somehow voting to put Americans first is simply unconceivable. Why would the default choice be the opposite? Because Hilter. Because I need to be brought down on my knees and humiliated. And since I can't value myself because of Hitler. I choose to value everything else but me.

Before we had religion to give us both elements of shame (Christianity is pretty good at that) and principles. But now we don't need religion anymore because we're too smart and as a result we're all freaking lost because we're left with nothing. No wonder you see these extremes where on one side you have people who are absolutely opposed to religion and on the other those who fight so hard to maintain it.

That's the real potential of indepth typology. Not that this couldn't be understood without it but now you have clear and quantifiable means to understand people. If there is a huge chunk of your brain that is meant to be used a certain way but you can't find anything to entertain it, you get third wave feminism. 

&amp;nbsp;

Anyways if we are to reach a new modern age, this problem will have to be adressed. There's no way around it. Letting people do whatever they want is not good enough. I'll conclude with these words...

"Sometimes, truth isn't good enough. Sometimes people deserve more. Sometimes people deserve to have their faith rewarded."Easy, they're all SPs. Jisoo ESTP, Jennie ISTP, Rosé ISFP, Lisa ESFP.[removed]
Sounds like an obvious INFP to me lol 

Just based on my friend. It's basically all the same qualities. 

Quiet 

"Always right"

In leadership positions, but hate it. (He starts a charity club, but doesn't like being the leader or coordinating activities). 

In groups can be quite involved talkative to be respectful, not really because he wants to. 

Although he says something like "you don't have to talk to be involved in the conversation". 


The OCD qualities of people not touching his stuff. Has things ALWAYS tidy. Cleans dishes at other people's houses (WTF? stop you make me look bad) 


The real kicker I think is "being nice to people because it's logical and you'll get stuff down" the line. As an ENTJ, I honestly don't think this. I'm rarely nice because it'll help me. I'd rather not do it if I don't have to. Especially if that involves maintaining relationship with said person. 

INFP's have an inclination to want to help. 

The creative photoshopping of Clint, Trump (politicians) gives it away. It's a very Fi thing, but not Se, rather creative and having to do with patterns rather than some sort of visual appeal I suppose. Although ISFP's can do this sort of thing too, I feel as if that's a more INFP style thing. 

Ambivert is a meh. INFP's social skills tend to be good if they feel a necessity to develop them. Has nothing to do with being talkative or quiet. I honestly have poor social skills or don't like to use them at all with people who I will feel will waste my time in the future. 

Why not INFJ? They don't care about symbolism as much. "What does that represent" is such a Fi thing. Exploring ideas, a Ne thing. Ni likes to converge, predict something, tie everything together - think 'conspiracy theorists'. 

God, I hate INFP(s). :P  So annoying, but at least they will bother you in a polite way. Lucky, they married their duals. Actually pretty common ime My answers seem to have gotten hate. I'll give you a conspiracy theory.


ENTJ in inferior Fi, so you seem like an ISFP.


The not being able to deal with anticipating pressure is stereotypically ISFP behavior.


You can only know yourself relative to how other people are, that's why you have so many problems with what you want to do. You don't know enough about the world and haven't created a concrete sense of beliefs (like I said Fi inferior).


I think you can do anything you put your mind to. Creating methods to get what you want. 


Anyways not going to reply, just going to leave a response because I think I'm right. Just more contemplations in the end right? 


I've role played using functions of other types for a very long time. We use each one based on personal experience. It's more of what cognitive functions do you value the most that determibe your type. What functions are you the best at using: T's are usually good at using Te/Ti, S's at Se/Si and so on... That's why the "I'm an NF" style of typing whether you're an I or E or N or S or T or F can work. 


Which do you REALLY care about. Fi seems like a given with these philosophical projections you put out, Te is a given then. Se and Ni too more so, but you seem to value Ne too. Of course there are subtypes in types too. So I'll say you're ENTJ-Ni


Inb4 bs you don't understand anything, that disagrees with my framework of jungian typology. Yeah it probably does. I made up a lot of it.


I think you seem a bit idealistic, don't have a good sense of how much effort things will take (lack of Se). "I wanted to be a video game designer artist, but it seemed like it would take too long to get a full time job". I think Se types are pretty aware that this would take a long ass time (mastery is forever, pick 1) and actually choose one.


Fuck it i typed all this out, hope it helps or not lol
I'll do it.I've pretty sure Filthy Frank is also an ENTP - I just can't imagine any other type doing the shit he does. MAYBE ESTP, but I'm leaning towards Ne.I think that Simon, from Lord of the Flies, is a good example of an INFJ. Some people say Daenerys Targaryen from A Song of Ice and Fire is an INFJ, though I disagre and lean towards INFP much more. Melisandre, Doran Martell and Bran Stark definitely strike me as INFJs, though. Both, I think. Frank is a character, so he's clearly going to be absurd and exaggerated as the stereotype of a loathsome internet troll. Joji is a person, so he's going to be less of a stereotype, but I still think he's an ENTP. He definitely has better Fe, from what I'm hearing in the Anthony Fantano interview, and he's actually quite conscientious, but I still definitely think he's an NT, and my money's on ENTP. After all, he did have to think of this bizarre setting for Pink Guy and Filthy Frank, but it's still internally logical, and I've always thought that XNTPs are great at that.Yeah, he's obviously a pretty smart guy - my father is an INTP, and if you peel back the vomit/animal carcass humor from Frank's stuff and look at the bizarre injections of existentialism, they'd have the same sense of humor. Ne+Ti is hilarious to see in action. I think we're in agreement here.[I think this is the best for ENTPs.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NfBvmiyu_o)

Probably NSFW and life.All of her functions. 

Fi: Her sense of morality and caring for others is rooted within, and she does it in her own way - she won't just accept the conditions of Slaver's Bay and she gets herself sidetracked in it due to her own refusal to let people suffer. As well, her conclusion of "a dragon plants no tress" at the end of ADWD is rooted in her own perspective on how she should be in the world, and very much an Fi thing.

Ne: She's fairly good at finding and maximizing opportunities in the external world, such as screwing over the slave masters when she buys the Unsullied from them or deciding to place the dragon eggs in the bonfire.

Si: Her whole belief that the Iron Throne belongs to her is rooted in her brother telling it to her for the entirety of their lives, and she's not good at breaking out of the lies told to her regarding her father being a terrible king and the rebels not being evil people. 

Te: Her Te is weak in that she doesn't make the most pragmatic decisions when fighting her war with the slave masters or dealing with the bloody flux - she feeds its victims despite the food shortage and the likelihood of its victims dying anyways.Yeah, my main problem with typing her as an INFJ was that one of Daenerys' flaws as a leader is that she doesn't always plan for the long term, and as a result got herself stuck in Slaver's Bay when her real objective is in Westeros. I wasn't really seeing enough Si for her to be an ISFJ, so I looked about finding what type I think worked better. 

I think you could argue for ISFP, which includes some weaker Ni, but I just can't see somebody with main Ni losing track of their goals in the way she did, and Te is clearly her inferior function from her placing idealism ahead of pragmatism. Stannis Baratheon actually reminds me a lot of Walter White from Breaking Bad, in that he's an INTJ who outwardly acts, seems, and has even convinced himself that he's a straightforward, dutiful ISTJ. However, Stannis doesn't really hold onto tradition and honor nearly as much as he acts like he does - kinslaying is a massive taboo in Westeros, but he sees through it and assassinates Renly, knowing that it'll save thousands of lives and get him closer to his goals. His depressed crash in A Storm of Swords strikes me much more related to Se than anything else - he can't see any possibilities around him and has given up on even exerting his authority on Dragonstone (giving up on Te due to his depression). But when Davos shows him the way forward he's able to recover and becomes a king actually worth following as he starts protecting his people from the Wildlings and Others, which none of the other kings cared about. 

There's a theory that's quite popular in the ASOIAF community called the Night Lamp, and there are a bunch of detailed, extensive essays written [here](https://cantuse.wordpress.com/2014/05/23/the-night-lamp-an-alternative-strategy-for-the-siege-of-winterfell/) on it. In short, Stannis has created a plan for how he's going to take the North from the Boltons, who possess an overwhelming military advantage over him, and that he's going to first destroy a Bolton force sent to attack him and then fake his own death to trick the Boltons to leave Winterfell entirely to deal with other threats. The depth of the scheming and planning is something I'd expect of an INTJ far more than an ISTJ, and [these](https://cantuse.wordpress.com/2014/09/30/the-king-with-two-faces/) [two](https://cantuse.wordpress.com/2014/06/03/stannis-the-utilitarian/) essays sums up how Stannis has a far more nuanced approach to justice and diplomacy than people realize.


Moving over to other characters, I think that INTP could fit for Varys, though he's really hard to figure out. He's more restrained than Tyrion, hence introversion, but I could also see INFJ due to his abstract ideas of 'the realm' and emotional connections to people like Aegon, who he's trying to crown.

I think Theon is an ESFP, since his functions fit fairly well - he charmed women and slept around at Winterfell (Se), but was deeply hurt by his family's treatment of him (Fi), he failed rather awesomely at holding Winterfell and keeping order (Te) and seemingly didn't think through the fact that once he had the castle he was surrounded by thousands of angry Stark bannermen (Ni). 

Jon Snow definitely has a lot of both Fi and Te, and I think he's an ISTJ. Much of what he does is ruled by his internalized memories, leading him to remember both Ned's lessons of honor and the Wildling perspective on life (Si), he's able to work reasonably well in the structure of the Night's Watch (up until the end, that is. Te), he has a strong drive to help and save people which he applies when making decisions as Lord-Commander (Fi), and I'd actually say that he's got pretty good Extroverted Intuition - he thinks of various ways to run the Night's Watch in winter, such as hiring glassblowers to create greenhouses for gardening, and he's open-minded about how Wildlings and his brothers in the Watch see things due to Tyrion pointing out his massive social privilege in the first book.

Yeah, the Battle of the Bastards was fun, I guess, but I just can't see Jon from the books being dumb enough to fall into Ramsay's trap. Stannis and Jon are two very sharp guys in the books - Stannis in particular - but their show incarnations seem far less intelligent. I can't wait to see Stannis wreck the Freys and Boltons in TWOW.Regarding Stannis, one of the big things with him is that his ideas of duty and justice come from an internal, where he prefers making small compromises to allow himself to fulfill his duty and create justice in the big picture. This way of thinking with long term goals is much more of an Ni thing, where immediate compromises (pardoning the lords who sided with Renly so he can take the throne and enact his vision of a just kingdom) allow for more good in the long run. He's commonly compared with Ned Stark, who I think is an ISTJ, who is very much caught in his own standards and idealism (Si), and refuses to violate them and do the 'dishonorable' thing of telling Robert about Jaime and Cersei's incest, because it would cause Robert to have the three kids killed, and causes him to take a risky bet of warning Cersei to leave and then trusting Littlefinger, leading to a war in which tens, or hundreds of thousands are killed. This shows why I consider Ned to be a good example of an ISTJ - he does things in the way of the Northern honor taught to him (Si, like Jon), making logical, if naive, plans (Te), based off of his strong internal sense of morality (Fi), but leaving him unable to accept easy alternatives that aren't in line with how he's set in his ways due to Si and Fi.

I'd just like to make a note here about Fi in TJs. Among healthier ones, it's actually quite important in the decision-making process, where it's used to create a vision for what you want to do, which is then pragmatically planned towards using Te and the other functions. You can see it in Stannis, Jon, Davos and Ned, all of whom are I_TJs who put great value upon morality, and their own views on it dictate their actions. They go about it with varying degrees of pragmatism (Ned as the most idealistic, Davos and Jon in the middle, and Stannis having a rather extreme utilitarian view). Evil __TJs like Emperor Palpatine and Tywin Lannister, with warped Fi putting themselves and those they value on top of the burning corpses of everyone they don't care about, tend to stereotype the rest of us as evil. We're not - we just value reality and want to go about things effectively.

Next is Varys. I agree about INFJ. There's a theory that he and Aegon VI are both actually Blackfyres, with Varys knowing while Aegon thinks he's a true Targaryen. The theory basically states that while Varys seems to have no desire or love due to being a eunuch, he has actually been doing all of his plotting in order to help his family and loved ones, such as Aegon. This sort of plotting, with a debatable noble goal, but gone too far to the point of causing thousands of deaths, seems like the exact sort of thing a tragic INFJ would do, so I agree with you here.

I think that Theon's concern for how others see him stems from insecurity about his identity. He's too much like the Starks to fit with the Greyjoys, but he was too much of a Greyjoy to be accepted in the Starks, and this isolation has caused him to spend his time womanizing and trying to drown his sorrows in immediate pleasures.

You've actually convinced me about Brienne being an ISFP. I'd never put much thought into her type beyond agreeing with other people on her being an ISTJ, but her placing honour and duty first, coupled with an excellent eye for what's immediately around her (such as dropping a boulder on a ship pursuing them in ASOS) scream Fi and Se, and the massive aimlessness of her wandering in the Riverlands ("I'm looking for a maid of three and ten" ad nauseum) are weaker Ni and Te. You know, I swear that all of the stupid ENTJ Disney/Star Wars villains have convinced everybody that all Te consists of is stomping on puppies and small children.

That's 24.57% of it, tops.1. ISTP, ENTJ, ESFJ
2. ENFP, INTP, ISFJ
3. ESTP, ENTP, INFJ
4. ISTJ, INTJ, INFP
5. ESFP, ESTJ, ENFJ
6. ESTP, INTJ, ISFP
7. ESTJ, ENTP, ENFJ
8. ESFP, INFJ, INFP
9. ENTJ, INTP, ISTJ
10. ISTP, INTJ, ENFP
11. ESFJ, ENTP, ISFP
12. ISFJ, ESTP, INFP

I don't like Feelers.ENTJ.

I used to play soccer as a central defender, but now the only sport I do is long distance running, 3-4 times per week. I've enjoyed watching professional soccer and hockey with friends, and my family enjoys watching the EUROs and World Cup together.You sound like an ENFP or INFP - you're centered around your moral values (Fi) before anything else, but like new opportunities and don't stick at things for long periods of time (Ne).I'd probably want two other Thinkers, either from the other Rationals, or the XSTPs. XSTJs are great, but I'd probably butt heads with them, while I get along with the other Thinking types pretty well. I'd probably pick something like an ISTP and INTJ/INTP.Mother: ENFP
Father: INTP
Sister: INFJ
Self: ENTJ

God, that pissed me off. No, she's just being a bitch to a guy trying to do his job. People like her need to get the shit kicked out of them, though I applaud the driver for having the restraint not to do it.ENTP: Mark Watney

INTP: Abed Nadir, though he's a bit of a weird one. Doctor Manhattan, as theletos says, might be a better overall example.

INTJ: Walter White

ENTJ: Tywin Lannister

ESTP: Jack Merridew, Lord of the Flies

ISTP: James Bond

ESTJ: Raymond Holt

ISTJ: Ned Stark

ENFP: Ralph, from Lord of the Flies

INFP: Daenerys Targaryen

ENFJ: ~~Leslie Knope.~~ (ESFJ)

INFJ: Simon, also Lord of the Flies.

ESFP: Job Bluth

ISFP: Jesse Pinkman

ESFJ: Skyler White

ISFJ: Catelyn StarkNo I disagree therefore I put her as ENFJ?

Besides, the characters in most sitcoms are written by a whole bunch of different writers, so they jump between different personalities based on who's writing each episode. Well, in her political run she refuses to run an attack ad on the other guy even though it's both fully deserved and the best course of action given how much funding they have. She's also emotional and more focused on caring for people despite the lack of practicality, like when she runs events they can't afford when Pawnee was going bankrupt. 

I could see her as a bunch of other Feeling types due to the aforementioned lack of solid characterization, but there's no way she's an ESTJ.My point wasn't that ESTJs lack moral scruples - far to the opposite, actually. The election was between her and a guy that would be a corrupt pawn for a corporation, so as a Te-dom I'd argue that an attack ad that states nothing but facts about the guy was perfectly justified. However, Leslie sympathized with him and didn't want to hurt him, even though it was badly detrimental to their campaign. That's definitely not the sort of decision a Te-dom that cares about their community's welfare makes - that's Fe not wanting to hurt a decent, if entitled, guy used as a pawn by a corporation.Yeah, I actually think you're right on this one. The characters in Parks and Recreation (and a lot of sitcoms in general) are inconsistent between episodes and writers, but I think that ESFJ fits better than ENFJ. I partially put her as ENFJ because I couldn't think of another and she seemed to roughly fit, but I think ESFJ is more correct.People love to hate on ESTJs and ISTJs, but they're the two types that society would collapse without. Thinking is more persuasive to Thinkers, Feeling is more persuasive to Feelers. It's pretty simple.Fe and Fi when not balanced by other functions, though for different reasons.

Fe pisses me off because it's hypersensitive and is either looking for somebody to comfort or something to get offended over, in the negative experiences I've had with FJs. There are plenty of times when I've just been sitting quietly by myself thinking, and then some FJ comes over to me and hassles me about why I'm "in a bad mood" when I'd just rather sit alone and think, until I'm in a legit bad mood from the harassment. In its bad moments, Fe can be smothering in a self-indulgent way for whoever possesses it, requiring everybody to be 100% involved and on the exact same emotional wavelength, even when people doing their own thing aren't hurting anybody else, and this irritates me. 

On the Fi front, among its less mature users I've seen a substantial rigidity in their beliefs and tender sensitivity to any sort of questioning of them. Many immature FPs that I've known simply can't be debated with, either getting violently angry when they're disagreed with or being in outright denial when presented with evidence that contradicts their beliefs. 

Of course, something that needs to be said here is that these are behaviors I dislike that I attribute to the two functions, and generally only occur in people with unhealthy/immature Fe/Fi, and I'm by no means claiming that all Feelers, or even a majority, act like this. The examples I'm bringing up are of the less healthy users of each function using them unhealthily and don't represent the function as a whole.1) ENTJ. Sometimes I wonder if I'm an INTJ, but I'm mostly sure about being an Extrovert.

2) 17.

3) My father is an INTP, my mother is an ENFP.

4) Still in highschool, though I'm hoping to study business at university, as well as economics and history, which both interest me. 

5) No.

6) No. I don't particularly like or want children at the moment, though everybody tells me that's going to change when I reach thirty, so I'm keeping an open mind.

7) No.

8) No.

9) At the moment, my favorite TV shows are probably Breaking Bad, Better Call Saul, and Bojack Horseman. What I like about them (and other media I like) is the focus on characters, all of whom are complex and believable people. 

10) I've always been an atheist. There's just no proof for any sort of god, so I feel no need to believe in one. Yeah, basically all of them are shitty people, but that's what makes them all so interesting to watch. Great show.Probably NTs in general. My closest friends have always been INTJs, INTPs and ENTPs.Q: What happens when you tell a Thinker you're thirsty?

A: They get you a glass of water.

Q: What happens when you tell a Feeler you're thirsty?

A: They say that they know what you're going through and that if you need to talk about it, they're there for you.You forgot the [atheism](https://www.google.ca/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.askideas.com%2Fmedia%2F04%2FIm-not-scared-of-dying-because-Im-an-atheist.-I-wont-...-Because-Ill-be-f%25C3%25B9ckin-dead..jpg&amp;imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.askideas.com%2Ftag%2Fatheist-quotes%2F&amp;docid=SgK6Ttnz1v_-QM&amp;tbnid=cpHEuFNMvmVaAM%3A&amp;w=640&amp;h=352&amp;safe=strict&amp;bih=979&amp;biw=1920&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjot6Lhi7bOAhUUTWMKHc46ARkQMwgqKAwwDA&amp;iact=mrc&amp;uact=8), [Nietzsche](https://www.google.ca/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fs-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com%2F236x%2F6d%2Ffa%2F85%2F6dfa85cc8754a20060319fcad4b7d68c.jpg&amp;imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.pinterest.com%2Fexplore%2Fnietzsche-quotes%2F&amp;docid=c6qLEpFQmqjyQM&amp;tbnid=WVDCqPxoT6spOM%3A&amp;w=236&amp;h=256&amp;safe=strict&amp;bih=979&amp;biw=1920&amp;ved=0ahUKEwjZ9aLpi7bOAhUNyWMKHcORDi8QMwgcKAAwAA&amp;iact=mrc&amp;uact=8), [Ayn Rand](http://weneedfun.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/ayn-rand-quotes-12.jpg) and general [Libertarian](http://www.reallibertymedia.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/RonPaulWar.jpg) quotes.Walt: INTJ

Skyler: ESFJ. She's down to earth, good at working with details, and cares for those around her. 

Jesse: XSFP 

Hank: ESTJ

Saul: ENTP 

Gus: INTJ

Mike: ISTP

Gale: INFP/INTP

Tuco: ESTPOK, here's my take.

Bojack: ENTP

Princess Carolyn: ESTJ

Diane: INTJ

Mr. Peanutbutter: ESFP

Todd Chavez: ISFP

Sarah Lynn: ESFP

Kelsey: ESTJ

Herb: ENXPThere was a similar thread a month ago, so here's an adjusted version of what I put down there.


ENTP: Mark Watney

INTP: Abed Nadir, though he's a bit of a weird one. Doctor Manhattan, as theletos says, might be a better overall example.

INTJ: Walter White

ENTJ: Tywin Lannister

ESTP: Jack Merridew, Lord of the Flies

ISTP: James Bond

ESTJ: Raymond Holt

ISTJ: Ned Stark

ENFP: Ralph, from Lord of the Flies

INFP: Daenerys Targaryen

ENFJ: Margaery Tyrell

INFJ: Simon, also Lord of the Flies.

ESFP: GOB Bluth

ISFP: Jesse Pinkman

ESFJ: Leslie Knope

ISFJ: Catelyn Stark

EDIT: GOB's name was misspelled. In the books, Daenerys is a pretty reliable INFP. On the show her characterization seems to drift a lot more.I've always seen his functions as fitting ESTP much better. In his POV chapter we see him totally tuned into his surroundings and nothing else, and he has a general focus on hunting, violence, and ruling via force, which are pretty standard unhealthy Se traits in a leader. He's alright at quick-fixes to problems such as people wanting food, and therefore hunting (Ti), but he has very unhealthy Fe, shown in how he's much better at managing his public image to fit the desires of the other boys, and how he torments Piggy. Ni is his biggest weakness, because he totally abandons any sense of long-term thinking when he stops working on the signal fire and creates the forest fire to try and force Ralph out of hiding, but torching their only food supply (the fruit trees) in the process.

A Te-dom wouldn't have the same fixation on physical pleasures, like hunting, having auxiliary Si, he would acknowledge the value in getting off of the island and the importance of the signal fire. Thanks.

You've got a point, and the LOTF characters are definitely metaphors for various roles and perspectives in society. Still, I think that you can associate a Myers-Briggs type with them, because they still are characters with defined personalities and actions. I can't see it, but if you can provide an explanation for why, I'd be willing to hear it.Did we read the same books? She spends the whole of ADWD indecisively trying to resolve the conflict with the slavers, having lost her momentum and drive forward, and is **fully** indecisive the whole time, taking child hostages to try and stop the Sons of the Harpy from killing people but then refusing to follow through and kill the hostages when the killings continue. That's a perfect example of low Te failing to assert itself. Daenerys' philosophical musings and occasional skills of trickery, such as how she acquired her Unsullied troops, account for Ne, and she constantly thinks back to her upbringing with Viserys and him insisting on them being the "blood of the dragon" and her needing to take Westeros back, despite her not having much internal desire for it.

There's just no way that somebody with dominant Ni could get bogged down so badly, so far from their ultimate objective. As well, an XNXJ would've thought about the next step after liberating Astapor and Meereen, which Daenerys failed to do.

EDIT: And what's wrong with ENTJ/INTJ typings?Ni moment: Reading an interesting writing prompt, thinking of a funny idea, and writing half of my story before being satisfied with leaving the rest undone because I've got the story fully worked out in my mind and actually having it written out is irrelevant.Filthy Frank. Perfect example of an ENTP.ENTJ. My best friends have always been other NTs, though mostly INTP/INTJ. Couldn't really pick between those two, though it might be INTJ.Current: ENTJ

Other Extroverted: ENTP

Introverted: INTJ or ISTP. Probably INTJ.I'm not one of those "fuck everybody but me and my friends" idiots that you'll see posturing on Tumblr who can't get over themselves and how they're *so totally* ENTJs. Which they might be, for all I know, but that doesn't mean they're not idiots. This is just general advice, but nobody's going to read this unless you format it to be readable. Break it up into paragraphs and you'll probably get some more responses.

As well, it doesn't seem like you've read about the functions. The INFP uses Fi-Ne-Si-Te, and the INFJ uses Ni-Fe-Ti-Se. Read up on what those are and which fit you the best and you'll have a better idea of what type you are.Everybody wants to be an Intuitive. INTJ and INFJ, in my opinion, have it the worst.
Nope. One's an INTJ, but there are basically zero ENTJ protagonists in fiction.I suppose it would be more accurate to say that two of my favorites are INTJs. One is Stannis Baratheon from A Song of Ice and Fire, the other is Ozymandias from Watchmen. Stannis is basically one of the heroes, though he's intensely flawed, but is by no means one of the main protagonists of the series. Ozymandias is... up to interpretation, but is also definitely not the main protagonist of the story. I've seen a lot more FP protagonists than TJs and a lot more TJ antagonists than FPs - I'm pretty sure most people would agree. OK, this might just be me being an idiot, but assuming that women get pregnant at equal rates throughout the year, wouldn't it make sense for each of the four seasons to have 25% of births?Most Universally Likable: ENTP. 

Most Universally Unlikeable: ENTJ, or at least the people I see on the internet typing themselves as ENTJs - they can't get over how ruthless and pragmatic and hardworking they think they are. I doubt that most of these people are actually ENTJs, but despite me being an ENTJ, I find the stereotype of being a dick and not caring to be tiring, but commonly repeated.

Most Universally Misunderstood: ESTJ. The thing about Te-doms is that Te comes naturally to us and we're generally pretty good with it. People just love to stereotype all micromanaging and dickish authority figures as ESTJs. 

Most Universally Socially Unaware: INTJ.

Most Universally Funny: ENTP

Most Universally Serious: ISTJ

Most Universally Focused: ISTJ

Most Universally Unfocused:ENFPI think this fits TJs of all stripes, but having a problem that you can fix, but not doing anything about it and just complaining. Te's very good at seeing a problem, investigating it for a while and then finding a solution. When you're resistant to fixing a problem when there's a clear solution, you'll probably irritate us quite a bit.INTP father, ENFP mother. ...you realize that the post itself is marked as being "for fun" and including stereotypes, right? It's making fun of the types and stereotypes about all of them. Take it less seriously.I'm plenty competitive, sure, but most ENTJs I've met or seen online need to chill the fuck out. Very, very little.I watched the first minute and I can already tell she's not an ESTJ. Or a TJ at all, actually. I've got plenty of TJ friends, and none of us would:

1. Immediately bring up 'having a ton of emotions' about anything in the first minute of a discussion/video.

2. Be anywhere this enthusiastic. Te has a way of ~~crushing your emotions~~ mellowing you out. 

3. Immediately start talking about how a type would get along with others. That's pretty much the first thing she has to say about ISTPs. Te is about getting things done, not managing everybody's emotions - this is pretty much the last thing we'd talk about.

She's an ESFJ that wants to be special. My family's an interesting example of this.

INTP father, ENFP mother, INFJ daughter, and ENTJ son (me). 

Letters-wise, the kids got the middle letters of the parent of their gender, the parent of the opposite gender's intro/extraversion, and Judging rather than Perceiving. 

Functions-wise (what actually matters), we got the same order of raw function as the parent of our gender but flipped in terms of intro/extraversion. For example, there's my Ti-Ne-Si-Fe father, and Te-Ni-Se-Fi me.  

So, I don't think that this is some sort of universal rule, and there's more to personality than genetics, but I'd say that Intuition and Sensing are the most likely ones passed down - Intuitive parents likely have Intuitive children, Sensing parents have Sensing children. Still, considering how shaky MBTI can be, I'd say this is more of a tendency than a rule.Can't take this shit seriously. My ENFP mother is the single most closed-minded person I've ever met, by FAR. Being any type just means you use that function ~~steak~~ stack - nothing more.I don't know about Sun Tzu, but I'd agree about Yi being an ISTJ. The Si-dominance is clear for him, with strong Technical leadership and an Fi moral center. 

If it's a naval battle, Yi wins ~100% in my opinion. Don't know as much about Sun Tzu, but because Yi was primarily an admiral, I'd expect the land battle to lean towards the former.I agree with /u/sailingthesasseas about XXTJs generally not being great at improvisation - the functions lend themselves more to prior planning and decision-making. However, I'd say that ENTJs are likely the best of them, due to having reasonable Se. 

When comparing them to ENTPs, I think that it depends. I think that when it comes to playing people, ENTPs are better due to their Fe, with Ne and Ti being used to supplement. ENTJ functions lend themselves more to rapid decision-making and leadership. Se keeps up with what's going on, Te hammers out the most effective logical decision, and Ni keeps them aware of the long-term. This isn't to say the ENTP will be significantly worse - they're going to be pretty good at it too - but I think the ENTJs pull a bit ahead. When it comes to improvising a speech or dealing with a person, though, I think ENTPs have the advantage. I can only speak for Filthy Frank and iDubbbz, but I think they're ENTP and ISTP, respectively. I could see Ian as any of the XXTPs, though. Well, this is basically a testament to why there aren't any good Feeler comedians. &gt;no one thinks about utilitarian ethics before one goes to shopping or the movies.

I guess I'm the odd one out. It's Te-heavy, but with the sort of idiotic, black-and-white Te reasoning you'd only see from somebody with it as a low function. Just as important is the phrasing - no TJ is going to be this absurdly passive aggressive, and angry, but in a smiley, really aggravating way. 

Another one is them saying contraceptives are a waste of resources, which implies they have absolutely no idea how the economy works.  All in all, definitely a Feeler, probably an FP, quite likely ISFP/INFP in my opinion. 
Rationality, Orderliness, Playfulness.

Yeah, that's reasonably accurate.With the intent of compassion but a certain inevitable degree of frustration, please have some unsolicited advice from an internet stranger: *channel your aggression into worthy ends,* do not deny it, turn it inward, or let it consume you. It can build worthy things and help people if you only cease fighting yourself.Editing this later to include a video link, but for now have explanations from the viewpoint of a hypothetical 'generic ENTJ':

**Primary Te:** I am in a situation. There is an objective. I will rationally observe the causes and effects relevant to the objective within *this particular situation* and use that understanding to complete the objective. Nothing else matters.

**Auxiliary Ni:** I have a vision of possible futures based on the data I have absorbed. This vision will help me solve problems with Te in a strategic way so as to bring about the particular future I want - it's a means to an end, in other words, but I enjoy thinking along these lines as well.

**Tertiary Se:** If I'm going to solve problems and build futures, I need to have a clue about what is going on. If I pay attention to the world I can tell how well that's going. Also, I viscerally enjoy impressive-appearing things. Bonus points if I personally get to assume the material trappings of success, prestige, or respect.

**Inferior Fi:** I confine my feelings to various boxes for various reasons. Sometimes it's simpler to have a few basic categories and not examine them beyond that. Sometimes the mission is just more important than the neurotransmitter soup in my skull. I'm driven by my passions, but I don't quite understand how other types can handle constant questioning of what they like and what they care about.

Edit: [Video by Michael Pierce.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JVX0BXxj2Q)The music is *so good.* :D

^Surgery, ^surgery!


Still need to actually see the movie, but based on what I have heard from others and read about it I would enjoy it.Huh. I make lists in conversation, but I assumed that had more to do with the leanings that once upon a time got me typed as ISTJ. Interesting. 

Also, I use "Anyway" so frequently that I've recently made a mental note to cut back.I regularly steal the first half your list. :PSuch beautiful contrast between the tone of your list and your username.[In a word, no.](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq)I'll speak to breaking up with an ENTJ in general.

First recommendation: take a particular mindset, one of "I have made this decision and I will explain why". The ENTJ will want to know why. They may try to argue with your points. Stand firm on things you find unacceptable, say that you have made your decision and that the time for corrective measures has passed.

Second recommendation: avoid accusations. Trying to vent your frustration or unhappiness has a lot of potential to backfire on you if the ENTJ decides to rile you up further, and attacking their character is likely to provoke a response. Mention behaviors or problems that proved unacceptable, don't try to criticize character traits. Again, if the ENTJ wants to debate then refuse to engage. That's not why you're there.

Third recommendation: if you say something about the level of respect you have for the ENTJ, they will almost certainly listen. They may or may not like what they hear, but you will be heard. If you appreciate them as a person and are looking for an amicable breakup then saying that you still respect them should soften the blow.&gt; An idea that doesn't create more possibilities is a dead idea and​once you've settled on a type, it's boring. We never commit to anything.

This sounds like an awful existence to me, but I'm glad you seem to be enjoying it.&gt; What do you use MBTI for?

Predicting behavior in others, and also a systematic framework for writing characters that think differently than I do.

&gt; Oh! I also use it for school. I identify a MBTI type with a certain character from a book for literature class and it's easier to remember what to say about them. 

Huh, interesting. That seems reversed to me; I'm only inclined to type characters created by other people if I can get a very strong read from the patterns they've displayed. They have to be memorable before I type them, you could say.

&gt; So! Bottomline!! Now that you know your type, what's the reason why you're still around here or still into this theory?

I blame my sister, mainly. She has a long-standing interest in MBTI and we use the concepts in discussions fairly often.Yes, I do frequently type my characters. My primary motivation in doing so is to ensure that they won't think like I do by default.&gt; Agreed, monogamous relationships shouldn't be so hyper-normalized. [...] I think a problem is a tendency to look for "one size fits all defaults" when it comes to how people are supposed to do things.

I entirely agree. Unfortunately, that seems to be a very basic social instinct in humanity. I can see reasons for it: copying successful models from others is a massive cost savings, and also being different from 'the standard' is a potential threat to the prestige/utility of the standard. Doesn't make it any less bothersome to deal with, though.ENTJ 3w4 sp/(?)

Currently involved in a polyamorous long-distance relationship, looking forward to taking a trip for some in-person cuddle time soon.

My perspective is that a lot of people are inclined to be non-monogamous, that there's nothing inherently wrong with that, and that society in general does non-monogamy a huge disservice (/u/olenna and /u/ThisWontDo speak well about this). The expectation of 'true love' leading smoothly into marriage and kids really aggravates me due to its naiveté and frequent deleterious consequences in the real world.

As far as necessary qualities for a functional non-monogamous relationship, I would say... communication (of course), lack of (or willingness to discard) jealousy, and ability to compromise (moreso than usual, since more parties have to be satisfied). I haven't noticed any 'common qualities' in the non-monogamous population.


Most of the benefits and drawbacks have been covered by others, so I'll be brief.

Benefits:


* Not being forced to drop relationships that could grow into something amazing just because someone else has 'dibs'.
* Having access to more than one person can feasibly offer; "What if I like both spicy *and* sweet?"
* Less concern about 'perfect' compatibility.
* Potential for more complex and rewarding interpersonal dynamics; my individual relationships with my dear ones got better after I introduced them to each other.


Drawbacks:


* You only have so much time and energy to give, and dividing it across multiple relationships spreads it thinner.
* Adding in more people has the potential to wreck existing relationships (even without any malice being involved).
* Communication can be even harder with more perspectives, likewise compromise.
* When disagreements happen it's very difficult to avoid problems related to people 'taking sides' or being perceived to do so.
* Expect all sorts of social backlash and confusion if you're open about it.How to solve the problems of the present in a way that helps you get what you want in the future as well.&gt; I can't seem to find interest in other ppl's interests

This is your issue. Learn to do this if you want to be social.

&gt; and ppl don't find my interest interesting.

Get used to it. The vast majority of people don't care one bit about you and never will.


The types will not be a very good guide for *topics,* the types will give you insight into how people handle conversations. I, for example, am currently deliberately playing to the stereotype of ENTJ's; analyzing the situation, laying everything out, and directing you towards improvement. A sensor would be more inclined to ask for specific examples to work with. A feeler would be more likely to tell you that your interests are valid and that you'll click with someone eventually. However, there's no telling who in that group might be a stamp collector, an environmental activist, or an MMA enthusiast.Very well said, I think you hit the heart of the matter.ENTJ: Most topics are fascinating when viewed from *my* angle.

;PIn theory: varies between 6 and 9. I've lovingly considered various human-extinction scenarios and what it would practically take to bring them about; the thorough option would be to destabilize Earth's orbit and direct it into the sun, but it would be a lot easier to trigger a supervolcano event and fill the sky with ash, except that would need to be combined with some other agent (grey goo nanobots, genetically-engineered predator species) to get the job done... anyway. It's not the evil in our hearts that truly bothers me, I'm mainly disgusted by our limitless capacity for idiocy (insert cliché Einstein quote). Also, I have a fair bit of personal baggage related to how people have treated me.


In practice: I do my best to act like a 2, or at most a 4. Displaying misanthropy openly is almost always a bad move: it makes one seem bitter, unattractive, insecure, *vulnerable.* Unacceptable. Also, I do find genuinely wonderful things in some people, and think that we all have enormous potential (we just tend to ignore it).Hi. ENTJ 3w4 here. As I was reading through the post I thought you were representing the type very well. Then I read your doubts and was shocked because it seemed like something I myself might have written. It was reaffirming, so I thank you for it and hope that you gain something similar from my assertion that you are not alone.


On a separate note, I think that the Dominant Te and Auxiliary Ni section could have benefited from an examination of how ENTJ's tend to relate to time, a subject which I think is important to the behavior of the type (and most types) but seems to be absent from the entire piece.I'll direct you to the [16 Personalities pages](https://www.16personalities.com/personality-types) - look for the Workplace Habits section on each description.I'm most familiar with the Enneagram as explained by Riso and Hudson, and one of the things that struck me was that they insightfully examined how overall mental health interacts with the types and affects the behaviors they display. Each type description included 'levels' of functionality which talked about how expressions of the core type patterns could be helping someone to reach their highest potential or carrying them down into utter destruction. To give an example, type Eights wish for control and fear being controlled or harmed by others - healthy Eights make wonderful and caring leaders and protectors, while unhealthy Eights tend to be vicious bullies and tyrants.

I agree with what /u/unqy in terms of what each system is truly intended for (decisions and interaction for MB versus motivations and fears for Enneagram).Other people are making good comments about how to narrow things down, I'll leave that to them.

Here's a crucial point: you might not fit any of the categories (and that's okay!). People are complicated, Myers-Briggs really isn't. If you can't be placed that's not your failure, it's the system's.

Another point that's based on my gut reading of what you wrote: you're going beyond questioning your personality type and grappling with establishing any stable concept of identity. You're trying to use this system to help guide your way, but if my hunch is right then that's pointless. MBTI is a tool for people to take what they already know and systematize it and then use it to examine things that they might otherwise overlook. It requires a certain baseline of knowledge and experience, and I encourage you to seek that on your own terms. Come back to trying to type yourself later when that identity is more settled.

Edit: added apostrophe, improved clarity.ENTJ: I'm a friendly man with a smile and a plan, don't cross the line and we'll be just fine.... Impressively self-demonstrating. Well played.I definitely agree with seeing Ti and Ne.If you're looking for a short answer then I'll side with /u/KuteKitteh and bottom-line guess INTP for you.

Half-assing answers doesn't sit well with me, though, so here's a bit more of a breakdown:

* Your statements about how you prefer to talk to people and stressful situations suggest that you are more I than E; you are more likely to be drowned in noise than suffer in silence.

* What you said about your beliefs and stances being unfixed and how you really dislike people who take stark moral positions on general issues convinces me that you're more T than F. (I'd like to spell out for absolute clarity that you're still very much an emotional creature and quite considerate of others given your desires to avoid offense, Thinkers use tact and Feelers use logic all the time).

* Your allergy to schedules and plans ~~horrifies me~~ makes it pretty clear that you're a P and not a J, and it sounds like a strong one at that.

* As discussed elsewhere you seem to like dealing in understanding systems holistically and finding core principles (Ti) and exploring through many improbable permutations of different circumstances (Ne). Likewise, you also said that you don't pay much attention at all to your surroundings, suggesting that Se isn't very high in your stack.

All of that points to INTP. I can see arguments for you potentially being an INFP or ENTP, but you would be pretty unusual in those categories. If there's some significant miscommunication going on here you might (at a stretch) turn out to be an ENFP, but I really doubt that.Frankly, it sounds like your father is impatient, controlling, and a poor communicator; "If words of command are not clear and distinct, if orders are not thoroughly understood, the general is to blame." Your friend too, but I think he gets a pass because of his age.

As far as coping with this behavior I would suggest calmly reminding the ENTJ that you cannot read their mind, and then asking them to go through the process from beginning to end. Ask clarifying questions where you need them, most ENTJ's will expect you to say something if you don't understand. But really this is a fault with the ENTJ, not with you.&gt; ENTJ: "Want to get out of here and do something else?"



External reply: "Ha! What did you have in mind?" followed by guiding the conversation to more normal territory.

&amp;nbsp;


Internal reply:  ಠ__ಠ

"Why on earth would I have come to this party if I were willing to ditch it for no reason? That's incredibly irrational. Are you an idiot?"

&amp;nbsp;

Edit: sincerely, good job on the INFP one, that's downright clever.Your sense of humor is on point, and the operative insights aren't bad. I personally wouldn't react to the ENTJ-bait and it seems like a generally bad move, but you'll probably indeed get some kind of response out of it.Nope, I'm pretty sure I'd be cheering at them pushing their comfort zone a tad. ;P


&amp;nbsp;


^^^Plenty ^^^of ^^^other ^^^ways ^^^for ^^^them ^^^to ^^^be ^^^idiots. ^^^Adorable ^^^idiots. ^^^Love ^^^you, ^^^INFP's.My best guess is that you're an **INFP**.

Reasoning:

* Introversion is clearly something you favor, given what you said about the activities that energize and drain you.
* What you said about constantly examining, questioning, and redefining your understanding of your values positively screams that Fi is your dominant function.
* Your negative relationship with gut feelings and discomfort with presenting yourself nudge my estimation away from ISFP, the other remaining candidate given the above.

Side note: you write very well.If nothing fits then nothing fits. That's a failing of the system, not your problem.

That said, sure, I'll give it a shot. I think you're either an ENTJ or an INTJ.

Reasoning:

* You handle things analytically and are very aggravated by people ignoring logic and facts, suggesting a Thinking function high in your stack.
* Your intuition hands you good answers on a regular basis, which says to me that Ni is also one of your big functions.
* You said your relationships disintegrated partly because you were being "an overemotional piece of shit". That's a common complaint from INTJ's and ENTJ's (which surprises some people, but that's a tangent).
* Your hostility to "Tradition, Idealism, and Religion" also correlates with the INTJ and ENTJ types. Authority issues, we have them.

If you really want to drill down and choose between those two I think you will need to explore your relationships with Fi and Se.

&amp;nbsp;


Tangent:

&gt; INFPs. [rant]

I react pretty much the opposite way, but my experiences line up with what you said.
Glad to have been helpful. Let me share a video about ENTJ's that I've found useful (if not 100% correct or applicable to myself): [Revisiting the Types: ENTJ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JVX0BXxj2Q)

Responses to what you said:

&gt;  ENTJs are supposedly brutally honest though which is what I lack. I'm not really afraid to tell a white lie, just to ensure nobody gets hurt, or also commonly; so nobody gets mad and annoys me.

Congratulations, that's a step of maturation. The next level is being able to control information so finely that you don't need to lie at all.  ;)

Seriously though, ENTJ's are not stuck in brutal honesty mode. It's very easy to recognize how that just makes life harder for you. If anything we're just more likely to deem it appropriate than many other types.

&gt; I constantly have to pause and resume, and I find that if I take the time to stop and think, I can come back with a much higher quality of productivity.

That's normal.

&gt; I like to do things on my own HOWEVER the need for validation is definitely there. (And I hate it lol) I don't necessarily rely on others but their approval means a lot to me

Yeah, hating it is another expected thing, but as you've found it has its rewards.
Here's the context:

&gt; Question 9: How do you treat hunches or gut feelings? In what situations are they most often triggered?
My gut feelings, when I get them (not very often), are almost always based in fear, and barely ever right.

This seems to me to be talking about predictions, extrapolations from circumstance, things you just *know* will happen but you can't say exactly why, which falls into the realm of Ni. Fi deals with gut feelings in a way that ties into the self and what is valued.

I took that as evidence that Ni is not high on her stack.Extremely simple textbook answer: inferior.

More nuanced answer: circumstances are far more important than the general rule. You can have a crisis with even your dominant function if your environment makes it impossible or disadvantageous to use, and tertiary functions usually have much less confidence and skill involved with them.

Also, the inferior function is something that people often ignore for significant stretches of time and if it's not on their radar at all it's not very likely to be a stressor. An ISTJ can write off their inferior Ne by saying something like "what's the point of thinking about all sorts of irrelevant nonsense?", an INFP can shun Te with "I don't care about the facts, I'm acting on principle and feel good about my decision", etc.

All that said, the inferior function is generally acknowledged to be something that causes difficulties and angst for a type until they've matured enough to confront it (and even then it won't be a strong point).

Edit to add: I'll play to stereotypes a little and assume that dominant Ti types won't be completely satisfied with just "this is the answer as I know it", so here's a bit more of a discussion of the underlying structure (as I understand it). So: the function stack is sort of like a list of preferences for handling the world and simultaneously a unified strategy for doing so. Developing a function makes it more enjoyable to use and enjoyable functions tend to be used more (hurray for developmental feedback loops). The inferior function is special because it's relevant to the big strategy for how a type operates but it's the trickiest tool in their box, the one they have the least experience with or affinity for. People tend to be somewhat aware of this deficiency and it lends itself to a common sort of emotional hangup over it. The exact way this manifests varies depending on person and type, but it tends to come out as the function being expressed as a poorly-applied caricature of itself (because the user is bad at it and self-conscious of that fact).I got the Ruler.

&gt; You're the ruler! Jung identified this archetype in many myths. Think of Zeus, "Father of the gods". You're a control freak that desires success and order. You're self-confident, self-relent, and extremely capable. You love looking out for your loved ones, and you'd make a great mentor. Your strength lies in your ability to assume responsibility and authority. Be careful, however, not too be too overbearing and pushy. In the end, you can't control everything!

Like /u/ihqpeppumeister I am somewhat surprised to get that result based on the answers I gave.Unholy cow, those percentages are *extreme.* Thanks for sharing.[Have a link.](https://www.careerplanner.com/8CognitiveFunctions/Introverted-Feeling.cfm)

&gt; When I read about Fi it seems like people equate it to being stubborn and not backing down. I can't tell if that's a stereotype of people with it or it's genuinely a defining characteristic of those types.

Everyone has something they can be stubborn about, the question is what. Fi users are stubborn about things that other people can't perceive (their internal values), which makes them look unreasonable and then people are more likely to use 'stubborn' with its negative connotations to describe them.

&gt; From what I've read my own understanding of Fi is that it is a function that most prominently displays when someone is saying, "Hey, this is how I feel." And Fe would be displayed when someone says, "Hey, this is how YOU made me feel". Does this make sense? :(

Incorrect. Fi would be saying BOTH of your example sentences. Fe is more about operating within the context of the feelings and values of others. Someone with strong Fe reads other people and can clearly tell what is considered good and what is not. Here's how Fe would be displayed: "Everybody loved that birthday party you threw for Andrew!" and "Why are you wearing white after Labor Day, don't you know that's just not done?"Possible.&gt; You can't 'use' your functions. You can only become aware of which ones you are currently using. You can't choose which functions to use.

What level of context are you talking about? If it's the granular level of a single problem then I definitely disagree with you. I also think one can consciously choose to practice using a function to get better at it. If you're talking about the big picture for what you'll use over a lifetime then this might make some sense, but I would still think that it's giving a slanted impression.

&gt; I also think animals like dogs show

Uh. You're moving into questionable territory there and flirting with the perils of anthropomorphism.

&gt; This is probably all incorrect and retarded. 

What. If... why... *I don't even.*  =.=1. Sounds more like something coming from above-average neuroticism than an Se thing to me, but I can see your logic.

2. Hard to say about this.

3. Your friends would drive me up the wall, but I doubt this relates to Se, more likely to do with who has learned good property habits and who has not.

4. Ha, and here I think that people think too little. Sure, this sounds like a reasonable extension of Se: you want to process primary, tangible data.

5. Sources I've read have said that it can relate. Depends on a lot of things and how exactly you mean 'ambition'. What do you aspire to?

6. Strange. Can't say anything definitive given how nebulous the term is. Are you saying that you don't perceive a strong boundary between 'you' and the rest of the world, or that you don't have a strong identity, or that you find it difficult to relate to your experiences after the fact?You're obviously basing this on specific situations you've encountered, which means that there are a ton of potential confounding factors that you're glossing over. Elaborate.

&gt; Is it typical that Fe would insist they know

This is independent of Fe itself and has more to do with a person's assertiveness/aggression, which MBTI doesn't model.

&gt; In very strong Fe, why does it feel the need to be very insistent about this kind of thing and what strategies can go about dealing it?

People tend to tie a lot of their self-esteem into their primary functions. As a rule of thumb, the more that someone thinks they are capable at a skill the more resistant they are to being told that they are wrong or have messed up. If you need to prove them wrong then the easiest way to get them to cooperate is to give them a way to save face so that their self-worth isn't threatened.

&gt; Is Fi just as capable of assuming such an emotional landscape?

Roughly speaking yes, but not at all in the same way. Fi would incline to user to projection: taking their own emotions and values and seeing them in others. This identification with the other is part of what makes Fi-doms tend to be empathetic.It's interesting that you tie your will to your principles. I agree that's a valid perspective, but I could also easily characterize the INFP's I know as "weak willed" based on their chronic indecisiveness, emotional fragility, and aversion to focusing on something that isn't themselves or their pet projects for any significant length of time.I agree so much. I get it, it's quite human to distribute some of the excess stress, but it does rankle a tad.&gt; I didn't want to say this, because I abhor conflict, but I feel it must be said: your poetry sucks. It's childish and sappy.

Thank you for writing this, it makes me feel less secretly judgmental about someone I love.You reek of Ti.

&gt; however I yearn the definitions to be as precise as possible so I can move on.

This is why. Te **does not care.** Te wants to understand how things normally go and how to analyze specific interactions: "here's the formula for gravitational force, it decreases quadratically with distance, plug in the masses and distance and solve". Ti demands to have everything killed and nailed to a board for infinite examination until total understanding is achieved: "is the gravitational constant derived from properties of elementary particles? What does the quadratic decrease with distance tell us about gravity's relationship to the other fundamental forces?" Te regards Ti with scorn for asking useless questions, Ti regards Te with scorn for not caring about actually understanding the whole thing.&gt; I think it's interesting Shadowof said "overly stoic" and you say "emotional fragility" - I tend to agree with you more, but though they contradict I can't really disagree with with them either. Weird.

I disagree that they contradict, though I am heavily skeptical that INFP's actually tend to be stoic (I think Shadow_Of_ is confusing traits of individual people for aspects of the category). Stoicism is false toughness, it's a refusal to show a reaction. Stoics can be emotionally shattered, they simply hide the evidence, and that often inhibits their recovery. Imagine two people who have their leg broken. The first is a stoic and gives no sign of the pain, refuses crutches, and continues to walk on the leg while it's injured such that when it finally heals it's a twisted and weakened mess that forces a permanent limp. The second person screams and swears during the break, hobbles around on crutches for a month, makes a full and swift recovery and never has a problem with it again. So it is with emotions.

&gt; but when I do have my mind made up and motivation is derived internally, I feel like a mountain can't stop me

I've observed that pattern in the INFP's I'm familiar with as well, with a similar "stars aligning" rarity.True, but experience has taught me that it's more efficient to assume general usage of terms in internet discussions even when they're technically incorrect and I'm nearly certain that Shadow_Of was using 'stoic' colloquially.Your brand of stoicism sounds like it's healthier than the common usage today.

From Merriam-Webster:

1 *capitalized* : the philosophy of the Stoics 
 
2 : indifference to pleasure or pain : impassiveness It was an exaggeration. I was (and am) tempted to say very unkind things to OP and make accusations of being deliberately obtuse because from my point of view this discussion has been beaten into the ground enough to traverse the realm of absurdity and reach the land of malice, but I am holding my temper and reminding myself that other people think differently and trying to help instead of hurt.I'm going to take a shot at an explanation using an approach I haven't seen elsewhere in this thread. Said approach is not playing to my strengths, but I hope it might be useful. And if not, I quit. So, as I understand it...

Ti: a function that exists to identify **boundaries** and **connections** between **concepts.** It accomplishes this by operating on **truths** to create systems. A truth is information derived from data which cannot be disproven by the Ti user. Truths are not specific to a particular case, they are not probabilities, they are fundamental rules.

&amp;nbsp;

Te: a function that exists to produce **results** in the **external environment.** It accomplishes this by operating on **facts** to create statistically accurate but imperfect models. A fact is information derived from data which has been shown to be valid in the majority of relevant cases. Facts are specific to particular cases, they inform probabilities, they do not give certainties and they can be shown to be incorrect in differing contexts.&gt; • I'm very flighty and impressionable both in plans and in interests

Suggests Perceiving leanings, possible Ne link.

&gt; hate hanging out in groups ... only really like hanging out with people I'm close to individually

Suggests Introverted leanings.

&gt; •I give people practical advice rather than emotional support which I think is pointless

Suggests usage of Te.

&gt; • I don't like talking about my feelings at all, nor do I really think about them, although I'm very controlled by my emotions and undergo a lot of mood swings on my bad days

Fi low on your stack.

&gt; I feel a constant need to do something productive, I rarely allow myself to watch TV or to read anything that isn't challenging me

Sounds like Te and Si working in conjunction to me, but very inconclusive.

&amp;nbsp;

I could suggest a few possibilities if we could narrow down how you prefer to gather information (Si, Se, Ni, Ne).Ni pulls in a mess of data, works on it largely subconsciously, and then spits out a prediction about what *will* happen or *did* happen. Ne pulls in a mess of data and spits out a bunch of things that *could* happen. Ni is reductive, Ne is expansive.ENTP or ENFP could make sense for you, with your own unique circumstances causing the thing I noted earlier about your relationship with Fi (most Fi users like talking about their feelings, but that can be trained out of someone...).&gt; The common misconception ia that you use mbti to understand yourself. This is backwards. Those who understand mbti and themselves before testing will easily find their type.

I agree that you need a fundamental grasp on your own nature to use MBTI (and have said so before on these boards), but it's important to add that the system can be used to improve the understanding of one's own habits and methods - to connect the dots, if you will.

&gt; This however brings up a new question then: what is the point of MBTI?

I think the main benefit of MBTI is to discuss how people differ, to acknowledge that there are many valid ways of interacting with the world and be able to talk about that with a common set of terms.You're all but comparing MBTI to astrology and psychic readings. Yes, there's a certain amount of vagueness in the categories, and yes, plenty of people attach all sorts of extraneous bullshit to them. Those people and you are all making the same mistake. MBTI presents simplified models of modes of thought. It takes a set of building blocks (the functions) and says that different behavioral and cognitive patterns are associated with the various unique arrangements. They are simplified theoretical models. You can assemble a toy doll out of various parts and make it resemble someone you know, but the doll is not an accurate representation of that person.

I know it's intriguing and interesting to find these 'hidden' patterns that are relevant to ourselves and people we know, to make explicit connections between things that previously didn't make sense, but people get carried away. Humans are out of scope for MBTI, we're here to play with dolls. And if you get confused by which doll you're supposed to be, it's because you don't strongly resemble any of the sixteen on offer.&gt; It doesn't help that the vast majority of information on the internet about MBTI (including on this very subreddit) gives it that impression.

I'll grant you that. I'm frustrated by it as well. =.=

&gt; Have the functions or MBTI ever been empirically verified? If not, then it's all just a guessing game, even if it is a more "educated" one.

No, as far as I'm aware there have not been any studies that have provided the kind of verification you're asking about. I've heard talk about brain scans but haven't seen anything conclusive, and I know that one of the strongest criticisms of MBTI is that it has an extremely low test-retest reliability. I choose to give the framework some credit because it has been useful to me and has been able to predict some behaviors (in a falsifiable way) when I've applied it to others. Patterns do occur in clusters and it's not faulty methodology to observe that. The trap is in assuming causal relationships where none can be proven.

&gt; What if, for example, I relate equally to Ne and Se (and therefore ISFP and INFP)? I can't use both of them, so I have to pick one.

This is incorrect. Every person without structural neurological impairments can use any of the functions, and regularly do. The function stack in a type model talks about trends, what a type member is *likely* to do when attempting to solve a problem.

&gt; Also why is it that when I get confused I'm essentially offered a different explanation as to why from every person I ask?

There could be any number of legitimate reasons and it could be just that you're talking to a bunch of people making wild, unsubstantiated claims. I can't tell just based on what you said here.This is like someone saying "I've installed a new program on my computer - how do I know if it's affecting my other programs?" It might be or it might not be, and you need a much deeper understanding of the entire system before you can begin to tackle the question. You're asking a question that would take expert investigation to respond to with certainty.

/u/lawdoodette is right in spirit, though. The odds are extremely good that the rest of the influences acting upon you will have a far greater effect than your knowledge of MBTI, and that you haven't changed much after learning about the system.Good metaphor. Easy to grasp, small numbers. I don't like the way you neatly divided up the pie but understand why you did it.Good post. I agree with what you said and would like to open further discussion on some of the points.

&amp;nbsp;

&gt; The test provides different results every time you take it.

I believe that low test-retest validity is a general weakness of MBTI, is it not? 16P seems like it's more prone to that but the extent is in question.

&gt; My personality did not change between the time that I first took the test and the second time I took it, but my answer did.

To what extent can we say that a personality is fixed? I think that by most definitions a personality is composed of traits and behaviors that are stable in a person over a long period of time, but I don't think we can take that for granted. If personalities can change, at what rate is it possible and likely? Are we also assuming that the person's environment remains the same? Is that valid in reality?

&gt; The questions themselves are inaccurate.

I think this is the main reason why 16P should be taken with many grains of salt. A large proportion of the questions are vague and laden with biasing connotations, and there are not enough questions (understandable, it's a barrier to entry for neophytes).

&gt; The Assertive/Turbulent trait. It relates nothing to MBTI and just adds another layer of confusion for people to worry about.

This is true but I think it's quite possibly the least confusing thing on the site, and can potentially offer a lot of value to people who are trying to get to grips with exactly how they function compared to others.

&gt; It depicts different MBTI types as 1 image instead of a collection of traits.

Agreed. The metaphor I've taken to using is that it presents its types as The Core Truth rather than crude dolls with sets of correlated features. It's much more gripping for people to say "I am a [insert fancy title here]" rather than say "I share some resemblance with this simple theoretical model".

&gt; Finally, the names of the types. Some of them, like 'Architect', are misleading about the actual traits of their corresponding role.

Again, yes. They're much more interested in something memorable rather than an accurate name.What kind of questions were you anticipating getting in this thread?I can tell that you're new to posting. To keep conversations organized please reply to comments using the "reply" button underneath each one. Comments aren't typically displayed chronologically and you're going to make a confusing mess if all your replies here are top-level comments.You told the story well.

The cynical part of me suspects that it had less to do with Te than you express - that something like body language or the simple fact that the ESTJ was male gave him the results you observed.

Regardless, I share your appreciation for such complementary approaches and perspectives. ENTJ's tend to manipulate by taking control; setting the tone, arguing eloquently, calling out "the most rational" course of action, creating and executing a plan, ruthlessly drowning out voices of dissent and framing them as obstacles to achievement.

What bothers a lot of people about ENTJ's is that in a lot of cases this is very close to their default mode of operations. The difference is in the willingness to listen to others and make changes based on their input.

I personally haven't had much cause to manipulate others. I'm extremely agreeable and don't have an excess of self-esteem, so I've only rarely tried something like what I described. People tend to notice when I do, but it also tends to work.I think you are seeing things clearly.Yes, when I was reading the post I made note of this section...

&gt; It wasn't a lack of presence or confidence from the girls' part (trust me), we were all trying our best to remain enthusiastic and pleasing and motivating.

... which I think makes a strong argument for your personal style having an impact on how you were received. The majority of what I have been taught and have experienced has agreed that, when it comes to groups larger than nine or ten people, taking a completely conciliatory and pleasing leadership style is likely to lose control of the situation. As redearth said in the other post we can credibly link Fi and Te to the 'soft' and 'firm' approaches respectively. Your theory is sound.

My cynical side is far from being always right (thankfully), but I'm definitely a proponent of examining all the factors going into an outcome. That's all.&gt; It’s like simulations of potentialities. If I close my eyes for a while, I can continue to be aware of seemingly subconscious activity wherein I detect some part of my mind practicing the game. I would think this is introverted intuition,

You would be correct.

&gt; Another thing I notice is that I listen to signs my body gives me.
...
but I wanted to know if this has to do with any specific cognitive function

No, it does not (by my understanding). The cognitive functions do not describe all forms of cognition, they are a limited set.&gt; It seems that there's a fine line between this personality type being a very efficient, strong minded, friendly person, or a selfish, egotistical asshole.

The line is not all that fine. The latter type tends to put no priority on treating other people kindly, which does not appear to be a problem for you.

Struggling to relate to emotions, even to your own, is indeed a common ENTJ talking point. Could you clarify what exactly you're looking for? Do you have specific scenarios in mind that you could talk about? &gt; Try and remember that people are still autonomous in the end, and that all you can do is offer them help. If they choose not to listen to you don't get upset at them because they're not doing what you think they should do, no matter how much you think (or know) they'd benefit from it, but just accept that they have their own reasons for going their own way. Even if their reason seems irrational to you, it's legitimate to the other person for some reason or another. I've had personal experiences with XXTJs in general getting upset that I didn't take their advice when according to them it seems like the obvious decision.

You're absolutely correct here, this is a predictable quirk and/or weakness of the type.

I'd like to give you some perspective from the other end. Yes, it is upsetting when people make (by our perception) suboptimal choices. This can result in unsolicited advice, which is rude and the recipient has every right to reject it. The stickier situation comes when someone asks for help and then ignores the advice. That tends to be both aggravating beyond words and interpreted as a blatant insult. This can somehow be difficult for others to realize, which boggles my mind.That was good clarification, thank you.

I don't have a strong solution for you. Just last night I had to hold my tongue to prevent my own inner asshole from laying into someone I love about solving one of their problems instead of letting it make them emotional. What I can offer is some thoughts that I have found useful. Attempting to be concise, will gladly elaborate if prompted:

1 - The compulsion to solve problems, especially those of the people I care about, must be mastered or it will master me. 

2 - I am the strange one. The standard human psyche is not built like mine and is not necessarily flawed, just different. Respecting it as a valid alternate approach makes it less irritating.

2a - For certain situations and personalities it is actually biologically advantageous for them to engage in various emotional behaviors that I don't tend to appreciate. This relates to neurochemistry and hormonal activity and is very interesting.

2b - My own mental composition gives me obvious advantages, but it is likely to the point of virtual certainty that I underestimate the disadvantages it brings.

3 - In many cases people expressing negative emotions do not expect deep empathy, they are content just to have someone listen and acknowledge their feelings (a single sentence will do), and then they can move on with their lives. Exception: "emotional vampires", who do demand empathy and constant shows of concern, are to be identified and avoided and I am under no obligation to feed them.It is easier to mislead people than inform them by talking about the differences between the letters. I recommend instead focusing on the different cognitive functions and being sure to emphasize the fact that we are capable of using them all, just that people tend to have very different preferences.

Example: "Someone using Fi and talking about how something makes them feel might not be well-received by someone using Te who is looking for a solution to a problem."ENTJ and yes.

It doesn't narrate all of my thoughts, a significant amount of stuff isn't expressed in any language. I have one going the majority of the time, and sometimes have multiple instances running in parallel.

The weirdest thing about it is that if I hear a new and interesting voice for a significant length of time (generally at least half an hour) frequently my inner voice will latch onto and mimic it for pretty much the rest of the day, which can be trippy.The world is full of informational noise. We don't want all of it and our brains do some automatic filtering and interpretation. Focus is important.Loosely, but they are actually different concepts.

An effective method does the job thoroughly. An efficient method expends relatively few resources on doing the job. Using a nuclear bomb to destroy an anthill would be an effective but inefficient solution. Leaving your car in the driveway and waiting for rain is an efficient but ineffective method of washing it.Hello. Your English is quite good; how did you pick up the diction and syntax you've displayed in this post?

Please clarify what exactly you had in mind. You want to talk to the iNtuitive type (as you've described it) - what is your preferred medium and intensity of interaction? There are many Discord channels where MBTI enthusiasts congregate, is that what you would be interested in? How relevant are different languages and time zones? Do you like written communication or talking out loud?

I'm unlikely to volunteer but who knows, curiosity is a fickle mistress.It's difficult to meaningfully distinguish between INTJ and ENTJ based on these characteristics.

If you check the sidebar you'll note that the two types share the same set of important cognitive functions, but ordered differently. To give you an answer that is backed by MBTI theory and not just our individual intuitions, we need to know more about how you approach problems and challenges.

Were I in your shoes I would take more tests (like the ones linked in the sidebar) and compare the results to try to acquire more information. The members of this sub are unlikely to be able to read your mind well enough to help you.The ones who don't have a narcissistic ego will note that you're bullshitting them and think less of you for it. Insincere compliments are a bad play for the type.&gt; If you meet any, instead of giving compliments, please just tell us what we are doing crap. I am so fed up with not getting any critical feedback from people. 

Preach it. Generic compliments, especially on intelligence, are just aggravating noise at this point.&gt; if people aren't self-contradicting/hypocritical and their actions don't negatively impact plans/people as a whole

The small fraction of the population that meets these criteria is indeed comparable (but not equal) to the fraction that isn't bothered by what other people say.&gt; I like him, and I want to talk to him. My friend told me it's not good for women to text or get in contact first since males tend to see that as clingy and desperate, but I'm sure not all men feel that way and would appreciate being texted first and since I want to talk to him I don't see why I shouldn't initiate as well.

Your friend is giving bad advice: it is way too general and outdated. It is possible to seem too clingy or desperate by initiating contact first, but that's all in how you do it. I'll make some recommendations, and if you'd like to know the reasons behind them I can elaborate and cite sources.

 * **Make contact.** Don't be deterred by your friend or his status message. The most likely outcome of you holding back is that nothing happens, the guy doesn't talk to you, and you miss out on the opportunity.

 * **Keep it casual, let him respond at his own pace.** This is probably the most valuable aspect of the recommendation your friend was giving - don't come on too strong. Also don't expect him to reply immediately. Other commenters have made good suggestions about how exactly to handle this.

 * **Remember that talking over Skype is different.** Regardless of whether you're using text chat, voice calls, or video calls, it's going to be a bit different than speaking in person. Some people don't realize this and get disappointed in various ways.&gt; I'm just laying out my thought process and I'm asking you if anyone can identify the functions behind my thinking.

Depending on how exactly you came to the conclusion I could make an argument for Ti or Te. If your flair is correct and you are an INTP then it's more likely you used Ti, and going by your explanation that seems to have been the case.

Ti operates with definitions, boundaries, and logic. The core of your argument is that different people can legitimately define 'evil' in different ways, making it subjective and therefore not objective. By contrast, when I came to this same realization in my own life I used Te: taking inspiration from game theory, I saw patterns of behavior by individuals and institutions laid out as competing strategies with various probabilities of success, iterating constantly over long stretches of time. My models explained not only why some behaviors are consistently labeled as evil but also why some groups are more quick to judge than others. It was not a logical proof, closer to a statistical calculation.

&gt; (I realized about half way thorough my thinking that this was in fact pretty obvious and what I really did was process a simple fact and put it into my words).

This is true. However, it is worth noting that you had to go against most prevailing cultural narratives to arrive at this conclusion, and your caution about getting backlash shows that you're aware of this fact. Thinking for yourself is no small feat.Having doubts is normal and probably for the best. The Myers-Briggs types are simplified models and do not account for most of what makes us unique as people.&gt; When a normally agreeable and diplomatic person sees someone disparage a third party person and then snaps back with a passive aggressive zing in a falsely light and airy voice... Is that Fe getting it's feathers ruffled?

As an immediate reaction I would be more inclined to believe that this is Fi, but I think it could also be Fe. The distinction would be in whether the passive aggressive person was acting to preserve the social norms of the group (Fe) or to defend something that they personally identified with (Fi).

&gt; When you're taking a test and get asked about a specific bit of terminology and remember the way the page looked in the textbook wherein the term was introduced... You remember the picture and the graph that were on the facing page to that one too, and see it in your mind's eye. You use that mental image to reassure yourself that you know the right answer, even though in the mental image the words are too blurry or small to read. Is that Si?

I believe it is.

&gt; Can someone give me an example like those above for Fi, Ne, and Ni?

Fi - "I don't care if you think I'm weird, I don't care if it will get me in trouble, I'm going to release these animals from the pet store because it's the right thing to do."

Ne - you see two people sit near each other in public who are dressed very similarly and start coming up with all sorts of ways they might be connected (long-lost twins, simultaneously impersonating someone else, mind control spores in their oatmeal, etc.).

Ni - you get a 'Eureka' moment where you come up with a brilliant idea. You can't explain why you're so certain that it's brilliant but you just know that it is.&gt; Also, what functions would you assume someone prefers if they really don't like new experiences until they see someone else do it or have it explained beforehand?

I would categorize this as 'openness to new experience', which is a trait modeled in the Big 5 but not so much in MBTI.

What you and /u/jerdle_reddit were saying about high Fe being a factor does make sense as well, and not having seen that situation before would also violate the primary Si of an ISFJ.
Having expectations that are too high and being aggressively disappointed when they aren't met. Things that other people don't even notice become dealbreakers for me. I've walked out of movies my family was watching (and that upset them). I've quit good clubs - my dad desperately wanted me to stay in Boy Scouts but I wouldn't. My friends have run games of D&amp;D where I liked everyone there but I quit because something nobody else had a problem with bugged me. I've refused friendships (and ended them) over small behaviors or problems. I don't *want* to hate these things, I really wanted to like them, but I couldn't, and it has caused all sorts of problems and drama.

This is fresh on my mind because I recently saw Infinity War and I absolutely loathed it. Everybody else's opinion seems to be between "it was okay" and "it was great", but I walked out of the theater after the credits so visibly angry that strangers commented on it.Thank you for your interest. First off, let me say that the visuals were fantastic, there weren't huge plot holes, the dialogue was okay, the pacing was fine. I am not calling it an objectively bad movie.

I'm a storyteller. I really care about the structure of narratives. I listen to writing podcasts, I read books about how to write fiction. From that perspective, Infinity War was a travesty. It broke many fundamental rules of storytelling for no good reason.

Did you count the number of times the same scenes were repeated with different characters? I did. Thanos restraining and/or torturing a character to force an Infinity Stone (or knowledge of where to find one) out of someone else nearby happened at least four times, more depending on how strict you are with the criteria, and there was no significant variation in how those scenes played out. Likewise, the Vision/Scarlett Witch and Starlord/Gamora plot threads involving 'ask my lover to kill me if necessary to make sure Thanos doesn't win'. There was no contrast, no purpose in the repetition.

Deeper than that - stories are about establishing a character, having them endure a struggle or go on a journey, and then having a meaningful ending that shows how that character was affected. The way the movie is set up, Thanos is the protagonist. He is established, he endures a mighty struggle, reaches the ending... and he hasn't changed. The ending is the best part of the movie but it fails at its core job of demonstrating what the fucking point of the three hours of runtime was. It has big ramifications for the Marvel universe but it means nothing for the central character of the movie.

On another note, when it comes to clichéd and hamfisted tools for evoking pathos, Infinity War is like a compendium of what not to do. I like a lot of the characters in their own franchises, but I was mostly happy when they were dying because presumably that meant an end to the stupid, awful drama that they were caught up in.

Last and perhaps least, the fact that this is all set-up for a sequel (made blatant by the post-credits stinger) was crass. Marvel couldn't tell a functional story in three hours and then they expect me to be eager to throw more time away in the hopes that they'll blunder their way to some sort of decent narrative? Contrast with Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, which ended with very similar tone and lack of resolution of the big plot but still managed to tell a competent story during its runtime.

So yes, I loathed Infinity War. To me it was like Thanos fanfiction written by a twelve year old and if I ever wrote something that trashy I would burn all copies, not have the audacity to release it as a blockbuster film.Yes, I noticed the issues with the Avengers themselves. The rant I wrote is long but I still left a bunch out. =.=

Ragnarok was great, I thought that was a good story and an excellent movie. It's a big part of why I even bothered to see Infinity War.I want to echo the "good job" part, /u/CollectorOfTypes . Not so much on masking your feelings but rather on speaking the 'languages' of others instead of just sticking with your own dominant function.All of this screams Fi to me. Since you say that you have trouble distinguishing between that and Ti I have to imagine that you were presented with very inadequate explanations of those functions. Let me take a shot at clarifying for you:

 * **Fi:** interprets reality through the lens of one's own emotions and values. Fi users tend to strive to better understand themselves and then use that to make sense of everything else. Note how the vast majority of your points here are centered around statements such as "I like" or "I enjoy" or "I admire".

 * **Ti:** attempts to understand the world through fundamental truths by various means (logic, definitions, etc.) Ti users tend to care about underlying principles, definitions, and boundaries of rules or concepts. They want to understand entire systems and reconcile any perceived contradictions, both internally and with other systems that they have absorbed.

Now, let me give you an example. Imagine that two people watch a third kick a puppy. Both observers agree that kicking the puppy qualifies as 'evil', but they arrive at that conclusion differently (note that this is just for illustration, individuals won't necessarily think or act like this).

Fi user: "Watching that guy kick that puppy made me feel horrible! I'm so angry right now, I'm going to yell at him and tell him he's an awful human being. Hurting defenseless animals is wrong!"

Ti user: "Kicking that puppy is a textbook example of evil. This behavior is impermissible and therefore deserves punishment. I'm going to report this to the police."I'd amend that to "Fi is not JUST emotions", but agree with the spirit of what I think you're expressing.I can definitely sense the love and appreciation for your friends, the in-depth consideration of the post conveys it well.

Why you gotta punch me in the heart with the ENTJ section? Freaking feelings, they are the *worst.* The entire second half of his description simultaneously renews my own hatred for my similar shortcomings while also making me feel a little bit better about them. Hugs are complicated, okay?! There are a lot of considerations. There needs to be a system, everybody shouldn't have to just wing it. Grrr.

And as for the final couple points in that description, yes, it's hard to justify spending social capital on pointing out mistakes other people are making: they tend to get very touchy about it and not actually learn anything, which makes it a bad investment. Very frustrating.&gt; How would these people navigate an unknown world?

By working off of what they do know, much like everyone else. Ni describes a tendency to absorb a lot of information, process it largely unconsciously, and then boil the findings down to a few key trends, predictions, and theories. In other words, Ni users passively take in a lot of 'dots' of information spaced out relative to each other and then simplify that down by drawing lines through clusters of dots. 

&gt;  Given a task that they don’t know how to do what would they use to construct their vision?

First they would try to reference the data that they've already absorbed - they might not know exactly how to do the task, but they might be able to cobble something together from distinct-yet-comparable scenarios that they've internalized. An Ni user who doesn't know how to drive a boat but does know how to drive a car might say "this boat is like a heavy car on gravel without brakes. This lever must control the engine throttle. Let's go." They probably wouldn't have consciously calculated the differences in inertia and friction that informed their comparison or thoroughly evaluated all of the controls for their expected functionality, Ni tends to take shortcuts to arrive at those sorts of conclusions.

If that failed then they would seek more abstract data relevant to the task, simultaneously trying to correct their theories (adjust the lines between points they've drawn) and collect more dots. 

&gt; Do they prefer learning by books or by doing?

I think this tends to be somewhat influenced by the position in the stack relative to the Sensing function. ISTP's have Se before Ni and are notoriously hands-on, whereas INTJ's (with Ni as primary and Se as inferior) tend to be extremely bookish. I don't have much knowledge or experience with ENFJ's and they may be an interesting discussion point, given that they have Ni as second and Se as third in their stack.I disagree with your presentation of the roles of these functions. Your model is a valid case but explaining things the way you have promotes misconceptions. Te and Fe are still judging functions and Fi and Ti can still oversee and influence behaviors. Also, information intake is not restricted to Se.

I would express what you said as "They would take what information they have access to, form a vision, and then act upon it in a way guided by their judging function." You can then break it down into specific examples based on the types in play.Good question. I'd say that the difference would lie in general axioms versus specific memories.

I'd expect an Si user to try to remember any particular situation where someone was explaining a boat or demonstrating how to drive a boat. If they couldn't find any memories that were a perfect fit I would expect them to try to exactly replicate driving a car: first they would sit in the chair, orient themselves to the steering wheel, look for pedals on the floor. Finding none, they would probably try to remember if they'd ever heard anyone say specifically how to make a boat go. If that gave them nothing then they would probably use trial and error while comparing memories they had of experimenting with controls on a car.

(Note that their approach to all this would probably be influenced by their Thinking and Intuitive functions in some way; an Ne user might be tempted to try a whole bunch of random ideas until something useful happened, for example.)It's a difference of degree. As someone with Ni high on my stack I'm sometimes frustrated when other people are taught the basics of something and then can't generalize the knowledge. Some connections that seem blatantly obvious to me have to be spelled out explicitly for most people; I don't even always recognize when I'm making an intuitive leap.I'd say that Googling a task for the exact steps involves Te (applying a practical solution to arrive at a correct answer without regard to the underlying principles), but that can certainly be informed by Si.

To check my thinking on this, look at the types and see which ones have Te high on their stack. Compare and contrast with the list of high Si users. Which group seems likelier to Google a how-to guide in order to do a task?I can definitely see Ti googling to learn about things, or even start out googling something to do a task and curiously wiki-walk through half a dozen articles to get a better view of the subject. For the purposes of completing a given task, though, I stand by Te.

If the word "vision" does not register for you and you're not constantly thinking about what big changes (in your life or the world at large) you want to make to pursue your goals in the future then I would say with high confidence that you are an ESTJ (assuming that you are correct in how you've narrowed down your options thus far).As far as I have learned that disparity of breadth of focus sounds a lot more like Ni versus Ne than Feeling functions versus Thinking functions. Still, plenty of heavily Feeling types have Ne high on their stacks, so perhaps we're talking about the same sorts of people.Really? You're saying that /u/estj317 isn't 25 based on their syntax and diction in a couple Reddit posts, and you say that *they're* speaking with "a dash of illogical certainty"? The irony is thick here.&gt; ENTJ: The whitest of knights. A friend of mine was gonna piss on the school building it would have been hilarious if you hadn’t stopped him. 

ಠ_ಠ

&gt; No jk you guys are alright but calm your tits.

These tits will not be calmed!
 * **Ti:** attempts to understand the world through fundamental truths by various means (logic, definitions, etc.) Ti users tend to care about underlying principles, definitions, and boundaries of rules or concepts. They want to understand entire systems and reconcile any perceived contradictions, both internally and with other systems that they have absorbed.

 * **Fi:** interprets reality through the lens of one's own emotions and narrative. Fi users tend to strive to better understand themselves and then use that to make sense of everything else.Bear in mind that these functions aren't supposed to be absolutes; pretty much everyone takes their own wants and feelings into account when they make decisions, that doesn't mean Fi is high on their stack.

The way that Fi users arrive at empathy and compassion is to identify with others - seeing reflections of themselves and their emotions.

Now, trying to address your question: here's a scenario with simplified Fi user Frank and simplified Ti user Tara. Frank and Tara are walking along a road on a bright sunny day when Frank looks up and spots a very unusual cloud. He excitedly points it out to Tara, and they stare at it together. Frank is likely to be exploring some kind of emotional meaning; the cloud is making him think of whimsy and freedom and other positive connotations, and he is conscious of the fact that his day has been improved by seeing this cool thing. He gains an emotional attachment to the cloud. Tara, meanwhile, is likely to be trying to figure out how that cloud could have gotten its unusual shape, applying principles she has learned and trying to construct a model that explains the observations she is making. She may be conscious of enjoying this but it is secondary to attempting to make sense of it.

Now imagine that the cloud drifts apart and loses its unusual shape while they watch. Frank is sad - the cloud was a good thing and he wants it to come back. Tara is not sad. At worst she is mildly frustrated because she can no longer check her models against fresh observations, but she may even be more interested because the dissipation of the cloud contains clues about how it came to be in the first place.
&gt; If it looks a bit like a locomotive (for example), I might imagine that the heavens have crashed, and the other clouds are the wagons crushed against the sky. In that situation I will never think about what it's made of, because the alternative is much more fun. That might be Ne taking over though,

It is.

&gt; and if the only choice was between your alternatives, I would never explore any emotional meaning, and rather ponder about its creation (that sounds boring without reading about it though)

I already said that the functions as we actually experience them don't have these neat distinctions. MBTI is theory, practice is muddier.

&gt;  No model would be created however. That sounds like an extroverted thinking approach.

Possible but unlikely. The Te consideration path of an unusual cloud would probably go 'If observed level of variance is statistically improbable given natural causes, posit an intervening force. If cloud shape has human significance, assume human intervention as intervening force, otherwise assume atmospheric phenomenon as intervening force.' Arriving at a useful answer via strong heuristics, in other words.Even ignoring what you've said about all the time you spent it's obvious that a lot of work went into this post. Kudos for that.

I found your perspective interesting and it seems like you know what you're talking about.

The names/ordering of the functions seem like they're in a format I should recognize, but I don't. What's the method called?Thank you.You should develop tact, but I don't think it will make you human.I find it hilarious and indicative that you said "his Fi is beginning to seem a lot higher than it used to be" and then immediately followed that with "he doesn't tell people about his feelings but sometimes you can see he is emotional". So he's inexpressive compared to other people but that's a lot higher than it used to be?

Let me be blunt: it sounds like you're fixated on the ENTJ type as "ambitious, logical, smart, reluctant to EVER express emotions, and dominant". Do you think that all ENTJ's are hyper-achieving, cold-blooded corporate suits? I don't imagine that you do. You've observed your brother behaving differently and have asked a reasonable question about his personality type but I think you're mistaking growth for fundamental change.

Looking at the function stacks only reinforces my skepticism on your thoughts about him potentially being an ESFP. How is it in that type to remain silent in new settings? Isn't that usually exciting and invigorating for ESFP's? What makes you think he has inferior Ni, especially given his history of making and executing on long term plans?

I'm really just not seeing any of that. My money is on your brother having passed a threshold in his emotional development and is now acting like a typical healthy ENTJ.That's just life, you say?

Tomorrow can be better.

Let me show you how.ENTJ

6 Accept Responsibility 


5 Make Restitution 


4 Expressing Regret 

3 Genuinely Repent 

2 Request Forgiveness 


Interesting and potentially useful test. Thanks for linking it.My type is ENTJ.

In any real situation I'd be prioritizing by feasibility of rescue and saving as many as I could without exceeding a risk threshold for myself. But thinking about this less like a fire and more like which people I would put on a ship to sail away from a volcanic island...

First, the world-renowned writer. I have some aspirations in that direction and having that person in my debt could be extremely useful.

Then the young, aspiring student. They have high potential and might not be able to fend for themselves quite as readily as the established adults.

Then, reluctantly, the brilliant and groundbreaking yet racist scientist. I'd try to use my leverage over them to browbeat them into curtailing the racism.

The movie star and the intellectually disabled child compete for the bottom of the list, depending on the exact nature of the disability. I have pity for the child but no will to prioritize them. The celebrity can undoubtedly get help from someone else, and while I'm not willing to kill them on just suspicions if I felt certain that they were a domestic abuser I would engineer events such that they would definitely die and I would be able to watch.

Also, I was working under the assumption that failing to be picked still left a chance of survival. If everyone left behind was absolutely going to be killed by the hazard then my focus would shift entirely to breaking the scenario with desperate measures.Thorough description. Kudos for that.

It's good to be skeptical of simple online tests, particularly ones like 16 Personalities where they ask relatively few questions and do not control much for biased language. I also encourage you to extend that skepticism to the MBTI types; actual people are almost never perfect fits with any one psychological model.

Nothing in your description convinces me that your boyfriend isn't an ENTJ with a very positive and altruistic/cooperative outlook. In particular, the points about him working with a lot of knowledge and coming up with theories based on facts strongly hints at the Te-Ni interaction that ENTJ's have at the top of the function stack. The "great at giving practical advice" bit reinforces that. Add in the "extremely goal-driven" for bonus points.

Still, I'm working with my own biases and incomplete information. You can make a better determination than I can. I recommend you consider the extremes of the function stack for your candidate types. If he's an ENFJ then you should be able to detect signs of inferior Ti instead of inferior Fi.

Has your boyfriend read the ENFJ description? Maybe you can identify the traits that do fit and the ones that don't when it comes to the type profiles. There are some obvious points of contrast when it comes to the strengths and weaknesses listed on 16 Personalities in particular.The key weaknesses of the ENTJ as described by 16 Personalities are also social weaknesses; they make people dislike you (moreso than the characteristic weaknesses of most other types). Being disliked is seldom pleasant and can make it significantly harder to accomplish things. ENTJ's with healthy environments and good mentors are often coached towards smoothing out those tendencies and learning how to wield influence with tact and subtlety.&gt; His political contentions and lucid social skills indicates a positive Ne foundation – his desire for self improvement with a career in law is a proclivity for seeing the world as it could be through relative ideas, rather than keeping with matters of fact (mandatory for us ENTPs).

What verbose bullshit. "Political contentions and lucid social skills" being based on Ne? How is that supported in any way by the function? This reeks of you associating positive traits with things that you identify with rather than any genuine application of MBTI.

And "seeing the world as it could be through relative ideas, rather than keeping with matters of fact" doesn't really line up with his strong pattern of using facts to construct theories and his ability to keep a routine and consistently take small steps towards concrete goals. This guy is too grounded for an inferior Sensing function.&gt; Ni types speak as if always coming to a definite point. They might trail off as if what they’re going to say next is just obvious to everybody already.

And then I die a little inside when someone immediately says the obvious thing like it's a fresh revelation.

&gt; Si types speak most calmly. They’re conscious of not being a disturbance, and speak to make others feel unthreatened, at ease.

I'm curious as to the causes behind this as you understand them. It intuitively makes sense but I don't see the linkages.&gt; Interesting reply you got there, buddy.

Likewise, pal! I'm still convinced you're thinking about this in ways I don't agree with, but I no longer suspect that you're a person I'm ethically obligated to attack. Thank you for not disappointing me.

&gt; Most of progression in a conversation is a good intuition for knowing what to say and when to say it. This is a basic aggregation of external ideas with a filter to crowd out what's inappropriate. Basic case of Ne and Ti collaborating.

Descriptions of ENTP's consistently note that they tend to be charismatic conversationalists, but the patterns produced by that Ne-Ti collaboration are not the only route to social engagement. All of the types you, OP, and I are seriously considering are generally considered to be quite capable when it comes to social interactions yet have very different styles. If your case were true then I would have expected OP to write something about a penchant for throwing out big "what-if" type scenarios and less of a regard for things as they actually are or will be.

So, your use of the phrase "lucid social skills" as I understand it is either a dire oversimplification or a thinly-veiled boast of type superiority. My behavioral heuristics led me to assume you were going for the latter.

&gt; So, a projection. A phenomena people do to dispel things they don't completely understand. That doesn't invalidate what I've said.

I don't agree with your definition of 'projection' and avoided using the word due to frequent misinterpretations, but you are correct in that being more of an alternate explanation for your perspective than a direct contradiction of your assertions.

&gt; Yet an inferior Ti is a more valid assessment to you? He's not an ENFJ.

I find it plausible that a strongly-developed Ni could do a lot to overshadow the observable effects of inferior Ti, particularly for someone as thoroughly enmeshed with intellectual culture as this boyfriend seems to be. I don't view that as exceptionally likely, though. My best assessment is that the man is somewhere in between the ENTJ and ENFJ categories and is well-rounded to boot.

&gt; You'd be shocked by the amount of self-aware ENTPs on this planet that exist. If, for the sake of argument, he was an ENTJ, his Fe would exist as the most regressed and inaccessible of his eight functions. I don't imagine somebody who is "usually accommodating and gives lots of support/compliments" is as ruthlessly forthright as you seem to be.

Perhaps I would be shocked by that amount.

It is possible to simulate accommodation and positive social feedback to others as a learned set of rote behaviors if that effort is deemed necessary. I agree that the observations don't contribute to the ENTJ profile but we also don't have the luxury of observing this person directly, especially when he's under stress and the chips are down. I think how he behaves in those conditions would be very telling, one way or the other.As I said in a different comment in this thread, he sounds to me like he's got both ENTJ and ENFJ things going on (not that he can be both per MBTI, but that he's well-rounded enough to seriously cloud the determination).

The only trait that you mentioned in there that's different between ENTJ's and ENFJ's is that the latter are "always willing to compromise and make amends if they realize they make other people feel bad/unwelcome".I've certainly had a comparable experience, and I'd be very interested to know how often I've provoked that kind of feeling in other people.

My work group has little posters with our MBTI types on them that we can hang up near our desks. I've put mine away because I don't want to risk having my name tarred with negative associations - not because I'm that disgusted by the category but because it's just a risk factor without much practical upside.

Here on these boards my hope is that we can agree that shittiness is universal within humanity, and that every type is going to have troublesome members.Highly entertaining, has enough truth mixed in to be clever and funny but not enough to demand that it be taken seriously. Surprisingly quality post.

There are easier ways to beat ENTJs, by the by.In my experience INFP's struggle with their thoughts more than is normal for other types, and I do mean that comprehensively. Powerful feelings threaten to sweep them away, complex perceptions defy decoding, and for them trying to express things in clear language can be like trying to force an orange through a cheese grater. So, were we to give the benefit of the doubt to the INFP's you've interacted with we could suppose that they're communicating in a way that makes sense to them but simply isn't compatible with your worldview.

However, what this really sounds like to me is that you're pissing them off. Your inability to "just know" sounds like you're somehow failing as a person in their eyes, and the "guess what's bothering me" can be a way to force an uncooperative irritant to engage more. If this is the case you need to figure out whether you should be trying to make amends or whether these people are just too much effort to deal with.&gt; If he is playing a game I would ask yourself what does he get out if it? He knows it angers you, so the reward must be pretty good.

Call me cynical, but I feel like Occam's Razor is strongly pointing towards the frustration and anger generated being his reward. He's being deliberately obtuse.&gt; I kinda am getting fucking pissed off like shit I should be replying to this highest rated comment.

Haha, it's just highest rated because I was quick to post in this thread, I sound like I know what I'm talking about, and people don't disagree with me. That's pretty much all it takes.

Anyway, I don't think being an INFP is anything like having a disability. The fact of struggle is not due to a lack of capability but instead due to what I'm going to call 'immediacy'. Introverted Feeling as a primary function makes for very little cushioning between the impact of the world and someone's psyche. When INFP's struggle to speak in 'clear language' I've found it's because they want to tell me a whole story, rich with connotations and imagery and symbolism, and it's all tangled up together and it's hard to tell how to express it linearly through the narrow passage of one's words.

&gt; I hope I just proved every single one of your fucking points.

Nope, but this is somewhat fascinating.

&gt; Maybe it just perhaps gets really fucking frustrating when people are always not understanding why you would mention something, or look at you like you are talking gibberish,

I know that pain when I try to talk about my deep feelings. I'm never happy after the fact: I try so hard but people almost never really understand.

&gt; Thank you, sir. I love your type and gosh dern it noone can be as fucking rude as you guys. I love you :)

Thank you, internet person of indeterminate gender. I don't think I love you but this has been an interesting twist to my morning.It's like having something stuck in your teeth that won't come out.

Let me backtrack and be a little clearer: I've observed a few significant patterns in experience with Inferior Fi:

1. Feelings sneak up on me. I'll be focusing on a task or something and other people will comment about me getting really worked up, and I'll realize that I've been making big gestures and using a loud voice when I didn't intend to, or I'll realize that I made a really exaggerated expression and now everyone is weirded out.
2. My feelings don't do what they're "supposed to". Immediately after hearing about my grandfather's death when I was a child I commented to my grieving mother along the lines of "Well, we knew he was on his way out", and I only started my own grieving process months later. I've laughed and joked around at a solemn flag retirement ceremony. A lot of really emotional moments in movies seem not genuine to me and like someone is inexpertly trying to manipulate me. Sometimes I'll feel really strong anger or resentment or disgust towards a loved one, and I have to sit for an hour or more struggling to figure out why I feel that way.
3. Whenever I try to talk about my deepest convictions and my most significant memories and really personal stuff, I'm never satisfied and no one seems to truly understand what I'm saying. I pretty much always regret it.

So in conclusion, Inferior Fi is a massive pain in the ass, and I'd love it if I could be a healthy human being while completely cutting it out of my life.If you've noticed the behavior and categorized it as "holding the line up" then you are almost certainly annoyed by it. The question is biased.

Internally, I judge based on quite a few criteria. Is their conversation interesting to watch? Have they already done something to make me dislike them? Has the interaction caused the checkout time to significantly exceed the expected duration?

Flaired as ENTJ. The cashier is probably making small talk with me because I'm approachable, but I'm not going to waste time or hold up the line and I'm assertive enough to force an end to chitchat if necessary.I agree with most of what you said but want to add an additional perspective from someone who isn't an Ne user: that function can be extremely annoying when someone is using it to generate hypotheticals that seem irrelevant and distracting from a problem under consideration. Ne/Ti can produce some extremely interesting thoughts but it always takes patience to comprehend and digest them.Do you classify 'avoiding giving offense to other people' as a skill? And do you deliberately practice it?This is a masterpiece, and is exactly the kind of thing that MBTI is best used for. It demonstrates strong understanding of good communication skills, how to modulate an approach to fit an intended audience, and how all of that interfaces with type theory. It gives good advice in a mostly non-judgmental way, and is very straightforward to read and understand. I also strongly get the sense that it was crafted with a great deal of thought and love.

Thank you for writing it and posting it here, silver_starfire.In that case I imagine it's probably an authority thing, where ENTP's such as yourself are less inclined to exhibit the same patterns of deference as others.That's a pity.Basically, I think ENTP's are more likely to question or challenge ideas even when people are emotionally attached to them.

Opening statement: "I think the government is hiding aliens from us at Area 51!"

Non-offensive response: "Like the little grey guys with big heads?"

ENTP not attempting to avoid giving offense: "It's a military test site for our own technology. Why would they put captive aliens there when every crackpot theorist in this hemisphere has heard about it? If they were trying to hide aliens, why not put them someplace else, like an island in the Pacific? The US has a whole bunch of those, and it might help contain escape attempts. But yeah, I'm pretty sure Area 51 theories are bullshit."

ENTP attempting to avoid giving offense but not succeeding: "What makes you so sure about that?" [Proceeds to debate with original speaker, who grows frustrated and offended]I'm sorry, that's rough.

Try not to blame yourself so much. I'm sure that if one of your friends was hurt by something their SO said then you wouldn't yell them for leaving in a huff. It didn't help things but it sounds like it was an honest reaction to your feelings. Your ISTJ also reacted - there was a disconnect between your behaviors and communication. A painful lesson, but hopefully a useful one for you in the future.It's painful to hear you call yourself stupid. I've heard that a lot more from smart people than dumb ones. Beating yourself up about this isn't fair. There wasn't some golden 'right answer' that you should have known, this wasn't like a test you could study for. Heck, if you had tried to say what you were thinking right then you might have gotten caught up in the heat of the moment and said something you later regretted. Hindsight lies to you just as often as foresight.The type strives for control over the environment and strategic improvement of it. Introduce a problem that doesn't improve or gets worse when they try to fix it. Force them to confront it regularly. It doesn't have to be anything big, but it does have to have some kind of emotional weight to the ENTJ.That's the intended effect, yes - inflicting a "defeat". If you're interested in completely destroying them then you'll need other methods, ones I have no intention of helping you with. :POh, that's a rather different circumstance. Sounds like you'd want to hear about some kind of general blind spot of the type that you could exploit for an edge, but you haven't given enough information to narrow anything down.I don't mind.1 Timothy 6:10, KJV: "For **the love of money** is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows."

Still ruffled. I disagree with the actual passage only a little bit less than I do with the bastardized version.I'm okay with it.
What a Ni thing to say :)He's ISFP. Yea that site is nonsense. Look at any of his work, it's pretty obvious what it is, and it's not ISFJ. Yea, it's hard to know for sure without actually knowing the person. 

But the content of what he says and writes, there's a lot more Fi Ni, and very little Te. There's a lot of Fi Ni, and there's very little Te. If you watch his interviews/his interactions, his mannerisms are broadly very introverted. The nature of the nonsense that he talks about is all Ni, the lack of grounding of a lot of it is the inferior Te. It's not the object of a child to brighten up a tense relationship.N is abstraction, so it's objects that don't really exist. 

So for a Ne, their mind might be filled with a lot of Si abstract objects, and when they perceive things they are seeing just all the sorts of objects and connections between those objects. Certainly there are also "abstract" abstract objects in there too, but the roots are all these Si objects. And they perceive these objects just as Se might perceive many things all at once. 

In contrast, Ni the abstractions are all subjective. So what is at the root of an abstraction is an another, possibly deeper abstraction. So I might almost immediately start with an abstraction, and then follow it down to the next layer of abstraction. Instead of perceiving a lot of abstract objects and their relationships at once, I'm working down a tree of continually more abstract objects that I've created. I'm still perceiving the objects and the relationships between these objects, but these are my subjective abstractions.  

 
You are labeling the guy based on comparing him to your friend's test results. No one cares about the test results, that's just the current state of MBTI - the tests all suck. The only credible typing is if you are familiar with the functions and can observe and understand the subject's cognition. 

People's objection to your story is that you've curve-fit to what your expected narrative of a ENTJ behavior should be. But the behavior you've described, and all we have to go on, most resembles that of a Se dom. Regarding the point of professionals/arguing from authority, you are extending beyond the definition into manifestation. The definition of Te is that the logic is external and "factual". 

For different Te users what consists of "factual" is different. Some might consider professional agreement factual, but I think you will find it rare among NTJ's, for example, to use argument from authority as a substitute for actual data and facts. Really can't stand any of his videos, that voice makes me want to tear my skin off. 

Wish he would post a transcript in his videos so he can get his ad revenue, and we can read what he has to say. I know what you are saying, but wanted to add that strategy and tactics are two sides of the same coin. They drive each other. A strategy that isn't grounded in execution is worthless. Estj 

There's no se, people are mistaking extroversion for se. Loud != se. Estjs are quite loud too and full of shit. Read up any expose about how he acts and behaves, and you can see the ne si pouring out. 

Te fi should be obvious, it's really not even up for contest.IsfpYes they are the same type

Functions are about cognition, not behaviorSimilar behavior can arise from different cognition. Can look across data to try to understand what the consistent solution is.

There's no Fe at all, either in his work or his interviews; his primary drive is how he feels about things. He cares about perception to the extent that it impacts his feelings.No one here gives a fuck who you label a troll. Your posts have all been borderline retarded.

I already explained that the content and what he talks about is all derived from how HE feels about things, not the socially harmonious feeling about it.

Feel free to post your analysis on how his work and comments are Fe or be labeled a troll.Wanting to help the world is a thought or behavior that different cognition can lead to. In fact many ntjs, with no Fe, especially intjs are interested in helping humanity as a whole.

The functions are exactly their minimal definitions. You try to figure out someone's mode of cognition by trying to understand WHY they behaved that way, not HOW they behaved.A lot of performers who are loud are reserved as individuals.

The question is if he is primarily driven by his need to act or how he feels. There's a healthy dose of both for him, but I would tend to believe that the kind of output and the content of the output he has, he's driven by how he feels.How do you understand anything with incomplete information? 

Whoever has better data, experience, and process is more likely to get it right. I can read over Virginia Woolfs work and understand that it is likely that thought process generating these words is likely a Infp. I can listen to Kanye and understand the person writing this is likely a isfp.

That conclusion can be corrected by seeing contradicting data, but there isn't. So the only argument is who has better experience and process, and based on your posts it's not likely to be you.guts - istp 
griffith - entjQuestion is answered by properly defining the question.Based on what you wrote and how you wrote it it's pretty unlikely you are a entj, and possibly not even TYou are not even in high school, your life experience and understanding of self is objectively going to be minimal.

I'm telling you the way you write screams Ne Si. 

You are either ENTP or ENFP. If you want to claim you don't have feelings, then you are likely ENTP.

It's fine if you don't want to believe me right now, but if you reflect back in 5-10 years, just keep that in mind.Nothing matters except the functions.

The tests don't matter, the letters don't matter. The only way to type yourself is to understand the functions.You didn't do it correctly because you don't understand what the functions are. 

Don't think too hard about this right now. In a broad sense it doesn't matter, the whole point is to better understand yourself and others. You are 14-15 now, come back in 5-10 years, and you will have more data to work with. 

EntjMaybe self centered is a more accurate and slightly more neutral description than selfish.Pretty much all these are wrong, just named a bunch of esxps. The only exception might be furiosa, but that character is not examined enough to know

There will be blood has entj main character

The new Steve jobs movie for obvious reasons

Fassbender also does a convincing ntj in some other movies eg shame (edit to clarify I'm not saying fassbender himself is ntj)

Guy from certified copy is probably also ntj

Servillo plays (I)ntj in some movies eg grande belleza and the consequence of loveAre you asking about Steve jobs

Steve jobs is entjSure, I'm not saying he's ntj, he just happens to portray ntj in a few movies.Don't think you can claim you are something if you don't know what the cognitive functions are.rr martin is not infp, probably intp.Think this is more closely related to pigeonhole principle than anything else.

There are only so many types of relationships and patterns that objects exhibit, either we are composed of discrete objects or we are not. So it's not quite the extraordinary convergence.First person is probably ntpHe is estj not estp like people on this sub like to regurgitate.

People here just match words and ideas without the actual experience and knowledge of what people are in reality.
Because I know what estj and estps are like in real lifethis is one way some older estjs are 

the sort of nonsense that he spews is close to ne te in dimension then se fe. the way he wants to be liked and perceived and the way his ego is fragile is also much more in a fi way. OK, but Neil's comment about consciousness itself is not a F comment, but a fairly T statement. 

If anything, Nye's response is really dumb. are you sure you aren't enfp 

from the way you write

you are lost in your mind in a way a enfj isn't 

it's also very common for enfp to test/type themselves as enfj You are not NTJ. 

Blows my mind that other people that self identify as NTP don't recognize Ne. Is it really the case that Te looks at the subject's mechanical relationship with the object? Seems like that's because of other functions going on, and applicable to all T.

In its purest form Te deduction starts from the object and asks how the object is arrived at. Subject is only considered when and if the context of the problem expands that way.

&gt;ENFP: The sullen warrior 

lulI can see this.

Ne users tend to live in their own perception of reality, and this makes sense since it's stitched together from their subjective senses.From what I've heard My impression was that ne si users already view reality through a lens like this. Could be wrong since I'm not one.Enjoyed your posts.

My impression of Stallman is intp, there are also plenty of interviews and lectures for you to corroborate.Jim Carrey, Arnold schwar as entj lol 😂Are you saying Dwayne johnson is a entj l u l In response to the posts saying there have not been NF presidents, I believe Obama is ENFJ and Clinton is ENFP. Why did you bold the first sentence?

I haven't noticed any cognition I have that doesn't fall under four functions. Frankly all of the remaining functions are completely alien and not how I think about anything ever. It's not underused or unconscious, it just doesn't exist in me.

For example, if you talk to a Fi person do you actually get the feeling that you are processing things in the same manner ever?i think you have two catsIt's pretty Ni also to boil things down to the most distinguishing features. Not really how SJs function. 
1) Friends are overrated, a network is important though, and knowing how to interact with people.

2) If I'm not seeing some sort of benefit in talking to you, I'm not going to talk to you, as simple as that. But I have a very wide view of what might benefit me, and e.g. talking to random old women who initiate a conversation about her afternoon plans while waiting for the train might make me look sympathetic and more like-able in the eyes of the cutie sitting 15 feet from me.

3) I have a high degree of tolerance, but if you wanna discuss politics and you say e.g. France should not accept any refugees for the sole reason that Syria is not France's problem, than I have no interest in talking to you about this topic anymore, and will show you that. Plus, once you've shown me that you're below my standards, I'm not really keen on repeating this experience.

4) Always keep 2) in mind. I can fake a lot by observing others and emulating their behavior as long as I see some potential gain of interacting with you. I can go from resting bitch face to super friendly within fractures of a second, and can instantly reverse my facial expression once you turn away from me. I can be manipulative, but am not really an opportunist.Do you happen to know the definition of a psychopath, or if there even is a commonly accepted definition? If so, please define the word for me, I like to know what you're talking about exactly, and without knowing whether we understand the same thing under a "psychopath" I can't possibly comment on that.Well, I agree with most of this definition - though it's far away from the other definitions I have read so far. 

&gt;someone who [...] only values people by the tangible, surface level benefits they offer them

Tangible/surface level... why so? For me, these terms describe physical dimensions - e.g. I'm only attracted to women who look physically good, thus looking at their tangible exterior, their outer surface - and I don't care about this "only the personality counts"-shit. So we seem to have different understandings of these words.

To me, your description of a psychopath sounds way more like the description of an opportunist - what do you think about that?It could be that you're generalizing, and that your two friends are at the one end of "INTJ-extreme", and I'm at the other end.

After our brief discussion, would you still say I might be a psychopath? What about a sociopath - I don't know the exact definition of that word either, but perhaps you do?I know about the complexity of the topic, and I didn't ask you for a diagnosis, just your impression, out of curiosity. So you're basically saying that 1) a sociopath is worse than a psychopath and 2) you don't think that I'm a sociopath because I seemingly am incapable of emphasizing with other people?So you're revising your previous statement, including your (partial?) definition of the word psychopath... at this point I should mention that I like to experiment in various social settings, and that I reached my goal of confusing you now, so thanks for the talk ;) 

-&gt; BTW, does that alter your perception of me?Being kind of a lone wolf myself, I'm attracted to women who share this trait - so rather introverted women.I'd say at least 1.5 per mille.

You seem to be artistic, weird, and obviously don't know how to put your time to good use... I take a wild guess as I don't give a shit and say ISFP.Most likely ENTJ. First of all, let me state that I likely haven't always been an ENTJ - I know there are those who say that you can never change types. I care as much about these people as I care about those who say that the earth is flat, that the Queen is a lizard and that Justin Bieber is a great artist. I have for a long time identified as an INTJ, but have changed since then.

Before, I didn't care nearly as much about what others thought about me as I do now, I never was fond of meeting new people whereas I'm now more open to the idea, and I am training myself to be more "sociable". I started to care about my hairstyle (before, I had the same haircut for about 21 years, namely the one I had since I was a small child), care about how I dress, I try to smile more, how I smell -&gt; this manifests e.g. in me now carrying a second t-shirt, perfume, deodorant and a cover stick in my backpack, whereas two years ago I rarely even had a second t-shirt with me.

I reduced the focus I had on my "inside life", and observe now more than ever how other people interact with one another and how they interact with me, how I can alter my behavior in order to achieve a desired reaction, and what reactions my sole outer appearance can have. Whereas before I never really wanted to be the center of attention, I now want others to look at me, listen to me, and whenever we have presentations in a subject (university), I'm always ready to present (I'm not demanding to be the presenter, but always offer my service).

Let me give you another example: I'm currently in an internship, related to market research and business development. Part of my job is to e.g. stand in fitness studios for a day and ask random people to participate in a survey. Years ago, I could at best have faked a smile, and been the nice guy (was a tour guide in another internship, I performed... well, good by my standards back then). Now I'm genuinely excited when I see new people coming in, I approach them directly, smile, greet them, I can joke with them, listen to their stories (especially older people like to talk about god and the world, stretching the survey from 5 min to 30 min), I can be charming (like one lady asking me to guess her age, "40?" - "a little bit more" - "42?" - "ha, no, 49" - "ah, well, couldn't tell tell ;) "), remember them, ... I also seem to be attractive to some of the women nowadays, some just display some "signs", or just recently one approached me while I was going home by train.

Besides that, I can openly say that I'm a narcissistic idealist, or idealistic narcissist, whatever you prefer. I wanna end up in politics one day, am hungry for power, but stand on "the good side" and have some pretty clear plans what I intend to do with this power. I desire attention, standing in the spotlight, being in charge etc. In my current internship, we have moved from my boss setting the meetings at the beginning of the internship, to now me setting the meetings and me being brutally honest with them - I also have analyzed my team's internal "alliances" and "lines", and know how to make my opinion and recommendations popular, how I can steer information flows, and how to influence them. Besides that, they applaud me for my productivity, although I could perhaps work 50% faster (there's just too little to do now) - at the very beginning, I worked extremely fast, and as Harvey Specter said in Suits, "first impression is last".

But I'm still pretty fond of my alone-time. I love to hang in front of my laptop and surf on Reddit (reddit.com/u/JerryLeRow for those who are on it), I read very much online, and like to discuss e.g. politics or participate in political simulations (/r/modelusgov for fellow redditors), and I wrongfully interpreted this as me being a die-hard introvert, when actually I love to interact with all those people, train myself, my political skills, my strategic thinking, etc by talking and playing with them - in the outside world, it's just damn hard to find so many people so easily who have the same interests. I loathe partying and drinking, but I sometimes initiate a meet-up with former classmates - in a nice restaurant, a few people and just talking the entire time, without anyone getting drunk or smoking, without loud music and hot air, just a relaxed environment.

So, I for a long time confused my behavior for social introversion, I thought sitting at home in front of the PC for exorbitant times means that I'm a die-hard introvert. But I actually like to interact with people online, get to know strangers and discuss ideas, experiment and get feedback. I love to be in new online-environments (also offline ;) ), and I always want to learn from others.Those that fancy foreign cultures and think that knowing foreign languages is still a must-have for international careers. It's not. I've looked into e.g. Russian, Arabic, Persian, Swedish, Norwegian, Gaelic,..., but wherever you look you got people telling you that you only have to learn them if you wanna read books in their language and are fond of their culture, the businessmen and politicians in the higher ranks with whom you're gonna interact with all know English anyways.I expected a Monty Python clip, but that one fits as well.One might think people like me - who are more likely to be narcissists - are more likely to take care of their body/looks and eat less/healthier. Granted, the correlation between ENTJ and healthy eating won't be breathtaking, but perhaps more visible than for other types.Me: 3) -&gt; :) --- 4) -&gt; :D --- 6) :''(''' [no, I didn't actually cry, I don't display negative feelings]1) What is your MBTI type? ENTJ

2) What is your gender? Male

3) What type(s) do you admire/respect the most? (Why?) I don't like people who submit to group pressure, fail to think on their own and just repeat what others said. Being controversial or unpopular isn't acceptable for most, but those who are, damn, those are good people. Being the narcissist I am I say I respect ENTJs and INTJs the most.

4) What type(s) do you Love/adore? Strong women - the archetype of which is again the ENTJ female, could also be INTJ. NTs in general are quite adorable, NFs to a limited extent (the tipping point is when they e.g. move from being interested in environmental protection to working a full-time summer job for Greenpeace).

5) What type(s) are the most dateable? No dates yet... too picky and too weird.

6) What type(s) would you be willing/want to marry? Too early to say.

7) What type(s) make wonderful friends? Be honest, straightforward, don't shy away from your opinion, and most importantly have the balls to debate with me and not just wink my arguments off by saying "oh you know way more about that than me".

8) What type(s) make you LAUGH? That's not really type-related. I know extremely serene ENTJs, and extremely funny ones as well. Same for many other types.

9) What type(s) are you uncomfortable around or are hard to be congenial with? In general people who aim low in life.

10) What type(s) can you not stand/dislike/respect? Someone who strives to be liked by everyone. Those people don't get far in life. And people who are just way too lazy (like a former classmate of mine who thinks that mild asthma is enough reason to stay permanently unemployed and play Farmville etc all day long).Kinda same here: https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4xs6ge/howd_you_realize_your_type/d6id8q8You're welcome.You see the orange "Description" banner to the right? ----&gt;

Right above it, tick the box "Show my flair..." and below, you click on "(edit)" right next to your name and select a flair.Mobile... that's complicated. If you use Google Chrome's mobile browser, there's an option where you can ask for the desktop version of the site.Show me your sister first...Am I the only weirdo who actually likes this badass?BTW it's spreading: https://www.reddit.com/r/intj/comments/4yf40w/one_of_your_old_members_is_causing_shit_on_our_sub/The comment that triggered this certainly was top notch :|I wonder how the INTJs will react...Seems legit.The sum of all fears.Differing views are preferred, they're more challenging. I can learn a lot from complementary views as well.ENTJ M23I'm pretty sure I changed, and in the past I also interpreted my own behavior in a likely incorrect way. See [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4xs6ge/howd_you_realize_your_type/d6id8q8).&gt;They think they are natural leaders. 

They *know* they are natural leaders.

FTFY.:mindblow:See [my story](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4xs6ge/howd_you_realize_your_type/d6id8q8).The point is that you can have a wrong interpretation of your own behavior which leads to a wrong type.[Here you go.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebph4hbcZd4)&gt;some trick with a pencil 

Salto.... salto... salto... *"OOOUUUUGHHH DAMMIT WHO SHOT ME WITH THIS PENCIL!!??!?!*&gt;she rather keep to herself and work solo

It depends on the people I'm working with. If they are inefficient and stupid, I'd rather ask them to let me do the entire stuff myself rather than getting their input and having to correct most of what they deliver afterwards.

&gt;always "look before leaping"

That's not really something about E/I, but more about the J/P. I like to consider multiple options before I act, sometimes an "inner scenario analysis". Sometimes I'm doing something and stop and just think of other possibilities.&gt;Typing her as either an F or a T is tough because on one hand, she's pretty blunt, but at the same time she's diplomatic enough to not be rude with her bluntness?

More likely T -&gt; she knows what effect her bluntness can have and gets the dosage right.22M, there is exactly one thing a former crush of mine told me when I asked her out (she rejected me), that fits both categories:

&gt; I do believe, though, that you will for sure find a nice girl who is the right one for you and who you will be happy with!

[Sry for the bad translation, English is just my second language.]

Overall, I'm extremely happy about just having made the experience. Those words coming from her were as much heartbreaking as they were heartwarming. I've kept this thread open for hours and keep on refreshing.... I can understand.Thought process:

- Identify and describe problem

- Think of options and scenarios

- Make a choice

- Monitor the effect of my chosen action

Way of thinking: There are days when I wanna know EVERYTHING. Right now, I watched a Lucy-clip (movie from 2014), and the idea of using our brain in a better way with more abilities just fascinates me.Not reaching my goals is my biggest fear. My greatest doubt is whether I actually want a relationship or not. Let me explain...

I've been single all my 22 years on earth, and have so far been doing great - good education, will get my MA in 10 months, excellent feedbacks from my numerous internships, and as I don't go out partying and have no expensive hobbies, I also have a quite nice pile of money in my bank accounts.

I have enormous goals in life, which also require emigrating to the US, and work a lot. Besides that, I'm unwilling to make compromises on big issues - my way or the highway - and generally am an impatient person. I don't like weakness, especially in myself, but also can't really adapt to slower people - e.g. a relative has a dog whom I have often taken out for a walk, but the dog is growing old now, weaker, and I stopped walking with him, simply because I walk two times as fast alone.

The saying "if you wanna go far, go together, if you wanna go fast, go alone" is complete bullshit. Apply logic and take your lifetime as fixed value, the distance as the result ("go far"), then the only thing that will get you far is a quick pace (mph). The faster I go, the further I go, if I go with others I'll go less far because they're slower than me. As simple as that.

When I visualize myself in a relationship, I only visualize the good parts - cuddling, talking, sex, whatsoever - but I'm not sure if I'm open for the bad parts. Let's imagine I'd promise someone to be with her for the rest of her life, whatever happens - do I think I'll slow down if she can't keep up with me? Do I think I'll spend my days 24/7 when she's not doing fine? Do I feel the idea of being with an old version of her, incapable of keeping up a fast pace and slowly deteriorating both mentally and physically, appealing? Can I imagine I won't simply stop spending time with her and let her go if she loses her appeal to me - like the dog? I have to answer all these questions with a "NO". 

Whenever I visualize myself in my future positions, jobs, speeches, whatsoever, I'm mostly alone. I don't visualize anyone next to me. Just me, and lots of new, other people. Perhaps it's true, some people aren't meant to be in a relationship.25/36/u/Cnfsdintj, you do know that people can jump to the results whenever they want? This may falsify your answers.&gt;I think everyone is meant to be in a relationship; it's just human nature. 

Love is not an entitlement.

Yeah, could be that I'm just too immature atm ;D23F and no boundaries? I'm gonna take that literally.

Please fill out the following questionnaire:

[ ] I'm single

[ ] I'm between 20 and 30 years

[ ] I have always had a knack for a sexy Austrian accent

Thanks in advance!

Bonus: what does this approach make you think about me?I know. Like your reply.&gt;My Ti assigned you to a particular secret category.

If that category is called "interesting dudes who might help me learn German for free", then feel free to add me on Discord, JerryLeRow#3799, or on Skype, live:jerrylerow, or just write me a PM for alternative forms of communication like e-mail, emoticon-chat or carrier pigeon ;)

EDIT: Sorry, I forgot to delete the 20-30y line, I just copy-pasted that comment from another thread. That's quite efficient tbh.It's a nickname. I use a special e-mail address, special usernames on Discord, Skype etc, and have completely decoupled my real me from my online me. Don't think that's real personal information.Well, another small screw-up of mine, but another opportunity for learning. As I often tend to say, life experience is the sum of our screw-ups ;)Not a lizard.1) Find a wall near you.

2) Smack your head against it.

3) Repeat until tentacle fantasies go away.

'#FreeAdviceFromJerryWell, you can give it a try then - I don't bite (unless you want me to ;)  ).Not necccesssssary.Let's see... poor orthography, stupid content, no picture, weird description, even weirder post on here.... how about an idiot?I only read a handful.I see little potential correlations. You should ask for people's types and preferred seasons, but even that's hard to say. I love the hot, sunny days in summer and the smell after 5 minutes of rain on a 90°-day, I absolutely adore heavy thunder- and snowstorms (boy oh boy, those make me happy) in autumn and winter, and the slow transition from summer to Halloween-time and on to Christmas.... the only season that's definitely not my favorite one is spring.ENFJ?But not too many faces ;)M or F?I'm gonna pass, but to all the females in here: damn those are some pretty photos ;DA former classmate of mine. I met her just a few days ago, and damn.... why do they always turn into hotties *after* school?

Anyways, I always had her in mind as this "girlie-girl", never standing out of the group, always was how a girl was supposed to be.

And now, she blew me away. Short, stylish hair - she's not one of the many women who just think they look good with short hair but in fact have made a really bad decision, no, it looks really good on her. Same counts for her glasses. Almost no make-up, she was always a natural beauty.

She gives off this very tough, rugged, yet also very sexy vibe. I was honestly surprised how confident and attractive she has become, now she really stands out of the crowd, like the she-wolf type I'm attracted to. Yep, will try to ask her out, chances are high that she's already taken, but meh, worth the risk.

EDIT: Replied to you on the other app ;)Thanks for the clarification.To be frank, a GPA isn't the best indicator for your level of responsibility. What GPA tells me is to what extent you're 1) able to follow instructions and 2) good at memorizing stuff.

&gt;I've broken up with girls that are really dedicated to me because I don't see myself being with them long-term.

That's exactly being responsible. You're protecting both of you from prolonging pain by just ending it if you don't see a future. The longer you stay in the relationship, the more chances she misses to meet her actual dream-man.

&gt;I talk to and hook up with girls who I really shouldn't, and go to parties much more than I used to.

OK, that's slightly reckless, but not unheard of. Plus, there are always two people involved.

&gt;become more social and the lack of importance I put on my own judgment and instincts

You can be social and rely on your judgment and instincts at the same time. I have a hard time finding a reasoning behind your development, but I can assure you that you can revert this development.

I tend to use people to my advantage, and to experiment with them. In the process, I for sure don't hurt anyone, but I'm building an "upgrade" on my current personality partially based on these actions. At a certain point in my life, I will "download" the "upgrade" from my mental "assembly hall" and update my personality.

Let me give you an example: women. Weeks ago, I asked out a girl that I regularly saw on a train. To be honest, I never gave a shit about how she would react - she was hot enough to justify my interest in her if someone ever asked, but flawed enough (smoking, low-energy) to justify a potential brake-up or break-down of the dating process when I get bored. She said no. It was never about getting a "yes", it was me training my interpersonal skills and jumping over my shadow (never asked out a girl this way before, also in public).

Now, I have a new "target" (described [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/543gpv/describe_the_last_person_you_were_captivated_by/d7ynn7z)) which I plan to ask out. And again, chances are high that she'll reject me, and even if she says "yes", we most likely won't get further than one meeting (I'm a weird man, that has scared off many women). Still, it's worth a try, and for sure an add-on to my stock of experience. Unlike other women before who were obviously interested in me, but whom I rejected because I'm a superficial asshole and just didn't like their looks, she's quite close to what I look for in a potential partner of mine.

In general, I love to take in new knowledge from people, and although I always am open to help them in exchange, they rarely contact me. I won't complain about that, less work from them means more time for me. Overall, I have learned that I don't even have to lie to achieve my goals, but apply the right techniques. Those are what I'm crafting and testing right now, and if they're successful I can pack them into my "upgrade". And there are no better teachers than top-tier politicians, especially guys like Schwarzenegger or Trump are great examples of how you can achieve your goals without actually hurting anyone, but using your knowledge of (mass-)psychology and human nature. Fascinating.

So, /u/anxiouslybad, I answered your question. Now I want to know what you think of me.Me being narcissistic is quite likely, but what do you think I'm trying to compensate for?&gt;Sorry I'm high and really hungover, probably trying to make myself feel a little better by attacking and analyzing people on the internet.

No worries, can happen. As long as you know your limits.

&gt;Idk what my life is anymore

I suggest you reply to me again in 12h ;)&gt;are you my narcissistic dad?

Son? Nah, kidding, I'm a virgin ;D

&gt;Nope. No true empathy, not even cognitive empathy.

Well, how would I hurt someone by just acting the way I described above? There's no damage done to those people whatsoever.

&gt;What /u/Obtional meant by you trying to compensate with a massive ego. Narcissists are a special combination of being arrogant as fuck and coming off as crippingly insecure, even if they claim otherwise.

OK, so you see my expectation that she will reject me as insecurity, my inner insecurity that none of those girls will find me attractive enough to say "yes", do I get it right?

Just to clarify, I'm an Austrian. I want to emigrate to the US, and work my butt off to get as far up in their politics as possible. Good luck trying to find a young Austrian woman of my age who is willing to accompany me on that journey. If you find someone, then you also have to take into account that I'm not willing to compromise on the big issues, and that I have no interest in forcing my will upon her, so she needs to have the same preferences. That's a tough task ;DInsanity wolf.#YEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Yes, we do. We want to rule the world, after all./u/anxiouslybad &gt;I see a lot of NT types that want to be edgy and claim how irrational feelings are and think it makes them hard or powerful to repress or ignore them (in themselves or others). But in reality, emotions are a rational result of past or present actions and are a part of nearly every human, and it's irrational to not consider them - you'll almost never reach an accurate conclusion that way.

Have you ever thought that we might come across as edgy because you are potentially unable to keep your feelings under control and are easily hurt/triggered/offended/...? (I know that I'm provocative now)

And we do consider emotions, but what differentiates us from other types is that we're reserved about showing some emotions. I never show pain or any other negative emotions, as this is by too many people perceived as weakness.Some are indeed. But do you have anything to offer based on my initial comment?Aye, lots of mistyping. See another reply from me in a related thread [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/intj/comments/54e92e/popularity_of_personality_types_vs_popularity_of/d818lqp).And pointing to the "downvoted as hell"... my worst comment, according to snoopsnoo.com, has a -8 rating. That's nowhere close to -666. I know I'm often perceived as an edgy, arrogant asshole, but you're giving me too much credit.Ha, ENTJ just seems to be the most fitting. If you'd meet me IRL, you wouldn't think I'm extroverted, rather a loner. Thing is, though, that I just don't see any sense in creating a strong social network in this country when I already know that I want to emigrate one day. So a network here would be redundant, and redundancies are inefficient, and I don't like being inefficient. I've studied humans enough to more or less understand friendships.I treat it as inspiration to be better. Whenever I read descriptions of ENTJs, I always spot some deficits on my side, and being somewhat of a perfectionist, I try to be more like this "ideal" version.&gt;I think I would be read as an introvert as well, but more because it's hard for me to form IRL friendships and I'm really awkward, so I prefer computers. People are hard.

I have specific interests like psychology, politics, economics etc. It's way easier and efficient to go online and e.g. join subreddits where you instantly have thousands of people who share the same interest and have a decent knowledge, than try to find those people irl. It's a question of efficiency. And yes, people are hard - I told my mother today that she should be quiet and let me read the newspaper because she started with her "refugee conspiracy theories" again... she'll be pissed for some more hours.&gt;I like psychology and politics, got very interested during the primaries.

Same here. The Trump phenomenon is thoroughly interesting, and for sure a memorable experience.Dammit, I'd have asked you out by now irl. Congrats to your bf ;D

Tbh, I think the underlying motivators for both candidates make it really hard to see who is the better fit.Coming from Austria, I know the struggle - we have a far-left and far-right candidate in our presidential elections. Our elections just have to be held a third time and we don't have a president since June.

Clinton and Trump both have pros and cons. If we compare the real policy makers, Clinton and Pence, I am reluctant to think that a Trump presidency would be disastrous for the US.Aye, Clinton knows how Congress works. But a GOP-controlled congress would still have powerful, rather moderate leaders like Ryan, McConnell or Corker who could easily reign Trump in. Third parties are at the moment a waste of your vote, to be honest.The only thing that can make such parties relevant would be a mass-defection from dems/reps.True. I love to read and learn about politics, and then train myself in /r/ModelUSGov and other places, but mostly ModelUSGov.&gt;I believe this is a small aspect of why the Millennial generation is crippled with anxiety. All of their success is fully and completely dependent on their own personal success.

Is that bad in any way?

&gt;Instead, to grow one must take deliberate action to move themselves out of the realm of comfort.

True.

&gt;Yet, what if one should desire to focus on aspects of myself where I am truly skilled; to find duality and to thrive off of each others gifts? It's the realm of specialization that I fear has died out in many respects.

Hasn't died out, more demanded than ever. Demand will narrow down due to the rise of AI, but specializations will always be needed.My partner. My top adviser, staunchest supporter, fiercest critic. My  role model, student, teacher. My friend, ally, and in some cases opponent. My lioness, anchor in the storm. And [this](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/e2/fb/64/e2fb64f429dbbf854ce557b55c348a7c.jpg).Far more left.... sadly.&gt;I can't focus on specializing and getting qualifications/ work experience for what I'm gifted at for 5 years doing free/ underpaid work with no place to live

What are you gifted with?

&gt;Mobility in that respect has gone away unless you have money from parents

That, or a good plan.Programmers will at some point become the new marketing guys. AI will more and more take over, and modular programming - like building cars, e.g. VW's MQB-platform - will become more widely used.

Without proper formal education, it'll be hard to start your own company, let alone get hired by one of the big firms.

My recommendation: look into Big Data-management and especially the business side. All of the large consultancy companies look for people with knowledge in this field, and you could after some years in one of those also open your own consultancy.&gt;XNTJ: To change the world. There is nothing new under the sun.

What are you trying to say we don't realize?

There's always room for improvement.It's close to impossible to define MBTI types' levels of stability and intelligence based on the individual types' traits. Furthermore, the graph lacks definitions of the dimensions -&gt; intelligence: EQ? IQ? Both? If both, how are they weighted? stability: you could take anything here, e.g. set up a dimension of jobs or relationships per person in a certain time frame, and then set the lowest value as 0, and the highest as 100.

Final judgment: this post needs some good ol' logic.420.69Hahaha, you're a funny guy/girl.

#Live long and prosper.Can't compute. Logic not found. Please print instruction for your sense of humor.Ah. /u/Flux_n_Uck, go ahead ;)I get lots of alone time, and that's fine. Always depends on the people I could surround myself with.I live in a relatively small, quiet town. Most of the people are not interesting to me, I have a huge network of acquaintances and there's almost no one who hates me, but almost no friends. I prefer to go on Reddit or similar places and find people with similar interests. If I encounter someone really interesting irl - and that's rare - I spend a lot of time with this person.I'm just going to say ENTJs because I want us to be the best in all categories :PAt least I'm honest ;)[29 out of 40.](http://personality-testing.info/tests/NPI/results.php?r=29,6,5,5,5,3,2,3)You can't create new adjectives (=categories here) out of thin air, that's illogical.

&gt;Also despite your success as leaders, you probably lose the most visionary award.

Eeeehhh...... wouldn't be so sure about that ;)We guys are often labeled "rude" or similar things. I've never seen a "rude" ENFJ, as you say, they seem to be people-pleasers."You have to show fate who's the boss"A second, more idealistic motto is "do great good or die trying" -&gt; does that fit the type as well?Stop uploading this stupid picture and use the subreddit in a constructive way.Dominion.Someone should link that to /r/islam. /u/TorTechHelper might get into some trouble, but it at least will be a nice show.You might as well attach [this](http://9gag.com/gag/a0jgy4L).Without idiocy, we have fewer arguments why we and you guys should rule the world. Idiocy is great ;DYeah, but that makes the road to power rockier.Another ENTJ would be great... a lioness, she-wolf or tiger. *Raaawwrr*Aye, a fighting apex predator, not a submissive low-tier element of the food chain.You know, in the good old days posts like this one were at least limited to the /r/intj sub, at a frequency of about 1 post per 3-5 days.

Please don't take the "you're not an INTJ"-posts here.Aye, but the "You're no INTJ"-discussion is blown way out of proportion on Reddit.If we dig out the stats of all 16 subreddits, I'm pretty sure INTJ doesn't exceed 50% of all, and in that percentage are also lots of people like me who just subscribe and occasionally comment in that sub.Totally haram. Infidel :PI'm often seen as one. Most of the time I don't intend to be one ;DMy flair says "ENTJ". The flair's there for a reason ;)Lesson learned: Always look for potentially hidden information.

This is going well so far, huh? :DI hope your boyfriend can satisfy that fetish ;PGotta agree with that guy. Also keep in mind that we could divide between social and cognitive intro-/extroversion, OP.No decoration at all. I have what I need and want. Some say the bare walls are "cold", I wonder what I could possibly gain from having a painting on my walls. I rather have a world map on my desk.No, I'm not so sure about my typing. The biggest argument against me being "E" is my abnormally high asocial behavior, but still very high cognitive extroversion. The asocial behavior is, though, due to my goal to emigrate and the perceived lack of sense of building up a wide circle of friends/acquaintances around here when that network may be obsolete as early as in 3-5 years. 

Same goes for living spaces - why would I now invest lots of money into a nice living space when I most likely would have to sell/throw away a great share of the interior in a few years? Later in life, I of course want a nice home, likely multiple houses (one nice suburb mansion, one house in the countryside/prairie, a log cabin in the snowy mountains,...). Keep that in mind.How come there can't be one official one in the sidebar? @modsDid so already today ;)I assume you mean how. Well, there's something called "masturbation"...Stop posting this pic you moron.How did Key become PM again?1) Supernatural and divine should be treated as something different.

2) I do believe in a separation between the body and the soul.

3) I do not think that the mainstream religions get it right, as most of them were designed in order to make people obedient to certain institutions.

4) In the long run, we have to get rid of religion overall - look around you, many of the conflicts we nowadays have are because of religion.It's just a feeling... I don't think we should rely on religious scholars and teachers to tell us what to believe...I just saw that you made [three](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/58c7ce/i_finaly_get_introverted_or_i_think_i_do/) [other](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/58c8e9/is_this_what_introverted_intuition_is/) [threads](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/58c8wa/to_the_introverted_intuition_doms_please_do_this/)... are you high or something?There's a reason: 4 threads that are badly written and to a great degree don't make sense at all.I fit ENTJ in most aspects, except for my lack of social extroversion (which is mostly due to my plan to emigrate soon and thus not seeing the need for a soon-obsolete social network here).

Only few people I've met so far could classify as ENTJ, but those few are mostly really great people, I get along nicely with them.

Meh, I for long typed as INTJ because I interpreted the questions in the tests in a different way, but overall I couldn't possibly care what type I'm exactly.As long as the ENTJ is the boss, no problemoA predator doesn't throw himself right into the middle. I sit on the side, silently observe the others, analyze them, understand who they are.She's a centrist. That's not bad at all, what is bad is that she simply says whatever she needs to say to get elected and then denies that she ever changed her opinion...I always saw progressive as left...LET THE DOGS OUTIt's about analyzing the human mind, what per se is a task that can never be fulfilled to 100%.Alliances will be the natural consequence, and it's likely that the group will split and claim a certain territory.Rather serious and unapproachable. I'm rather feared and respected than trying to be the easy-going joker who tries to make a friendly impression to everyone.Rational thinking, scenario analysis, strategic mindset, foresight.It's a very interesting phenomena. That's kind of the point where you stop believing that a politician doesn't have to be a saint, but at least a comparably decent human being.... he's an extraordinary, unusual strategist.Being a narcissist is a prerequisite for running in such an election.Please... I'm listening to the Mormon Tabernacle Choir's Christmas songs since August.[THANK YOU!](https://media.giphy.com/media/1Z02vuppxP1Pa/giphy.gif)If I ever meet the right girl, she'll be the only human on earth whom I'll trust 100%. That's very extreme for me.Boo!&gt;Is there a type or function that seeks to be in control, have power, have others admire them, be respected, looked up to? 

LOOK AT ME! :DSavage. Can understand you though.1. Gamma

2. No, because I'm Austrian.

3. See [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/geopolitics/comments/5byxc0/donald_trump_is_the_new_president_of_the_united/d9sq9qi/).

4. Let me elaborate on that a bit longer: Hillary was favored because she was a low-risk candidate. Risk in this case means that the real outcome differs from the expected outcome. The likelihood of her screwing things up was always very small, likewise the likelihood that she would have become a great president was very small - she would have been Obama #3 with a more hawkish foreign policy. Trump is a high-risk candidate. It's likely that he fucks up big league, but he also has the possibility to become one of the great presidents. To achieve that goal, he has to be careful and thoughtful in what he does, and I wish him all the best for the next four - or eight - years.&gt;What would it entail for you, if we were able to say that Trump had become one of the great presidents?

We can best answer this question in 4 years from now.

The criteria by which people will judge him are his promises. Keep in mind that he's someone who is by many supporters taken rather figuratively, whereas especially opponents tend to take him literally. You shouldn't take him literally - he's a demagogue, he knew exactly what he had to say in order to get elected. HRC understands the system, but he understands the people. 

Plus, keep in mind the story of his campaign approaching Kasich about the Vice Presidency: Kasich was offered to be in charge of domestic and foreign politics (=all politics), Trump's job would be to MAGA. Kasich declined, but the new Vice President is a highly respected six-term Representative and one-term Governor, a man who knows the system and could become the most powerful Vice President in US history. A lot of the things signed by Trump will bear the handwriting of Pence. They're in a symbiotic relationship, both Trump and Pence and Trump and the GOP - he gets the fame, the glory and power that the presidency entails, whereas they get a completely red - red House, red Senate, red White House, and soon red SCOTUS - government, the wet dream of every Republican.

The Democrats will now have time until the midterm elections to revamp their party, starting with the election of Keith Ellison as DNC Chairman. The era of the Clintons is over, once and for all, and now Sanders will be able to transform the party hand in hand with Ellison, Warren and other progressives. After that transformation, they will be able to fish a lot of the voters who felt forgotten and voted for Trump now and will be able to lure them back to the Democratic Party.

The irony is that Trump, the candidate who is seen as the worst choice, may actually be the best that could have happened to the nation in a long time. The election alone has such an enormous effect on the political landscape, and will transform politics for a long, long time, and no matter how Trump is seen at the end of four - or eight - years, no one can deny that this transformation, this wake-up call (also for the rest of the world where the ruling, old parties now see that they have to change) is a remarkable legacy of him.I obey rules when they make sense. Otherwise I override them.Nah, they're saying "we had to find 16 different colors for the tags and have to make each of them as distinct as possible".I'd have loved to see a pink-camouflage flair for a feeling type...I don't really understand it. If you see life as a computer game, love is an add-on, it's not necessary to complete the main storyline.What would be your assessment of the actual lyrical character rather than the actors?Same here. For a long time I got INTJ, then I revised my interpretations of some questions and got ENTJ.... they're a guiding system, not the ultimate truth.Was ready for worse. Out of curiosity, why do you think all ENTJs are unethical?&gt; Eg) Every one lies on their resumes so I will lie on the resume to get a Job.

Bad example. I'm just 23, but due to lots of internships and good results I'm frequently told that I have an outstanding CV. No need for lying.

&gt;The endless what-ifs in your shitty heads make you paranoid and leads to unethical action from others which leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy which you all end up preaching.

I usually don't really care about informal rules that others have set and simply follow them when I see them as correct, but disobey them when I don't see them fitting into my worldview.

---

You have a weird perception of ENTJs. What have we done to you in the past? :P&gt;I guess reading comprehension is not your strong suit.

It is actually one of my stronger suits.

To be fair, though, you call us "timid, paranoid and cunning", so my assumption that you have some negative experiences with people like me is valid.

If you're unwilling to hold a constructive discussion, though, then don't wonder why your post is downvoted.Not interested. I recommend you read up on some MBTI-related theory and stop stereotyping people, and refrain from making such senseless posts in this sub.Do you think I was too harsh?Hilldog understands the system, but he understands the people, as much as I hate to say it. But when you run a candidate who has to undergo a "humanization" process, including being told when to laugh, it's not surprising that the opponent wins.Do you really think that that's a type issue?
Being productive and getting as much stuff done as possible every day-- that includes work, social life, sports, etc. I want to feel accomplished when I go to bed every night.I get really excited to learn new stuff. I wanna learn (and be proficient at) as much as I possibly can.I think one of the major problems here is that people automatically associate the stereotypes with each MBTI type. Believe it or not, REGARDLESS of someone's type, you can be well-rounded and have clear development of functions outside of Ni Te Fi Se. 

I'm not saying that people can't mistype themselves. But if people are making these judgements purely from stereotypes, then this is a waste of time. In what sense are you speaking? Romantically?

I know xNTJs do generally complement XNTPs fairly well, but there certainly are other types that probably do, too. Hahaha NO. Not how ENTJs typically speak. I am ENTJ and I often test as ESTJ. Undeniably strong Te, high development of both Ni/ Si, so my results flip flop. Nearly nonexistent Ne development, decent Se and Fi development... definitely ENTJ over ESTJ. It's okay to have well-developed functions outside of the ones you're "supposed" to have. Just means you're likely more well-rounded/ healthy. ENTJ.

I woke up seeing the results and immediately felt so sick to my stomach that I couldn't even do my morning run. And I NEVER skip my morning run. 

This election just sucked overall. Things would have been different with Bernie. I was at a wedding recently and the topic of MBTI came up. One of the girls at the table waited to speak up and then said "Well I'm an INFJ, I am special and unique, unlike most others." And was completely serious. I think the way in which Te is used differs depending on the person/ type. For instance, Te in an INTJ is an aux function and might manifest differently than in an ENTJ, where it is the dominant function. Sorry, my comment was about Te in general and not limited to aux Te. I know that I'm pretty stereotypical dom-Te in that I usually immediately take charge and set out a plan whenever it comes to group projects, etc. I often don't come across that situation though, so for me, it's mostly just me setting out a plan for myself in accomplishing whatever task is at hand. I have had situations where I'm working with INTJs and it seems like they wait to see if someone else is going to step up first before they make a move. I do that too, sometimes, mostly because I don't want to be domineering and want to give people a chance to step up if they want, but usually it just ends up being the situation where no one wants to step up so I gladly do. "Those people"

Wow.

It's like you're trying to explain against a stereotype by using another stereotype. I'm sorry, but you clearly don't seem open to honestly accepting peoples' opinions/ feedback based on the post you made yesterday and your responses today. Also, I'm not sure you realize how extremely disingenuous it appears for you to make a post yesterday, get told opinions by several different users, refuse to accept those opinions and then make a separate post with several key changes in how your motivations/ behaviors are represented. It just seems so much like you're actually wanting to hear a specific answer... so as far as I'm concerned, your credibility in terms of your "true motivations" flew out the window long ago. So, you're just confirming that you refuse to be open to discussion on the subject? Why did you even make a post? 

Also, everyone has qualities that other people are able to see more clearly than the person can see him or herself.  I know in the ENTJ subreddit, there used to be themes for certain posts on certain days. 

It would be cool if maybe the subreddit dictated that all "type me" threads were reserved for one day of the week. At least then, people who don't care for them can avoid coming on, say, Mondays.. and people who like typing people would know to show up on Mondays. 

Not saying that all posts would need to be organized, but since "Type Me" posts are ridiculously over the top nowadays, at least it would cut down on cluttering the page with those posts every single day. I think this would work better than a completely separate sub because I think some people might be hesitant to post in the separate sub since there's a much larger/ more experienced population here already. Yeah, that's why I rarely go into either XNTJ subreddits anymore.. it can be so circlejerky... but it seems like a lot of the time, the posts that are made that I cringe at are often made by younger people who have a lot of developing left to do. 


Honestly, I think a large part of it has to do with maturity and development. With every wave of NTs who learn and mature, a new wave will soon follow. Not everyone who comes here is going to be at their healthiest. That being said, you will find that across ALL subtypes, not just the rationalists. I wonder how many people have joined within the last year since that was posted? I was going to say, I would be surprised if no one suggested it before. We had a similar issue in another subreddit I closely follow-- and the difference was that within a year, the subreddit gained over 7000 people so it was kind of the tipping point of that type of post-organization being "unnecessary" to being significantly more relevant. I daydream a lot.. mostly while I have little breaks at work or when I run. When I'm running, I can honestly get lost in daydream for miles at a time (I run the same few loops in my neighborhood so I go on autopilot and then just get lost in my head). A lot of the stuff I daydream about is some kind of ambition-driven thought. Ie, I'll daydream about racing Olympic track athletes, etc. Totally unrealistic but I guess it keeps me really motivated. Most of my daydreams have been like that for as far as I remember being an athlete. I found this post to be really interesting! I always found it kind of funny because I'm a very optimistic/ happy person in general, but a lot of my favorite music is really dark, raw, depressing stuff. I would say when I'm not listening to that type of music, it's usually some kind of really energetic music/ something with a really good beat (EDM/ house kind of music, sometimes 80s music)-- those are what I listen to when I wanna zone out and get stuff done (running, work stuff, etc.). I would take a song with amazing lyrics/ terrible voice over a song that has a good beat/ forgettable lyrics any day. "But you can't be an (insert MBTI), you aren't (insert very negative stereotype that mostly represents immature population of this type).""You don't fit this stereotype, therefore, you must not be that type."

Come on, really?Shadowbeatz - INTJ

I would think that there would be more introverted gaming youtubers than extroverted, in general (not that there can't be extroverted gamers, but in general, the gaming community is largely represented by introverts). You just described Ryan from The Office. Honestly, I think the difference between immature Fi and mature Fi corresponds to the difference between a (somewhat) pleasant EXTJ and the really negative stereotypes of EXTJ. 

Poorly developed inferior Fi is the shitstorm you often see coming out of EXTJs when they don't get what they want. This can even extend to tert Fi in IXTJs.

I would describe a more mature inferior Fi-user in a head vs heart state more often than that of an immature Fi-user. Ah. I didn't see Op specifiy any specific ordering of the Fi, and considering several others were commenting on Fi in various positions, was contributing my experience as a Fi user with other Fi users. I agree with this also. 3w2 here. I would also be really interested in the elaboration on the "time" aspect, mostly to see how other ENTJs relate (out of curiosity). Just your typical circle jerk "XNTJs are all stereotypical, self-centered, arrogant egotists" post. Because clearly mature, healthy ones cannot exist.I had the same thought process.
I can't tell you, but I know it's out there. If there's one emotion that is powerful enough to make me feel it, it has to be love. Right?INTP if I had to take a guess, mostly due to their neverending thirst for knowledge, as well as their Dominant Ti and Tertiary Si helping them remember useless minutiae. I think their only weakness in trivia is their typical lack of knowledge in regards to popular culture.Te: Typically manifests as a need for gathering factual information from external sources, like books or any other external source. Also manifests as an absorption of the reality around you, and an awareness of what's going on. Typically makes you a very proactive problem solver.

I can't be bothered to the rest. Look at the right side of your screen and scroll down. There's a list of the types and their cognitive functions. Follow the ENTJ link. It's far better at explaining this than I am, and I need to finish some homework.Nah, at a certain point we have to ask how much privacy should we maintain with the ever improving technology today. I think a line needs to be drawn long before our thoughts.Because it's not as easy to impress people when you're fat as shit. If you look strong, or tall (which I'm not) you come across as more imposing and authoritative. How could I ever become powerful if nobody listened to me?Bullshit. I believe it's more than that. You love your parents, your siblings, your friends, etc. Doesn't mean you want to fuck them. There's no purpose in loving somebody who's dead, but we all do. It's far more than just a chemical reaction. There's something else to it.Not sure if I could type anyone I ever met as ISFP. I don't really dislike any type though. I'm pretty tolerant of other people.Grew up in rural fucking upstate New York. Not a lot of intelligent or driven people here. That being said, I ruled over my corner of the world. I was well liked by most everyone, and known as a genius, albeit a much lazier one than I am now. Now I live in the city of Rochester, which is much more private due to the sheer number of people. I'm doing alright though, because I thrive in almost any environment.Far right if I had to guess one1. Never study, usually don't even read the course material
2. Get B+ or A literally every timeIn college now. Smooth sailing so far. My advice is do all of your homework. That little bit of practice is more than enough studying for me. It's not anywhere near as hard as people say it is.Don't sweat it. I have every intention of leaving as large a mark as possible on this Earth. Where that mark will lie remains to be seen."It is not enough that I succeed, others should fail."Your friend is an INFP. I guarantee it.I think I'm fine as I am. If I had to choose a different one then I'd say INTJ or ENFJ. I feel dominant Fe would be a real learning experience for me, since I almost entirely lack it.ISTJ. It does what it's told and nothing more. It's pragmatic, but incapable of going off the code.I believe the original Sherlock was an INTP as well. Television and film adaptation do poorly at maintaining his character though. He always winds up being INTJ or ENTPISFP is my best guess. You seem to be very Fi heavy. Also Se leads to that feeling of being caged. I also picked ISFP due to your love for animals and plants. Seems a very ISFP fact to include in my opinion.I don't believe in trying to fit in. If people don't want me as I am then fuck them.You're letting your image of what every type is cloud your judgment. Trust me, being an ENTJ doesn't automatically make me a cutthroat ambitious go-getter, same as every INFP isn't Fox Mulder. MBTI is fantastic for understanding how people think. I think the label of it as a personality test kind of misconstrues the purpose of the test. Your cognitive processes do tend to bring out similar behaviors in people who share them, but that doesn't mean anything. I have an ESTP best friend who isn't really into extreme sports or anything like that, and doesn't care much about partying anymore. I have an ENTJ friend who dropped college to work at McDonalds, and an ISFJ friend who's an asshole to most people outside of our friend group. I have an ENTP friend who sucks at debating. People don't always fill molds.ENTJ registered Republican, although I lean more Libertarian than Conservative. I believe every man, or woman should have complete power and authority over themselves, but never over anyone else.Predominantly E. ESTP sister, ESFJ stepmother, and a father who is xSTJ. Brother who I'd guess as ISTP as well. All S besides me.I'm very ISTP when I work. I'm intensely focused on what I'm doing at all times and focused on getting my work done. I don't talk to pretty much anyone, and I pick up what I'm learning when I'm doing something new incredibly fast.Everything about who you are is nature and nurture. Much like political affiliation, or mental disorders. You begin with your preferred cognitive functions as a child. However, your environment and your usage of each function more completely develops your personality. Somebody like me, born with naturally strong Ti and Ne should have naturally been an xNTP. However, I've developed my cognitive functions as I've grown. While young Alec was an INTP, adult Alec developed to use Te and Ni more than I ever would have if I didn't grow in the environment that I did. I have strong Ti and Ne still, but Te and Ni have been conditioned far more over time.I'm really passive towards other peoples affairs. Everything involving me is done my way though. There is no other way, and if somebody else is involved in something with me, I am always the dominant force.Of course I'm willing to listen to somebody more knowledgeable. But ultimately I won't do something if I feel it isn't the best thing for me personally. I act out of self interest. If it's in my best interest to listen to somebody else's advice on a topic then of course I'm going to do that.I believe you may be able to tell sometimes. But I don't believe it too terribly accurate. For one, children are far more emotional than adults. Also, their personality is bound to change by puberty, and even more so by adulthood. This is due to a large portion of cognitive processes being developed by your environment. For a hypothetical example, I may have had very strong Fe as a child, but I've lost a majority of my usage of that function as I've aged. I never use it, so it's very weak like a muscle that isn't used.I have a fairly strong sense of justice, but I don't have much in the way of empathy. I don't believe in wronging people, unless the benefit to me overtakes the trouble I'd cause myself, not in terms of guilt, but in terms of having to solve more problems. I guess I hold the Golden rule in high regard still, because if I don't then I'm inviting myself unnecessary trouble. Much like everything else, I truly only treat others well because it benefits me to be held in higher regard.If they were supposed to be prepared I have less than zero sympathy for them. If it's something they're new to then I don't really expect them to have a fucking clue though. I'll help those who need it, but they have to be willing to help themselves.60 for right brain, although I've driven a bit today, so I'm fairly impatient right now. 70 for people watching, but same issue. I kind of just went off instinct for both tests.I'd be the monster for the greater good of mankind. The ends would justify the means in this situation, and children have been tortured and cut down in their youth for far less of reasons before. If this child must be sacrificed to prevent the torture and murder of every child that would come after then I wouldn't even think twice.I played a Paladin in my last game. I think we all deep down wish we could be the hero.Reading people. They're like fucking books to me.I don't really clash with anybody. I'm laid back and understanding people is almost a sixth sense for me. Because of that, I maintain dominance with whoever I talk to. I get along fine with anyone I meet.I think Mr. Incredible isn't living in the past so much as he is bored with the 9-5 life he's been pushed into. Definitely an Se trait. I think he's an ESFP, but I may be misremembering the movie. It's been years since I watched it. Syndrome is definitely an ENTP though, and Elastigirl really gives off an xSFJ vibe if I remember correctly. Dash is an ESTP, and I think Violet is an INFJ.Yes, but what I'm saying is that when you're Fi or Fe is being used, how does it manifest itself for you personally?ISFP is estimated to be the type of ~9% of the population, although typing yourself or others is fairly difficult. This number might be inaccurate, because I honestly can't think of any that I've met off the top of my head right now. Of course this has a lot to do with Fi being the hardest function by far to observe.I grew up dirt poor until I was about 10. I understand the value of frugality more than most people I know today because of it. You understand why you should have a nest egg when you spend months at a time eating hot dogs and ramen noodles because dad's laid off indefinitely. We've got money now, but I still remember what it's like to make a $10 pair of Walmart sneakers last a year and a half, and I will do anything to insure that my children never go through that.High social status doesn't come from being an athlete, or partying constantly. It comes from your confidence in who you are. Nobody will believe that you're anything if you yourself don't believe that you are. Be confident everywhere you go, and people will almost always instinctively believe that you have reason to be.To answer your other questions, I don't really care about social status. I don't care about anybody else's opinion of me, especially when they don't know me as well as I know me. This attitude only oozes confidence though, and actually makes me more popular than I ever asked to be.My dad had to start traveling out of town to find work. It sucked, but he did what he had to in order to provide for us, and he was always there when we truly needed him.Intelligence 9
Looks 8
Almost positive I'm an ESTP, and a very self assured one at that.Most Universally Likable: ESTP

Most Universally Unlikeable: ENTJ or ESTJ

Most Universally Misunderstood: ENTJ or ESTJ

Most Universally Socially Unaware: INTP

Most Universally Funny: ENTP

Most Universally Serious: IxTJ

Most Universally Focused: ISTJ

Most Universally Unfocused: ENFPxSTP, and ENTJ might be a close third. They're rational and level headed, and if they have strong Se then they'll still be good at the fighting, as well as being able to have plans A through Z in case anything goes wrong.I don't think about it. Too many people are so focused on what happens when they die, that they completely forget to live. I won't let that happen to me.Probably hanging at home. Might watch an entire season of something. Maybe I'll go to the gym this afternoon. Who knows? But I'm gonna find out.My mom was an alcoholic. She was negligent towards me and my siblings, and after my parents separated she spent years attacking my father in every way she could. She ran away to Texas when my twin sister and I were 4. Our older brother was 8. Ever since she came back she has done her best to avoid contact, but still puts up all the fucking pictures as if she's in our lives. She still takes all the credit whenever somebody tells her how good her children are. It's what has made me the unfeeling black hole of a man I am today. The worst part of all of this is that when I saw this thread, I forgot about what she's done. Not because it's anything you can forget, but because I don't see her as my mother anymore. She was never there for me.Sociopath. Thanks for saving me a trip to the doctor and a stigmatized diagnosis.Extroverts are more grounded in reality than in their own head. Much more quick witted. Tend to be a little more charming. Not as pseudo-deep as a lot of introverts. Albeit, introverts are just as capable in ways that I can't be fucked to write about in a thread about extroverts.Probably Midas' touch, assuming I was able to be selective with it. I wouldn't want women turning into gold in front of me. Plus I feel handshaking is important to being a man, and nobody would ever want to do it if I automatically turned them into gold. But I would just start donating to charity. Start feeding villages, or buying a fuckload of mosquito nets to protect against malaria. Although, having enough excess to help your fellow man is a superpower of its own.Of course I do. If I'm alone I speak my internal thoughts out loud though. It helps to organize my thoughts and gives me a better perspective on my situation.I love arguing with people. The only way I can describe the feeling I get when I obliterate somebody is almost manic. It feels so great to tear apart another persons argument. As for physical altercations, I've never been in one. But I'm sure I could hold my own.Jock- ESTx

Cheerleader- always an ESFP

Nerd- INTJ

Stoner- xNTP

Token Minority- ISTJ, assuming he's truly a token, and not a developed character

Nice Guy- usually an ISFJ, occasionally an INFJ, but not often.

Virgin/Sole Survivor- xNFJ is my best guess

Killer- ISTPMother is INFP, Father is uncertain to me, and stepmother is ESFJ.Best guess for father is ISFP actuallyAn ENTJ, fucking hands down. Te and Ni makes changing the world possible, and taking what you want from it a likelihood.A lot of protagonists are hard to type, but there isn't an overwhelming number of SJ protagonists really. I know you feel they're SJ's because they're not fully fleshed out human beings, but being underdeveloped or shallow doesn't necessarily make a character an SJ. Even as an NT I'm sure people have looked at you and thought you didn't have much behind the eyes. And stop acting like a fucking special snowflake. I know at least a dozen NT's personally, and I don't even get out of the house much of the time.I don't ever talk about it, although I find it fascinating that almost all people can be organized by their cognitive function stack. I just wish it wasn't called a personality test by so many people. It makes MBTI sound really pseudosciencey. Rather, it's a way to understand how a mind absorbs information and experiences. Many people of the same type exhibit similar personality traits.Third wave feminism complains about a lot of issues that aren't issues anymore, or statistics that they don't understand. For example, the wage gap is the median income of both genders in the country across all careers. This isn't a job by job measurement. Women earn far less on average because they work at lower paying jobs that help people, such as nursing or teaching, far more prevalently than men. Besides that, it doesn't account for men being more likely to ask for a raise when they feel they deserve one, or the overwhelming number of men in STEM degrees. Do women get judged for being STEM majors? Probably more than I've seen, but they should never stop chasing a dream because somebody told them they shouldn't. They're throwing their complaints at a statistic they don't know anything about, and they spout it as if a law that already exists isn't being followed. There's better stuff to complain about, and there are women around the world who have far worse of situations than the women here. Why not find ways to help your fellow woman achieve the rights you take for granted? Overall, my complaint is that your average feminist is just chasing the wrong solutions to some real problems. For the record, I'm a Te dom man, so sorry I didn't abide by your rules, but I feel I should add my opinion.Share your opinion then, instead of whining. You have the freedom to say or write whatever you want. Fucking act like it.Gender roles are hard wired into us. It's difficult to change instinct, even while actively going against it. It's difficult to tell society to change when we've had gender roles since the dawn of humanity. The exact responsibilities vary by culture, but gender roles are not a social construct. They've been necessary to our survival as a species up until very recently. It's going to be several more generations of comfortable living before that mindset is gone. We try not to force gender roles as much as we used to as a society, but the instinct is still strong inside of everybody. It's why many men feel the need to maintain gender roles, and why many women, feminists included have at one time or another felt compelled to reinforce these roles. To say they should just stop being enforced is wishful thinking.I've always felt that you should exercise your rights as far as you can. To hell with society. People can't stop you from being yourself, and they can only shame you as far as you respect their opinions. For example, how I've apparently gotten nothing but downvotes in this thread. The opinions here won't change my interpretation of facts. If the people here are so fragile in the face of another opinion then they aren't worth my time.Of course we should attempt to curb shaming, but we also must recognize that it won't go away. I believe we should more eggs in the basket of raising confidence in ourselves, as well as making our self-esteem completely independent of outside influence. Both are really pipe dreams that we'll never live to see accomplished, but I believe thicker skin makes the world far easier to cope with.Of course. We need to be reinforcing the idea that we aren't all going to become the same as we grow, and that that's more than okay. I believe the message I'm trying to put out is being misconstrued here. I want acceptance and tolerance. I want everyone to have the same possibilities, as inherently impossible as that may be. I just have a much different approach than normal at achieving what can only ever be a dream if we approach these issues as we are now.This is fun. Do ENTJ next.I honestly went based off of Tertiary and Inferior function. Te and Ni basically battle for the dominant position constantly, and I can be very reserved and calculating at times, but Se is far more powerful than Fi in my stack. I lean more ENTJ than INTJ, although sometimes I act very introverted.Not being a fan is justified, but it must also not be completely ignored.That last part is beyond fucking true. No other ENTJ that I've ever met is good at dealing with their emotional issues, and nor am I. I think it's the lack of practice with feeling. We're so logical and ambitious that we tend to ignore our feelings as meaningless. When we do feel strongly, it's uncharted territory for most of us.An ISFP? No fucking thank you.Depends if something needs to get done. If it does then I'm serious and unapproachable. If I don't need to do something at that very moment I'm very easygoing though. Not sure if I would say I come off as approachable, but I certainly don't mind talking to people during my downtime. That is, assuming it isn't shit like "How about that weather?" If its small talk they want then I want nothing to do with them.A society needs an ENTJ to lead, some SJ's to follow, and an xNTP to come up with ideas. Also, put an ISTP in charge of a large task and it'll be done before any short task. Christmas is great because my family gives me money every year. But besides that, I'm spending my Christmas Day on an airplane to San Diego. Going to visit some family for a couple weeks.ENTJ, and I think that it's hard to place him on a political spectrum. For example, in terms of law and order he's very authoritarian, but not in the traditional conservative manner. He's not religiously inclined. His ideas on immigration and dealing with terrorism is bordering on far right, and yet him and Rand Paul have been the only two candidates of this election that I can recall as having stated that they would approach Vladimir Putin diplomatically, while most other candidates have sought a more aggressive approach in handling a man who has been unchecked and grown into a potential adversary. Economically he has many positions on both sides of the fence. For example, he wants to decrease spending in several areas and taxation on both the citizens and business. However, he also seeks interventionist policies in terms of importing foreign made goods, such as tariffs. He wants to implement term limits on Congress, and cut back on special interest groups appealing to the government. As a candidate, you can clearly see how some of his polarizing stances have alienated many independents, as well as his lack of a filter, something which won him his early success and eventual nomination. He isn't a politician, and while many are excited due to the current state of politics, many more are afraid of the uncertainty that upsetting the status quo brings. Very interesting candidate to observe. I don't feel stronger either way about him though. Overall he's too far left in some areas and too authoritarian for my liking. However, I do believe that his campaign has opened the door for a better Libertarian candidate than Johnson to come along in 2020, especially if he wins. Honestly, nearly any other Libertarian than that personality lacking imbecile could've won this election, with two incredibly polarizing candidates like Hillary and Donald Trump. He's a fool and he lost it though. He's running his entire campaign on the premise that he isn't Trump or Hillary, which is fucking stupid, but he doesn't understand enough about governing to say anything besides "Vote Your conscience by picking somebody with no real strong convictions." That said, Rand Paul will have my support again in 4 years if he runs, and if not then Austin Petersen.I've wondered myself, but I'm more likely to take a leadership role than I am to work alone. I wouldn't really say I'm unapproachable when I work. I like to help others if they need it. I just can't abide fucking around when there's shit that needs to get done.I don't hate small talkers, but they bore me and I'll go out of my way to avoid having to answer "How's college?" for the hundred thousandth time this year. I don't like small talk, because it's a massive waste of a conversation when you truly listen to people. I love true conversations about stuff that matters, and I tend not to bother with much else.I believe T's to be best in regards to cognitive empathy. For example, I completely understand the mood of those around me. I can calculate what they're feeling, almost as if I'm reading their mind. I can adjust how I act to illicit any response I want, positive or negative. I understand their every emotion, but I don't feel any of what they're feeling. I would make an excellent psychiatrist if I felt like it, because I can rationally approach something that many people can't. I don't let their feelings cloud my judgment. Overall, I believe feelers can relate better, while thinkers, especially cognitive empathizers like myself, are far better at motivating based off of what another is feeling.How am I unable to distinguish my feelings from theirs? I don't feel their emotion at all. I understand it, I know where it comes from, but I don't feel any of it. However, I'm only certain of this because whenever I've talked about how somebody else feels with them my hunches have always been right. Thanks for your diagnosis after reading a paragraph about my experiences with empathy though. It's always good to diagnose without ever meeting a subject.Exactly. I read people right down to body language and looks in their eyes. I just don't feel their feelings in tandem with them. I don't understand how that makes me a narcissist, but Retardo Montalban up there is the fucking expert I guess.That's like saying everybody with a mustache is a pedophile. It's not that simple, kid.True. I've wondered in the past what was wrong with me, considering both NPD and ASPD because I'm very unemotional, and moreso when I was younger I didn't care about what I said or did to others. I am a very proud person, but I lack many of the symptoms of NPD. I've wondered about ASPD, but I doubt it. I don't have the disregard for others that's common with sociopaths anymore, and I don't hurt things or people whenever I can help it. I think I just lack heavily in the emotional department.Best friend: ESTP
Close friends: ENTJ, INTJ, ISFJ, ENTP
Other friends: ESFP, ESTP, ISTJ, another ESFP
Family: ESTP sister, ISTP brother, ESFJ stepmother, ENTP father, INFP mother
I have a good number of other friends, but I'd be here all night if I didn't stop somewhere.Honestly, xNFJ's seem like the types to me. Although from experience INFJ's seem more sensitive and more likely to be bothered by something than an ENFJ who's busy running around vomiting sunshine.Same. Especially considering that my sister is my twin. It effectively doubled the size of my friend group growing up.Not really. I'm constantly thinking or doing something. Also, like u/HaroldHeenie said if you have to consider nihilism then you're not a nihilist. You're probably just bored. Don't actively search for a worldview, just sit back and look for yourself. Your worldview doesn't need an official label, or an ideology to back it.It's great having a twin. I know that a cliche people say about twins is that they can read each others minds, but it's honestly true sometimes. And not only is she my sister, she's easily one of my closest friends.I yell a lot. I sing. I do stupid shit like jumping on tables or jumping over things. I wouldn't say I become funnier, but I become really fun to be around. When I'm drunk I can entertain anyone.Exactly the same as normal usually.Intelligence comes from your ability to take in the world around you. The ability to absorb information and understand it, and then to apply what you've learned. I've met intelligent INTJ's, as well as INTJ's who just don't get it. Threads like that are the reason xNTJ's get a bad rep. It's why I avoid r/ENTJ and stay here. My views get challenged oftentimes, and that's really important if you're still seeking knowledge and understanding. Circlejerking makes you an idiot.I believe understanding how people think and absorb information is great in terms of helping you reach that person. You can motivate those who need it. You know what kind of humor somebody's likely to enjoy. You know how to word an idea to an interested person to make it sound best. It's truly a great way to understand why people think and act how they do. I believe understanding is key to dealing with people.ISTJ it seems.Ti forms hypotheses that it then uses the outside world to try and validate their original theory. Te looks at the outside world first and then forms a conclusion based on the hard evidence at hand. At least, this is the conclusion I've come to.No fucking way I'd die. I'm too good at everything to lose a fight.My guess is ENTJ. The preparation for several potential outcomes and the mask wearing screams Ni to me. The organization and critical nature tells me powerful Te, as well as your appreciation for success. Desire for material wealth says Se, unless through Te you view wealth as a means to a greater end as I do, although it doesn't seem that way. I'm almost certain you're an ENTJ.I don't. Men don't have feelings.I went when I was 8 I believe. I'd diagnosed myself as having obsessive compulsive disorder, and my parents took me to test my theory. I was correct. I also later diagnosed my older brother with antisocial personality disorder, which I kept to myself due to the potential problems such a bold accusation may cause. It was a diagnosis that my parents only recently shared with me as having been correct. Mental illness has always fascinated me. I've never been since though, because if I have issues I'm not seeking any help for them.Honestly I just love dogsENTJ- disrespect is my biggest pet peeve. Not just towards me, but towards just about anyone. I don't tolerate it in my presence.I accepted my condition and I work with it. Acceptance is the most important thing when dealing with any kind of mental issue. It's not easy sometimes, and I occasionally get distracted by it if something rubs me the wrong way, but it's not too hard to live with.ENTJ's are the worst to be around. There can be only one.ESFP by my guessThis is definitely up there, but I've learned to simply ignore them until they approach me with their issue. They'll either come out and say it or they'll let their issue drive them crazy.It's not enough that I should succeed; others should fail.ENTJ. My twin sister is ESTP.ENTJ. Accurately predicted 47 states beforehand. Didn't see PA or WI going red. Also had NH going red instead of blue. I'm pretty good at that. But I think many people are overreacting and fearmongering right now, which isn't good for the unity we so desperately need.DIO is ENTJ as fuckAny kind that's made of actual babyMargaret Thatcher is my favorite animeStroheim is ESTJ, Avdol seems more INFJ to me. Caesar seemed ISFP to me. Haven't gotten too far into Part 4 yet, nor have I read the manga. Besides that, I'd say Part 1-3 is about right.Nah, Wamuu was definitely an Fi-dom. He's too honor bound to not be an ISFP.It's great. I have fairly strong Se so I can relate to Se doms very well. Some of my closest friends are Se doms. Besides that, I can take the high level of energy we both have and guide it towards something good. And on top of all of that, she's one of my favorite people on this planet. We also kind of contrast each other in some ways which is really neat.One of my biggest problems. The entirety of the left would right now be glorifying the electoral college if the outcome had been opposite. And now the media's telling them that only now does the electoral college need to be questioned. It's hypocritical. And what about the peaceful transition of power they begged for when every poll had a Hillary landslide? Where'd the importance of that go.NTJ is still me at almost 20.Probably, you cheeky fuckSociety has pushed men to lead and not to share emotions from a long time ago. On the other hand, it teaches women to listen to their husband and to be the emotional anchor for the man. Gender roles have been crucial to our survival for nearly all of human history and as much as I'm likely to get downvoted for saying that it's true. But to answer your question, I believe a lot of male F's and Female T's get mistyped due to their own repression of their feelings or their ambitious thinking simply because they've been guided towards other cognitive functions. This is much less common now though, and I don't feel it's truly that big of a problem. A problem, but we have bigger fish to fry as a society.1. Gamma
2. Donald Trump, because I really hope he goes through with clearing D.C. of corruption. Our government can't do anything right with everything that's wrong.
3. Concerned. There's a lot of tension right now from both sides. Violence even.
4. Hopes: A Washington that doesn't belong to the nations wealthiest.
Fears: Civil war, or that maybe the paranoid liberals on my news feed could be right, although I sincerely doubt it.I see Fi in a lot of his actions. His anger towards Joseph because of his grandfather dying so Joseph could be lazy and inadequate in his eyes at first. That and and going for the ring and creating the bubble because he didn't want his death to be meaningless is Fi if I've ever seen it. I say Se because he acts a little reckless. Going to fight the Pillar Men alone for example. The entirety of his youth. That, and an Si would have been careful as to not stop the sunlight from hitting Wamuu. Regardless of his type, his death was way sadder than I needed to feel that day.I would ask it for a list of every sporting event or really anything else I should bet money on for the next 50 years. Easy money, and I believe some questions should never be able to be answered by man, so I'd never want to know these things. And I don't think I could find the answer to one of the biggest questions in the universe and not share with anyone. It'd eat away at me.I don't ever truly need to do it. Of course I get urges. Everybody does. But I'm usually a victim of circumstance when I do want to. It's usually at inopportune times, such as when I have to go somewhere with family, or when I'm home alone with no vehicle. Also, a lot of the women I know are in relationships as well, so it's kind of a long term commitment to set anything up. Hooking up is damn near impossible. The worst part is that I'm not even unattractive by any means, but it just isn't enough of a priority to merit an effort most of the time.I feel like any TJ type is almost never going to be transgender. I'd say drawing from a hat that NF's are probably most likely, but that's a baseless claim because I've never read anything about the topic. Transgenderism has never really interested me.That's so fucking edgy. The kid's attempting to role play a sociopath. Sociopaths aren't usually that aggressive, or hell bent on seeing people get murdered until they've taken a life. And one that is is incredibly likely to do it himself. A violent sociopath wouldn't stop himself from killing because of the reasons this kid has. Also, sociopathy is characterized by a disregard for others. It's not somebody who actively goes against the people around them. I could be wrong, but I really think this kid has glorified the notion of a sociopath in his mind and wants to recreate it, probably because he's truly sensitive deeper down and wants a shield to protect himself. I understand most of this because my brother and my biological mother are both sociopaths. I see the traits every few weeks. Now, every sociopath is different, so it's possible I'm wrong. But I'm pretty sure he's faking. Also INFJ is my best guess.Against the odds is where I thrive. I'm a natural problem solver and I do my best work with my back against the wall.
Also I do my best work when I'm behind the wheel. I absolutely abhor being told what to do.Honestly, the stereotype is SJ's are most likely to be religious, but all the ones I've met have not been religious by any means. I think Ni and Ti often has users searching for the answer that fits their worldview best. Te is not likely to understand religion from what I've found. Logic dictates that almost everything we see can be explained.That's a very bleak and bitter outlook to have. I'll tell you from experience that cynicism doesn't attract women. If you want love then go fucking get it. Don't sit around waiting for it, because it will never wander into your front door without you finding it yourself. It might be hard work. But if you've ever gotten something truly great without hard work then you're the luckiest man on the planet. So go try.Then why don't you share. Because your original comment says you're a whiney pessimist with an overly cynical attitude. Do tell then how you really are.Then by all means sit and pout. I don't care. I like to see people overcome adversity though. But if you don't want to "pull yourself up by your bootstraps" then you have no room to complain. If you don't actively try to fix what's wrong in your life then you've passively accepted it as a part of who you are. I'm not going to argue with you about this, it's your life. But I'll ask you to take my advice in order to better your life. You might find satisfaction in the benefits that the extra effort will bring you. Godspeed man.Ha. I'm too emotionally unavailable and busy doing other shit to date.Some things are going to just bum people out, regardless of whatever they have to lighten the mood. You did everything you could, now just be there for him until the problem's solved.Fi, if it finds an outcome to be unjust.I find disrespect to be one of the few things on this Earth that truly gets into my core. I don't tolerate it. Not towards myself, and not towards anyone else.I don't ever stop to feel it. I wish I could be more helpful, but I know nothing about it.ENTP. Ne is literally Shitposting: the Cognitive Function.I had a friend tell me to take every opportunity I can recently. I stared at my phone laughing for about a minute.I don't really think about the process that goes into realization and problem solving. The concrete evidence before me gives me a hunch that I then run with until I find the truth.ENTJ, I believe in collectivism when something needs to be done. Besides that, people are individuals who can be whoever they want so long as what needs to be taken care of is.ENTJ: Tywin Lannister (Game of Thrones)

INTJ: Hannibal Lecter (Hannibal)

ENTP: The Joker (anytime Mark Hamill voiced him)

INTP: Mycroft Holmes (Sherlock Holmes)

ENFJ: Professor X (X-Men movies)

INFJ: John Dorian (Scrubs)

ENFP: Michael Scott (The Office)

INFP: Fox Mulder (X-Files)

ESTJ: Boromir (LOTR)

ISTJ: Dexter Morgan (Dexter)

ESTP: Bender (Futurama)

ISTP: Ron Swanson (Parks and Recreation)

ESFJ: Spongebob Squarepants (Spongebob)

ISFJ: James Gordon (Gotham)

ESFP: Jack Dawson (Titanic)

ISFP: The Bride (Kill Bill)

That took longer than I thought.I'm very impatient sometimes, and I'm near impossible to calm down when I get angry. Besides that I guess I wish I didn't like food as much as I do. Eating healthy is a pain in the ass sometimes.Other ENTJ's compete for power with me, and I love the competitive aspect of that. Of course, I'm an overly competitive person so that's just me.ESFP. You see his Fi when he gets angry over small shit, like the term "illegal immigrants" for example. He's a very boring person though, and his clear lack of charisma, along with his platform pretty much built on sand cost the Libertarian Party an actual chance this election. It's too bad.Honestly, I find MBTI neat for categorizing people and understanding how they think, but I mostly hang around here because I really like the community on this Sub. It's nice to see familiar nametags in every thread, because you learn things about some of the people on here. Plus there's a steady stream of posting, but it's not too slow to check every few hours, nor is it so fast that you ever miss something that somebody has to say. Overall, I just like you people.It's a shame. Libertarianism is closest to where my views lie, and I was initially excited for the Party's chances this year until I realized who they picked.1. ISTP

2. INFP would die due to general lack of awareness

3. ESFP for being too loud

4. ENTJ or ESTP

5. The answer to question 4.

6. ENFP definitely

7-8. 

ENTJ: Excited to lead people and not be held to social mores for their actions. Probably dies when the group revolts and kills them.

INTJ: Doesn't really care initially. Dies when nobody invites them into their group and they eventually die of starvation or something because they didn't prepare.

ENTP: They'll react with excitement, because this is the best time to fuck with people. They'll die like Bill Murray did in Zombieland.

INTP: Doesn't know anything is happening. Will die when they step outside because they're out of food or the internet shut off.

ENFJ: Concerned for all the poor dying people. Dies when they try to save the zombies or some stupid bullshit

INFJ: See above

ENFP: Sad that they can't invade personal space anymore. Dies because they still try to do so to a zombie.

INFP: No clue that anything is happening. Probably won't even notice themselves dying.

ESTJ: Most level headed and rational about supply gathering and survival. Overbearing during a high stress situation though, which will likely get them killed.

ISTJ: Hordes their food and weapons alone in their house until the community they didn't bother teaming up with storms the house and kills them.

ESTP: Rock hard at the idea of running and gunning for the rest of their life. Throws a party to celebrate. Makes too much noise and the zombies show up uninvited.

ISTP: Deranged psychopath who's been preparing since they first saw Night of the Living Dead. I highly doubt they'll ever die, and we'd have no way of knowing if they did.

ESFJ: Concerned for the well being of others. Also dies trying to protect the zombies.

ISFJ: Scared. Somehow survives until their supplies are stolen and they're left for dead in the middle of nowhere.

ESFP: See ESTP.

ISFP: Scared. Surprisingly almost as tough as the ISTP in crisis though. Might actually live.I listen to all of it. I used to hone in on certain instruments, something I learned to do when I used to play drums. But I can focus on the lyrics if I want, but I usually let the music itself tell more of the story. Words don't say nearly as much as the sounds from the voice that sings them.I doubt either of them will be anything like me here, but I like a nice dinner with somebody I can sit down with and talk. A 1 on 1 conversation over my own 16 oz. steak is about as close to heaven as I'll probably ever get.The most commonly understood would be B by far. Mine is a little closer to A though. I act predominantly due to my desire to absorb existing information. On top of that I'm a thrill seeker. I drive fast and I drink to get fucking thrashed. I'm extroverted because I live in the world for my own happiness and to fight constant boredom.Same. It bothers me when the other person stops being civil. I believe that you can and should be competitive in the name of friendly competition.I feel the best you can do is accept your flaws and make them work for you. For example, I'm overly competitive. That won't change. All I can do is put it into a healthy outlet. Use my competitive nature to make myself the best I can be while not putting others down.Of course. I get what you mean now. I was kind of unclear before. But I do feel that any trait can be turned into a positive.That's just your friend being a narrow-minded jackass. Those people don't deserve your friendship until they're mature enough to realize that the world doesn't revolve around them.I see Si in the rigid beliefs she holds. I think ISFJ is most likely.If you have a problem with somebody the best thing you can do is bring it out and explain what your problem is. It's the only way solve the problem. Confront it and work together to fix it.I doubt you're an Fe Aux. You seem like an ISTP. Listen to your friend Billy Zane, he's a cool dude.The stereotypes of each type are just that. Every ENTJ isn't a domineering power hungry CEO, same as every ISTP isn't Clint Eastwood.Probably leadingENTJ's are usually too competitive, myself included.Don't make him flawless. Nobody likes a self insert Gary Stu. People like to root for an underdog.I'm like 90% sure I have NPD and/or ASPD. The only difficulty I've found is I struggled to understand or regard the emotions of others in the past, and I've often come across as condescending. The main reason I don't date is because I can't be bothered to deal with emotional bullshit, or even fake emotion much anymore. In terms of physical disabilities I get light headed sometimes, and pass out on rare occasions. But it doesn't happen enough for me to worry about it. I live with these issues though because there's no use in trying to change these things when I could be focusing on what I want from this world.Time seems like a much too introspective piece for it to be ENTP. ENTP is closer to something like No Time for Caution."She's a lady"- Tom JonesI said don't make him flawless.Voted Trump, mostly because an establishment victory this year would've secured their absolute control. An outsider winning is the best chance for a future libertarian gov't, and I'd take that chance in a heartbeat again.ESTP best friend. Known him since Kindergarten. Today's actually his birthday.That'd be torture. I'd have to do it over the phone though, so it'd sound even shittier. Honestly, the more I think about it the better it sounds.She take my money...Washington was an ISTJ. Not sure of the othersAlso, Ben Franklin was an ENTP, and Madison was likely an INTP.Over here. Not particularly outgoing. More strong and silent, unless around close friends and family or drinking. When I do speak, people hold on to my every word though.I do in some ways and don't in others. Nobody fits in entirely, which is honestly one of the greatest things in this world. It should serve as a reminder that you are unique in some way. You think or act differently than most at some point or another. Don't ever strive to fit in.I'm too busy being great at everything I attempt to be depressed. That being said, probably ExTJ.That's fascinating. You've truly caught my interest.Probably INTP.There's a reason that so many villains are xNTJ's. Because we're perfect as villains. Rarely are INTJ's any good as heroes, and I can't honestly name an ENTJ hero.I always keep my feelings to myself. Nobody helps me get through it better than I do. For example, my grandfather died this week. It's been rough, and I've done as much to help my family as I can through his passing. Although it makes me pretty sad I don't like to share my feelings. I'll fight it alone, as I have every other time something has bothered me, because I'm very well equipped to handle myself at my lowest low.I'd say IxxP. Their aux functions are focused more on the world than they are on people.ENTJ. Big fan of getting together with friends and doing something fun. Often, it's drinking and playing video games.I mean, I'm very charming, but I don't actively pursue women literally ever. I'm not terribly concerned about sex. If a situation gets to that point I'll let it go on, but I usually can't be bothered to go through the trouble of getting myself into that situation.I love this sub. It's a great community, and there's a relatively steady stream of threads and replies to keep it entertaining, while at the same time it isn't so fast that I miss anything. I guess I wish that there were less "Type Me" threads, or that we at least gave a uniform test with open ended answers so they weren't always such a boring mess to try and read through. It'd be interesting to see how different types answer the same questions, or how they would approach the same hypothetical scenarios. I'd make it myself, but there are probably far more interested and less busy people with a better grasp on MBTI who should do it. I would love to see something like that done.I can't really think of anything. ENTJ life is life on easy mode. Almost like getting dropped into creative mode in a survival game.I don't consider it a problem. I feel that not knowing or caring what people think allows me to be more genuine with myself and with others. I feel that one of my greatest strengths, particularly socially, is not caring how people view me. It leads to a very dominant personalityENTJ - LionYou aren't beholden to INTP stereotypes. If you want to be more empathetic or sensitive then work on being that way. You don't have to be a socially inept science geek, same as I don't have to be a Machiavellian psychopath because I'm an ENTJ. It's all about the cognitive functions you're predisposed to using, and what flows more naturally for you mentally. If you want to be a certain way then work towards being that way, regardless of what your type says you are like.All I'm saying is that I literally only have to coast through life as of yet. This shit has been easy as hell. Never said I'm a genius, just very capable of problem solving. Have you ever considered that maybe some people are actually good at life, and that everyone with the slightest amount of confidence in who they are isn't automatically an imbecile?Hookers and blowI find shy girls to be adorable. That's just how I am though.Not all of them, but like the other person said, there's likely some correlation between cognitive introversion and social. Don't get me wrong, extroverted girls are still great, but the one thing socially introverted girls have going for them is that I find their shyness cute as fuck.Dropped my knee into my friends younger brothers stomach when I was like 14 and he was probably 11. He insulted my twin sister, and it finally rubbed me the wrong way. Fucker never did it again though.I am roughly the same on both tests, although I think that cognitive functions are far better for indicating type, and it's what I would rely on if I had to listen to only one.As fucked as it seems to you, it's perfectly justified. Sometimes people need a harsher wake up than being told no. Some people need to be hit sometimes to realize that they're being a fuck.I agree with you on that last part. I can remember a few times growing up where I saw someone that I thought was being bullied, only to realize seconds before I was about to intervene that it was just friends messing around with each other. Anti-bullying commercials just fucking brainwash kids into thinking that everyone needs to be saved at the most minuscule sign of trouble. It's awful, and I also genuinely feel that some of these kids wouldn't have needed safe spaces at college after the election if maybe they'd been told they're pussies once or twice.Why do INFJ's and ISTP's get along so darn well?
Because although their functions stack differently, they still hold the same functions in the top four spots of their stack, and this gives way to common ground.

Does anyone else believe Kiersey's relation compatibility discussion a little too much? Meaning dismissing romantic encounters with (physically) attractive types that are not your "optimal match"?
I think it all comes down to how much effort you're willing to put into a relationship before you decide it's a lost cause. It may be that types are incompatible, but I won't avoid a woman I'm interested in because of it. That's a shitty way to experience life.Would anyone agree with me that there is a hereditary basis for this?
For type? Because I doubt it. My family has all different personalities.

Has anyone wondered if other species (like primates) have similar "types"?
I think that many other species' are too instinctive and focused on surviving long enough to reproduce to use many different functions across the species. Much more homogeneous than humans.

Has there ever been a discussion here about the evolutionary basis for types?
Probably, although I probably wasn't here or I think I'd possibly remember it.

How did Kiersey make such insightful observations?
Probably studied people a lot. I doubt he pulled them from a hat.

Do you think our brains are structured differently and have any scientific experiments been performed to assess this idea?
To be as adaptable as humans, to form civilizations and mighty empires, and to be as successful as humans we'd have to have unique brains. No other species has civilized like humans. Even the Neanderthals and the rest of the Homo genus never really passed nomadic life. Only we have made it this far. During the stage of evolution to what we are today, evolution made us differently. More adaptable maybe. But we are different than any other species to have walked the Earth in this regard.Is that a joke? Of course they can. Every man and woman in the world has greatness within, and they'd be fools to never use it in pursuit of a cause they deem worthy of their greatness.It's pretty fucking difficult to pick one. Maybe "Tighten Up" by the Black Keys. It's hard to even pick a favorite genre.I believe change is possible. However, usually any change brought to the functions you use will come during maturation or due to some serious trauma. Depression may also alter the way you think.Why couldn't it? I used to be close friends with an ESTJ during high school, although we've drifted in the last year or so. Think he dislikes me now, but what can you do to convince somebody with the rigidity of Si that they're being an asshole.Probably an Fe Dom or Aux. I feel like they'd be less likely to use it. Although meeting Gandhi in the Civilization series says otherwise.ESxPDepends entirely on values, considering both have very strong Fi.Bonaparte was a close second for me. I almost picked him.When I'm on breaks from school I work at a woodshop/factory assembling cabinets. It bores me, but it pays well enough to where I really don't have to work during semesters, so I'll suffer it until I'm done with school.Did not expect nearly this many replies. Not complaining, but damn.Honestly never went through that phase. I was always able to convince my parents that I knew what I was doing. I didn't tell them everything I was doing or anything like that, and I did get yelled at a few times, but I nearly always steered clear of trouble. That, and I fought back the last time I was yelled at, so my parents kind of learned that I was becoming my own man, and they stepped back and allowed me to do just that.Honestly one of the wisest statements I've read on here.It seems like shit luck on your part. Keep ditching the people who cause you that much stress. They're never worth the trouble.I would tend to agree with this. I have very strong Se, and even noticeable Fi on some occasions. Se is most visible during any kind of danger. I drive 90 on the highway in the summer, and I don't ever laugh harder than I do when I drift through snow and slush on the way to my classes in the winter. Te-Ni gets done what needs to be done, while Se is there to indulge in the thrills life offers as they come.Art can be made by any type, and each function can bring something profoundly different to the table. Same with any creative form of expression. Take writing for example. Ernest Hemingway was ESTP, and wrote great works. Tina Fey is an INTP who wrote some great comedy for SNL and 30 Rock, albeit I can't think of any movies she was in. Obviously Fi is the dominant or auxiliary function in your traditional artist, but anybody can be an artist.The Sheriff, Maid Marion, Little John, Robin Hood.

Sheriff: True hero of the story. Gets the girl for a night without the sappy, emotional bullshit that comes with commitment.

Maid Marion: Did what was necessary in her eyes, admirable thing to do in the name of love. Probably better ways to go about this is she stopped and thought critically.

Little John: Really didn't do anything besides take Robin and the Sheriff's sloppy thirds. Nothing moral about it, except that he promises not to Ike Turner the shit out of her like Robin Hood.

Robin Hood: Beating women is shitty, and I've always viewed Robin Hood as a communist fuck to begin with. Pinko bastard can go fuck himself.A quote, which I personally have attributed to ENTJ's. Not to say others haven't as well.

"It is not enough that I should succeed; others should fail."It all depends on how the final result is presented. One could make a pen bring you to tears if they gave it as a gift, while another may put you to sleep in their presentation of a theme park. Theatrics is what sells anything, not quality.Or JD and Kelso. I think Kelso is ENTJ, or maybe ESTJ. Thanks for making me want to rewatch Scrubs now.I usually remind myself that others aren't often as quick to the punch as I am, and that they'll eventually catch up. Learn to trust yourself. If others are missing what you aren't you may just be more observant.I don't really ever use exclamation points. It's really out of place, especially to people who know me. I'm not an excitable person, and it feels really fake to express emotions that simply aren't there.Really this. It's not nearly as linear as it's been described in my experience.ENTJ, 19 is too young to want to be married. Perhaps when I'm older if I find somebody I never want to lose. Of course, emotions come difficult to me, so the odds are kinda slim on that one.Deep down, but I struggle to reach it much of the time.ENTJ. On rare occasions I do long for closure. I was denied it recently and still don't feel right about it. A little less than a month ago, the day after Thanksgiving oddly enough, we got word that my maternal grandfather was in the hospital and terribly sick. I, along with my brother, sister, and mother, drove from The middle of New York state to Abilene, Texas. My grandparents are notoriously secretive about their health issues with the rest of us, so we all knew this was likely the last chance we'd ever get to talk to him or to say what we needed. We pulled into the hospital in Abilene about 25 or 26 hours after leaving. Now the thing about liver cancer and renal failure is that the pH of your blood is offset by the issues, and with alkalinity as high as his, he had lost much of the ability to focus, or to understand what was said to him. He responded to names when we shouted (old man was hard of hearing), but he merely opened his eyes for a second or two. I never got to say how much I'd miss him. Worse yet, I never got to hear him laugh again, and I'd never hear my brother antagonize him again nor see the literal twinkle in his eye when he engaged back with a smile on his face. You'll always wish for more closure, but it may never come. I've accepted that, but this was the hardest thing I've tried to come to terms with. It still bothers me that a man with such vitality, with so much mischief in his eyes, can hunt on a Wednesday and be dead less than a week later. Sorry to dump my troubles in here, but I've become akin to lack of closure recently, and felt I should share something of the sort with you people.You're a fool to let 4 letters define who you are. You're an individual, a human being with complex thoughts and feelings. Be yourself, and find what you dislike about yourself and work on changing it. Constant improvement of ourselves is the noblest pursuit of modern life in my opinion.ENTJ man. I drive a 2003 Dodge Durango because it gets me wherever I need to go and I got it as a hand me down vehicle, basically for free.Me- ENTJ

Dad- ENFP if I had to take a guess. It's very difficult to tell with him.

Mom- INFP

Stepmother- One of the most blatant ESFJ's I've ever met.You do hold some similarities with me. The main reason I ruled out being an Se-dom is because I'm very prudent when I make a decision, and I don't often act on impulse.I throw things when I get fairly drunk. I've also been known to have an insatiable hunger for frozen pizzas, as well as trying to convince a girl I knew from high school that I was head over heels for her friend who had a crush on me, and I was just too shy to admit it. Oops. Fortunately she never told her friend how my drunken alter-ego felt. Also, the first time I got drunk was my friend's grad party, which was just after the release of Mad Max: Fury Road. Every time I took a shot I yelled "Witness me!" to all of my friends. I yelled it 16 times in maybe 2 and a half hours, and spent much of the next day still drunk. I'm pretty fun to be around at parties, or at least entertaining.Some of you have clearly met some shithead ENTJ's. Show me on the doll where they pissed you off.ENTJ. I usually wear jeans, a t-shirt or thermal, and a flannel. Another thing is I leave my hair messy when I can. It makes me look somewhat untamed and it brings out my eyes in a very unique way. I've been told a few times that I'm a beautiful man, which only boosts my already massive ego.I learned how to become bored of literally anything once I get enough skill at it. I also learned how to disregard my own safety in the name of feeling excitement. Honestly feels liberating. And Merry Christmas Eve.Dammit. I really wish I could say that's wrong and that I've never done that.I got ENTP, although I bordered on ESTP.My guess is ESTJ. You seem to have very strong Te.I'm sure we'd be fine. ISFP's are often pretty tough when shit hits the fan.I remember that thread. I declared Ne was the Shitposting function. Got like 40 upvotes on that reply or something.I believe it's important to understand traditions before following or abolishing them. Some traditions are great, while some aren't. I ignore those that I despise, and loosely follow those that I find applicable to everyday life.ENTJ with diagnosed OCD and likely just a dash of undiagnosed NPD.Playing a Paladin in my friends campaign. It doesn't really suit my personality, so the role playing as an altruistic holy crusader is a touch difficult for me. At the end of the day though, I've never played a really good guy. Next character is probably a Monk if my Paladin bites the dust. I like to mix up my characters to keep things interesting. We have five of us who do tabletop games. Our current DM is always a Lawful Stupid Paladin. One of our friends who bailed on the campaign due to his schedule is literally always a healer. Another one is always a retard of some sort with massive amounts of strength. Yet another is usually a Paladin or a Wizard. I've just started tabletop games in the last like 2 years, so I'm really trying to avoid having an established role. For example, in Fallout PnP I was just a well rounded pre-war CIA agent who was cryogenically frozen. This was actually before Fallout 4 too, so I had to convince my friend who was running the campaign that this was within the realm of possibility in Fallout. Shoutout to Bethesda for proving my assumption right. That's how I wound up creating part of Fallout 4 by Baneposting in PnP.It's his interests. He doesn't see it as small talk. He sees it as him sharing an important thing with his child. It might seem like trivial bullshit to you, but it may actually mean a lot to him.xNTJ, IxTJ, and INTJ. Fairly accurate actually.INTJ's are often great in person, but a good number I've talked to online are cunts with horrible superiority complexesBesides my grandpa dying a few days after Thanksgiving, 2016 was fucking hilarious. I laughed my ass off watching people get angry over Brexit and Trump's victory.Wow, way too long for me to bother reading. I'll give my D&amp;D alignment though, which I assumed this thread was about before opening. True neutral.Shining example of ENFP awareness hereI think everyone feels outcast at one point or another. I certainly have, and still do on occasion. Perfectly natural.I spent NYE last year playing Batman: Arkham Asylum. This year I might go drinking, or I might sit around shitposting online until 11:59. Truth be told it's simply another night where I'm free to do as I choose. It's neat watching the year change before your eyes, but it's not that important to me. I've slept through it a few times even.Wed: INFP
Bed: ISFP
Dead: ENTJ
Next: ENFJ, ESFP, INTJ
Although I'm near certain I'm an xNTJ, I would not be able to stand somebody with my level of intensity.I follow people I went to high school with and Arnold Schwarzenegger, and I'm followed the people I went to school with. There's no real theme for my photos or anything. I see something I want others to see and I snap a photo of it for them. Or if I can make a really shitty pun for a caption I'll post it. That's all really.All I'm picking up on is if I break into your house I'm getting blown. You're the reason home invasions happen.I thought so too for a while. I've been stepping back and re-examining myself for a while now. I'm trying to find who I really am, and how my mind truly works. My best guess is ESTP right now, but I believe I was wrong before as well.Quality timeWhat truly gives you reason? What makes you wake up every morning and jump out of bed? What makes you climb back in at the end of a hard day with a smile on your face? What makes you tick?The last time I took a cognitive function test was a while ago, and I was ENTJ to a tee. This time I took it and Se has become my dominant function. The results said I was likely an ESTP. Has anyone else had this happen? I answered as honestly as possible on both tests. I've become much more impulsive and easily bored lately, but what could've caused the shift?We all have it. How does yours manifest itself? I become really brooding and listen to a lot of melancholic acoustic music and don't talk to people unless they engage me. So tell me about your soft side.My grandpa has been in the hospital for renal failure since last night, and it's not looking good. We're all going to Texas to be with him. How have you dealt with it in the past? I've always been very good at coping with it, but I really think I'm going to struggle with this one once I exit denial. Tell me about your experiences to distract me for the 24 hour car ride.Can be a historical figure, an actor, fictional character. Anybody you can think of, even if it's a friend or family member. For me I'd say it's Julius Caesar. He was a great commander, and unfortunately remembered only for being murdered and inadvertently triggering the war that followed. So how about all of you? Who do you admire most of those you have a common type with?
Yes. Often leads to "Please don't tell me how I should do my thing."Uh...noIt's funny because Ni-doms seem to gradually become more normal the longer you get to know them.Did you just delete your way out of what you have realised was a bad argument on your part? Not cool.It's still wrong though. All types value their intimate relationships with other people. Including Fi and Fe. But I won't reason with someone who can't be reasoned.Stubborn is right. She's already hit rock bottom, but she still thinks she's the only one who is right and that the rest of us are delusional haters.At least they listen to other POVs.The INFP should be the villain. That'd be more interesting. 

Se-dom hero would be interesting. Like the dude in Kingsman.

I'm curious in what context the ENTJ can be a convincing supporting character to the INFP. As the voice of reason? Less empathetic sidekick who learns a lesson? The INFP/ENTJ circlejerk is trite imo.Just from your post, you don't seem very INTJ or ENTJ.This is the perfect example of intuitive bias.

ISTJs are as capable of puns, gut feelings, thinking for the future, and wanting to acquire new skills...I don't know. I am probably wrong but I will try.

Have you considered INFP/ INTP? I kind of see Ne. INFP because you might overstate your rationality as opposed to your "intense emotions" (Fi-Te). INFPs can be good at hiding their feelings. INTP because you could possibly be demonstrating low-Fe. You don't seem very ISTJ or xxTJ in general, at least to me.&gt; AT LEAST we acknowledge the fact that something is subjective.

At least we Je-doms admit that we're...objective? Lol. 

Je-doms are only stubborn because we are confident about our decisions - the actions and the consequences that will follow. If we're wrong then fuck us.

Fi-doms can be simply impossible to reason with. For some, your entire world seems subjective. Your reality on certain issues is so warped and you repel anyone who doesn't agree. 

I once had an INFP tell me that her cheating was not her fault at all because her boyfriend made her sad and therefore he made her do it. What the fuck? I don't have that issue with Ti-doms.I love ENxPs thoughAh, I see what you mean. I have ENTP friends who do that, and I can just tell that they do it in good fun. Not because they are trying to adopt another persona as their own.

&gt; I do have a xNFP friend who did this when he switched schools and moved to Iowa, which raises the question: Is wanting recognition or attention from others only an Fe thing? I have an INFP friend who always talks about how she's vegan and kind of lists off her accomplishments and whatnot, but she doesn't have any Fe. Why is Fe the one exclusively associated with seeking recognition and appreciation?

Good question. I also see it as a Fi thing. While everyone enjoys recognition, perhaps Fi users, being highly individualistic, would seem to seek validation (1) because they enjoy expressing how individualistic they are, and (2) as a natural consequence in their pursuit of finding others who are like-minded. 

Whereas I personally don't think Fe seeks recognition, as much as it wants to be relatable and not stick out like a sore thumb, but that may just be semantics... For example, I don't think a high-Fe user would put on an accent, because they would fear being seen as weird or awkward. What do you think?Thank you for your reply. I can see this happening with my closer ENFP female friends - they are pretty concerned with what others think of them. The examples I gave though - 2 of those ENFPs defended their new accents *to death*! I find it extremely peculiar.Pretty much this. However, I can't deny that on average, ENFJs are one of the most universally likeable personalities. Some consider the ENFP to be on the same level, but I would disagree, as ENFPs can be so flakey and interruptive in conversations. Unaware and rude imo.Not a fair comment - you're teenagers. All teenagers tend to be annoying as fuck! I was not representative of ENTJs at your age.ISTPs can be fucking tools.Lol, you must not know any Fe-doms well at all. It does not come from a place of pettiness.Thanks for this!This is Fi as fuck.Lol. You are that infamous Te and Fe hater aren't you? Who would never listen to other's opinions because your Fi is your only truth.

&gt; I do know of course nor all FJ's are like her though.

This is not how you come across at all.LOL. You ESFPs are not as hot as you think.Lol. Everyone accommodates their loved ones on some level. It's not petty. Also, it's not that deep fam. I simply hate it when people give misinformation about types. Don't need to take it so personally.Sigh. If you were talkative and interruptive and flakey to another ENFP, INFP, ENTP, they would all find you fucking annoying too. ENFPs can have a severe lack of awareness about people around them when they are self-absorbed in putting their points across, however cutely or transiently. And I'm saying this as someone who has an ENFP best friend.

ENFJs simply know how to present a self that allows for most harmony in whatever group setting they are in, therefore more **universally likeable**. For example, when they realise they are talking too much, they will shut up and direct the conversation to involve everyone else. Unlike ENFPs, who can talk non stop and often go off tangents.You're too defensive about this. Yes, there can be selfless Fi users, and there can be selfish Fe users. 

However, *on average*, Fi users are always willing to prioritise their own comfort over the needs of a group - "I feel awkward at this party so I should go". Fe users are always ready to put others first - strangers or not, taking a "all people are equal" approach - "I feel awkward at this party but I have to stay so I can make sure people start to gel more and x and y don't feel like they are left alone". I don't see Fi users being as readily altruistic.

It will seem selfish, to Fe users, as well as Fi users who have internalised that leaving a party that needs your presence is rude. It's not so deep. Nobody is personally attacking you.Sorry, no. My ENFP buddy is one of my best buds. I would take a bullet for that guy any day. But it doesn't mean I'm not privy to his flaws. So quit trying to read me. It's not working.

Ah I see. You're clearly biased against Fe-doms. There's no point arguing against you. Fun debate, fun times.Oh and when you accommodate someone it's not to control anything? Everyone responses a certain way to get a certain reaction. That's literally the basis of human interaction. Seriously.This is very clear and well-written. Thank you!Ad hominem. It's useless to debate with unhealthy Fi users.Why do you think it happens? And from your observations, how which NF type is most and least likely to be MBTI practitioners?Just answer peppermint's questions. No one has the time to tease you out.You underestimate us a whole lot. ENTJs can be fantastic at emotional blackmail.You're a really bitter person, why? Not saying this because I'm offended by what you said (I'm not), but I read through your comments and you seem to...hate EVERYONE.You are what happens when one is overly obsessed with MBTI and see people as types instead of living breathing human beings.Well, you perceive things bitterly then. Your comments are laced with criticisms of everyone, and with a know-it-all attitude. Something I have never seen in INFJs. No offence really, just an observation.This makes zero sense. I have a hard time believing that you're INFJ, or that you even understand Fe or Te.You're taking the wise old sage INFJ stereotype too far. It's so cringeworthy, but I'm intrigued, because you're an INFJ with non-existent Fe.

Let's see how logical you really are: Critically evaluate your personal strengths and weaknesses.Lol, you and me both. Piece of work aren't ya.INFP mother is creating chaos in the family because of some of her irrational beliefs that I won't delve into.

I dated a few INFPs and found this to be a recurring theme - they believe something and they "feel" so strongly about it that it is impossible for them to consider any alternative points of view. I am a Fi user too but I'm not like that at all. It is no wonder they are my exes now.

I have tried empathy, I have tried being cold and factual, but nothing is working.

How does one reason with an unhealthy Fi-dom? Must I just give up and forget it? All practical tips are welcomed. Thanks.

If it matters, I'm ENTJ.I noticed recently that my ENFP best friend has been slipping in an out of having an accent, after his recent trip to Canada/ USA. It seems like he deliberately tries it in front of me, and has no qualms about what he is doing. Later, when we were with another friend from the US, his accent totally changed from our native one to an American one.

I was thinking about this when I realised that 2 other ENFP girls have done this in my class. They speak like our native speakers in person, but respond to professors with a put-on accent. Cringe. It is noticeably worse when they are in the presence of foreigners.

When people call them out on it, they pretend as though they have had their accent all their lives. They also look genuinely offended. My sample size is my best friend, 2 girls in my class, and 2 other ones who went on Student Exchange Program (one to Ireland, the other to England).

Why and how does this happen? I suspected that it might just be my biased perception of them because it is so irritating to hear, but I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one who finds them pretentious.I have low Fi, but I find it honestly really hard to identify with Fi doms, whereas I have enjoyed every single Fe user I've met (ESFJ ENFJ INFJ ENTP INTP).

I am pretty sure that I didn't like the Fi doms because they were unhealthy Fi users, and not because I reject my inferior Fi. I typically enjoy people who bring the compassion and warmth that I am not predisposed to exuding, and have no issue discussing my feelings if asked.

So, how do you tell whether someone has inferior Fi, or is simply an unhealthy high Fi user?
Depends on if I know if they're new at it. If they aren't, it's usually "hurry the fuck up" ,if they are then it's "better help them so they can hurry."Hit the nail on the head on that one for me.This is probably bullshit, but I think it's funny that my SO happens to be my "ideal match" according to this. I'm not saying it's wrong, I just think it's funny.Wouldn't the duckling already be imprinted from the other guy touching it?
BPD?

You can't ever be accurately typed. Attributing any of her behavior to any type is harmful and prejudiced. This is some borderline/ narcissist level vitriol.I think you're a narcissist. As in, Narcissistic Personality Disorder. The way your thought processes work, how you justify your behavior...are you my narcissistic dad?

&gt; In the process, I for sure don't hurt anyone

Nope. No true empathy, not even cognitive empathy.

&gt;  ...She said no. It was never about getting a "yes", it was me training my interpersonal skills and jumping over my shadow (never asked out a girl this way before, also in public).

&gt;...And again, chances are high that she'll reject me, and even if she says "yes", we most likely won't get further than one meeting (I'm a weird man, that has scared off many women).

What /u/Obtional meant by you trying to compensate with a massive ego. Narcissists are a special combination of being arrogant as fuck and coming off as crippingly insecure, even if they claim otherwise.Good point. I wasn't here when they had custom flair.

Not gonna lie, everything you did was really shitty. Like life-ruiningly shitty...I haven't read sometimes this evil in awhile and I got goosebumps. I guess I can give you credit for admitting to it. I hope you never ever do that to other people again and only get better from now on.Dude you still are.So did my INFJ girl friend. Her boyfriend made a typo in his text message to her, and she somehow perceived it to be disrespecting her and not loving her. She went nuts and scratched his entire torso.

I believe she has BPD traits.Well, congratulations on being better. I sincerely hope DBT works for you.

For what it's worth, I don't think you can ever find a type that suits you. I read your posts and must say I really don't see Fe. I see very strong Fi. I see most likely INFP, ISFP, very unlikely INFJ. Definitely not ENFP ESFP ENFJ ESFJ - you're reserved even for an INFP.You're very introspective, and in quite a Fi way. Fe users can tend to speak about themselves from an external perspective, it you know what I mean.

Well don't feel bad if you can't find one that fits you 100%. You're definitely not the only one. Closest is good enough, don't you think?ENTJ here. 

Well I can't disagree about what you said about ENxJs. About ESxJs too, I've had the same experience.&gt; I'd have to say Fi users and Te users are the most "strong" personalities. 

Nope. Dom-Fis can be "strong" but CAN be in a completely illogical from an outsider perspective. Most Dom-Fis I know are quiet and when they actually start speaking, they don't make a lot of sense. Fe and Te are pushy, but at least objective.

I don't know how you can think that IxFPs are the strongest, boldest, most imposing personalities there are. I almost think you're crazy for saying so.

I agreed with you up to a point where you started bashing Fe and Ti. Don't need to bash other functions to prove something about yours. That's just immature.

I don't need to read your post history to know that you are still very young and a Fi Te user.The votes say otherwise....Calm down dude? The irony in your entire comment is amazing. You're literally proving my points in my original comment.

Your "generally true" statements are subjective and therefore not entirely true, and I pointed them out. You are the reason why people say Fi users are impossible to disagree with. You take everything personally. Please stop projecting on me.You are literally shouting and screaming at me like a little baby just because I pointed out your inaccuracies. A rational adult would explain his points instead of yelling like a baby. And you accuse me of being personally offended by your (subjective) viewpoints. Do you not the see the irony?

You think you hurt me with your words but I am so unaffected because you are just a kid yelling over the Internet. Your reality is so warped because you're so clouded by your emotions. Grow up.I don't see it; where is it? Go ahead and post it, I was reasonable so I don't mind it.

1) I said your behaviour was immature. You proved it with all your subsequent actions. Sure, that's my opinion, you can disagree, but you went ahead on a crazy emotional rant about it.

2) I said your statement that Fi and Te are "strong" personalities is faulty and that it's crazy for anyone to think IxFPs are the most imposing types. That is also my opinion, you disagreed and yelled at me anyway.

You took my opinions and disagreements personally and went on a whole tirade about it. Tell me again about unhealthy Fi and being unreasonable. Not going to reply you anymore, because it's useless debating with overemotional people.Lmao. You have little faith in the criminal justice system don't youIt's quite a silly question. One of those to feel good about their own types, sigh. It's like as if /u/Aurarus' post went over everyone's heads.Dude. You always say what I'm thinking in my head.https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/549kd1/how_people_actually_want_to_use_mbti_jungian/You're Fi all the way. No Fe.

If you are truly an INFJ, then I can only say that you're one who over identifies with your enneagram in a self-fulfilling prophecy way. I guess I can see it, as your personality is not inconsistent with my view of most INFJs who seem to be extra self righteous (and self righteous about being self righteous) and critical because they are "broken" or "damaged". But when you do it it's okay... Lol.  #specialspecialsnowflake

We all know this is just peppermint's temperament, let the girl be.What's the difference between an empath and a highly sensitive person? All empathy are HSPs, but not all HSPs are empaths. So many introverts are HSPs, but INFJs tend to be the ones to misidentify as empaths.Ah, ok, makes sense. I find that most high Fe users are able to do that - ESFJ ISFJ ENFJ INFJ. Just curious why INFJs are the only types I've seen (besides INFPs) to identify as empaths/ HSPs. It always struck me as really special snowflakey.Hate to admit: my way isn't the only right way.&gt; Yeah, that makes sense. ESFJs put a lot of emphasis on family/friends, and their social circle. I find that they do a good job maintaining it. ESFJs typically look for authenticity and true relationships. 

??

&gt; ENFJs have a social circle but they tend to just conform into one, instead of finding all of the other NJs or people that are more like them. ENFJs are more focused on status and being with the right people that they forget to focus on themselves and give themselves what they need. 

??

You obviously don't know many EJs. Or many healthy EJs.

We don't fuck around with people who have no value to us. We know many people, sure, because we are social. Who the fuck said its about conformity? You speak like as if they have no minds of their own.

Also, not all ESFJs play mom.The last point is too fucking true. It's both amazing and frustrating.Huh? Am I reading something wrong?No. You just generalized a whole group of people as sheep who prefer status and "the right people" over authenticity and genuine camaraderie. Completely misguided and obviously empirically unreliable.Not all NTJs are smart.Your description **is** spot on. As a "power-seeking type" I understand. Thanks. I don't think that's what Hamfree meant. If it is, then hers was just poorly phrased.Wow, this is interesting. At the end, I don't even see NFJ. I hope someone attempts to type you and do it well, because I thought I had something but with every more I read I got more confused.

Also, read up on functions.So all the other types don't enjoy being in love as much? Dude.................Curious. Why?It still doesn't make sense. I don't see how Fi users experience being in love differently than others.You're not ISFJ, that's impossible. You have no Fe.I most agree with your assessment.

ESTJ is the most stereotypically hated, but TBH I liked the few that I met.ENTJ here. Ti can frustrate me. So much pointless, unnecessary nitpicking. I have some close INTP friends though.I, too, see heavy SeThis is the most accurate.Congratulations m8, you just went full retard.Is this abuse?Of course, because you know the entire context and your assumption that those are things other than narcissism is so accurate and substantiated. Are you God?

Maybe they are Feelers due to the abuse? You probably thought OP meant that Feelers are the more likely targets for abusers. 

With your history of poor comprehension (re: where the fuck did you get that OP implied narcissism in double digits), I am not surprised ;)Curious. Why are you so confident? Well I am too but not showy in the way you are.The guy who replied you is an INFP who goes around masquerading as other types. Not ENFJ.No.Because Fi.It's amazing how much bullshit you can pull out of your ass sometimes. Amusing.Introverts are smarter, have more depth, are more empathetic, quirky, complex.

/s

SRS tho, extroverts are as capable of all that. The special snowflake syndrome is so real with introverts sometimes. Why can't all introverts be as self aware and understated as the ISFJs?Then you're not deep enough. Not an introvert. ENTP.

Edit: uh I was being sarcastic? OkShut up loser.My point exactly. Applies to weaknesses too - social anxiety for introverts for example - it is prevalent in extroverts too but manifests in a completely different way.I don't know why people tend to be snowflakes online.

Anyway, agree with your first, maybe not your second.So you hate yourself.Insult him for being socially retarded for using the word retarded............cool beans.

SRS tho you're that guy who posted the vague as fuck Type Me post? You are not an FJ of any sort.The INFJ special snowflake syndrome strikes again.Most Fe doms/auxs are great at this. Te-Ni types too. Between the xNFJs, ENFJs are quicker and more accurate in their judgement. Ni as a dominant function is by its nature subjective and categorical.I still can't believe you're 15. I respect you buddy. If only I were this cool at 15.You're still not an NFJ. I read through your comments. You're some sort of NP.Take www.25quiz.com and I'll elaborate.Uncanny attempt, very accurate. You sound kinder than most Fi-doms met with disagreement though.K. Someone obviously isn't too fond of criticisms. 

This is MBTI, a place to discuss personality and cognitive functions. INFJs are special snowflakey, ISTPs are actually really cool and chill, and ENFJs have better judgment of people. 

There is no heat but since you think there is...Can't take the heat, leave the kitchen.I know. He was attempting to do Fi.You are in no way a Fe user. ESFP seems to fit. Please change flair.You're welcome. You'll get to meet more chill ISTPs on here.You have zero awareness about what is the appropriate thing to say. You spend zero effort on making people feel comfortable through your words.

Your comments are often instigating, alternative, and jarring. Sign of Fi-Te reasoning.

You will NOT find a single Fe-dom on here that isn't 1) rambley 2) expressive and 3) warm. You are neither of these.

Prove me wrong. Ok...I thought NP, but I see SP too. Definitely an extrovert.

Consider ENxPs and ESxPs.IXTJs Please just do a proper type me post answering peppermint-kiss's questions. I am honestly not interested in typing you, I'm not so altruistic. All I know is you are not ENFJ and I'm just a sucker who is fucking annoyed at inaccurate flairs.

All you're saying points to Fi! It is so Fi that I don't know what to say.

Please read up on the cognitive functions. I did not say you were a sensor over an intuitive, I don't have an inkling yet. Both possible.ESFP.Se over Ne. Decisiveness, impulsiveness, the whole "I'm a daredevil don't fuck with me" vibes.

ENFPs tend to be passive and indecisive as compared to ESFPs. It would also make more sense as the shared Se is why you might have mistyped as ENxJ, who have Se in the third position.

As the other user said, your Fi-Te is too strong too ignore. I don't know how the fuck you typed yourself as ENFJ. LolI think he is too "to the point" and "don't fuck with me losers" to be a Ne-dom. Y'all Ne-doms are talkative and rambley af. In a good way.

/u/loopulk#specialsnowflakesyndrome strikes again. 

Everyone has some semblance of logic.Can you STOP posting multiple threads that are just little questions on the same damn thing? Ask it all together, or ask them to people who replied you.My experience mirrors yours. You explained well why we don't see it with Si and Ti. Goddamn are Si doms the realest.

&gt; We get a looooot of INFJs at the ENTP sub who post topics and kind of seem to want a cookie for being INFJ or expect us to fall at their feet. It's weird and kind of unflattering. 

I notice this too. Same with INFPs on /r/ENTJ, to a lesser degree.But ENTPs aren't so bad. You know they do it for fun. Not in a snow flakey sense.

And Fe users are actually good at reading people. Who else is a good contender, Fi? DEFINITELY not Fi. Case in point: me. And all the other Fi doms/ auxs who can't understand shit about people and appropriate boundaries unless it appeals to their value system.INTP: Yeah I could care less about what other people think. You have this minuscule citation typo, your whole argument is invalid. *The next day, complaining to ENFJ partner* Fucking hell I swear this professor has an agenda against me he said my argument was TOO ABSTRACT, wtf, guy should pick up a book!It's not the little quirks of the types, but the whole "I'm so alternative" (but actually mainstream) thing. I think I am validly annoyed at people using typology to excuse their dysfunctional behaviour or selves, instead of using it to improve.

Your experience with Fe is obviously limited. Or you, a low Fi user, is horrible at reading the Fe user reading you, who is too polite to tell you his or her honest assessment of you. Come on man, NTJs are crap at reading people. Don't be a cop out.Wrong. This is Fi - find something that resonates with them and they are hooked. Fe goes along because it is easy, too fuckin easy to make them feel bad/ guilty.ENTJs can be fucking arrogant. All that crap about world domination, being superior to everyone, everyone other than us are peasants...fuck off with that. 

TBH, the female ENTJs on /r/ENTJ are for some reason more cognizant of the stupidity of acting like petulant Gods.

Also, we fucking freeze when it comes to solving issues relating to our own feelings. So much for world domination, huh. Can't even get past self awareness.The intention is not to knock them down a peg. The intention is to introduce a dose of reality and self-awareness. Typology won't do shit for you unless you can improve from it.Wwhat...is that actually considered hurtful to you? Heck, people are calling ENTJs narcissists and sociopaths and I'm not even offended. It's fucking exhausting having to tiptoe around people all day. I value truth over politeness.By saying she's "too logical for an ENFP", she's excluding ENFPs and insinuating that **other** ENFPs aren't too logical at all. I pointed out the hypocrisy. 

You can't cherry pick the good parts of your type and discard the bad ones by saying "oh that's not me but that's most of the people my type." I find that behaviour completely selfish and repulsive. Tell me again how I've been offensive, when really, she has been utterly tactless.

This is why they say Fi is selfish. Me, me, me.Hey you dropped this: /sarcasm

SRS tho, ENFPs are horrible at reading social signals and sending out clear ones.Dude my INTPs are good, pure people man. You'll find your ENxJ soon.How can you be shit at the latter if you are good at the former? Doesn't make sense to me. Our experiences differ then.You realize that you're judging my "bluntness" on your own subjective scale, right? In the larger sense of things, what I said was pretty mild. 

Using your argument, I can also tell you that you have to "toughen up", but I don't even if I'm inclined to do so....while you have just described the general distastefulness of all ENTJs from the specific instance you have encountered. For the record, I see that with ENTJs too and I despise that behavior.

You assume that my encounters with the types I mentioned were specific and in isolation. They were not. They formed a pattern. You might want to reevaluate your argument.So is yours. God is it difficult to reason with Fi-doms. You're calling my perfectly reasonable judgment of the types biased - sure, but isn't every judgment EVER, biased?Agreed

Source: Te FiI personally really dislike posts like this. It is circlejerky and entrenches self-aggrandizing stereotypes. 

Out of genuine interest, is there a reason or explanation for why INTJs tend to think they are indeed, objectively, the smartest people? By what measure or standard are they referring to?ENTJ:

With other ENTJs, I either connect immediately or can't stand them. No in between.You might see it as you arguing better, but we see it as you nitpicking and going off tangent. 

Ne-types especially ENTP and ENFP tend to completely go out of point by asking what if questions that aren't even necessarily relevant to the debate at hand.My bet is ENTJ.Gonna risk getting downvoted for this (as usual). Fuck it, Imma answer your question.

SFPs are generally more grounded and realistic. NFPs tend to...pretend to be dreamy and heady. It just translates as being hippie and impractical.

When I'm honest about these flaws, the NFPs will respond by saying: 1) "I guess you have met illogical NFPs, that's not me at all" or 2) "I find myself more logical than other NFPs."

**No. That is how you view yourself. This is how we view you. You're not different or special than other NFPs.**

The following are some tendencies that I have noticed, that I don't like:

* They play up the Manic Pixie Dream Girl trope. I haven't met one who doesn't. It's just so cringeworthy to watch from afar. It's like they think everyone thinks they are cute so they play it up more and more.

* They have the tendency to be flakey, 

* hot and cold (push-pull behaviour),

* think they can read people SO well when they are just imputing their own characteristics on others,

* flirtatious with everyone because they are actually terrible at reading and sending signals, 

* believe they have extremely unique taste in everything when it is all actually pretty mainstream circlejerk material,

* indecisive (you gotta hand hold them through decisions and even then they decide alternatively anyway),

* whiney (complains instead of doing something about their own problems that yes, they attracted),

* passive aggressive (debate internally about asking for what they want, deciding not to, until they explode on you)

* excessively emotional, 

* selfish ("I don't care what the consequences are, I just want to be ~authentic~"),

* think they are more logical than "other NFPs" when this is all pointed out to them,

* never admits to their mistakes if they think their actions were just them being true to themselves (if I did it in a way that I think it's right, it's never wrong).And it's exactly this attitude that makes ENFPs so entitled and annoying. Not everyone is a ~mystery~ for you to figure out and to throw away once you get sick of. Respect personal boundaries!Explain why Fe and not Fi? All I see is ENFP.&gt; they give the rest of us a bad name.

Any NFP who has been criticized will revert to this tactic: separate you from the "other NFPs". I want to point out that you might not know whether you have been selfish with your Fi, so I don't understand the delineation of you vs them.

Case in point. ENFP male friend went partying and overslept the next day. Was uncontactable. Missed his brother's marriage solemnization ceremony. Says "I might as well not go anyway, I should disappear, I can't face them anymore".

That is selfish behaviour. Fi sees it as self sacrificial and mitigating, but it is not. He made that mistake, he should own up to it, apologize, and go and be present. The fact that he only really cares about how he feels and his guilt is selfish. Stop it. Stop with the Us vs Them argument. 

No, you don't "use your Te" more often because you're male or ESFP or whatever. Maybe you are better at assessing things for what they are, and managing your emotions. But to claim you are better at a thinking function just to say "I'm more logical than them" is just silly.See what I mean?

Reverting to the "it's not an NFP thing" and "you've just met immature NFPs" argument.

Lady, this IS how we other types view NFPs. Adult NFPs I've met enjoy pushing personal boundaries. Has it never occurred to you that say "hey, I think we do that too, we should learn to be better?" MBTI is for self improvement, not to be an excuse :/That's not an extreme example. That's an example of my friend who is otherwise a caring and selfless person, who exhibits selfish behaviour unknowingly at times. 

You don't know because you don't see it as selfish. MOST of you are normal and selfless, sure, but it doesn't mean you don't have your selfish moments as perceived by others. It's not so black and white.Dude. This thread asks for why NFPs are hated. I gave my reasons. Why do you get so personally offended? 

If you want to list NTJ flaws, I'm ready to hear it. I know my flaws and will own up to them. I learn MBTI to make self improvements. 

Also, ENTJ has Fi and I don't understand your last paragraph.Alright, stop. Must you insinuate that I've been hurt by anyone? My closest male friends are ENFP and ENTP. I'm just being realistic about their flaws and answering OP's question. I'm sorry my honesty is offensive.Where the fuck did you get that idea? Where did I ever say ALL NFPs are like that?

It's not black and white. I merely pointed out the negative tendencies. You don't know my sample size. I knew enough NFPs to recognise a pattern of their tendencies. All types have shitty negative tendencies but it doesn't mean all of them act on their tendencies. Chill the fuck out

&gt; I think you're mixing up the Feeling function with emotion, when it's actually the ability to evaluate the *needs* of an entity.

It's neither, actually. 

I also merely listed some things I observed, I have never ascribed these flaws to Fi, so I think that's your own conclusion.You and me both, I don't know man. Yes it's hard to see others pointing out flaws. It's like you can never have an honest discussion with them about it because they really, really resist discussing anything that might threaten their self.I share your sentiments dude. Good for you, she seems extremely self aware. I could never see myself dating one though. I probably rustled *all* their jimmies with my brutally honest post.Thanks.No and no. I accept that some are the way they are. Don't feel compelled to change them; just want to avoid them.Pft, you're the only one getting butthurt here. Rustled your little-baby-Fe jimmies?Sounds more ExFP. Ever considered ESFP?...it follows from his previous comment? Additionally, his comment is unproductive in this thread.

I have inf-Fi, INTPs have inf-Fe. Jimmies are easily rustled and we box ourselves in to our judgments of people. Why are you getting butthurt at me pointing it out? O.OLol, you are one to talk about Fi grip... Just like how I can't stand irrelevant comments like his. You can't stand mine, I can't stand his. Fair?Flaws when you were younger, vs now?Sounds like strong Pe + Fi. Leaning towards ENFP or ESFP because center of attention + everyone likes them + transience.

However, it is obvious that your opinion of this friend is very skewed. It is not easy to type someone just based on their flaws, especially when these flaws are based on *your* perception.

&gt; Whenever a serious conversation happens, she always does something to make it stop or take away from what's actually happening.

Ne-Fi. I can't count the number of times an ENFP friend has interjected a conversation with their (a him and a her) own stories and interests because the conversation at hand is not interesting to them.

&gt; She's very interested in the arts, but not a very deep person.

What do you mean she's not very deep? By whose standard is this? 

&gt; She's open to new experiences, but not to new ideas. Once her opinion is set, it's set.

Any person is capable of this, especially if you fundamentally disagree. Might be your Fi against hers.

Reposting my old comment, I still have the same judgment. Again, a lot of your criticisms of her seem to be Fi vs Fi than anything else.

Sounds like strong Pe + Fi. Leaning towards ENFP or ESFP because center of attention + everyone likes them + transience.

&gt; Whenever a serious conversation happens, she always does something to make it stop or take away from what's actually happening.

Ne-Fi. I can't count the number of times an ENFP friend has interjected a conversation with their (a him and a her) own stories and interests because the conversation at hand is not interesting to them.

&gt; She's very interested in the arts, but not a very deep person.

What do you mean she's not very deep? By whose standard is this? 

&gt; She's open to new experiences, but not to new ideas. Once her opinion is set, it's set.

Any person is capable of this, especially if you fundamentally disagree. Might be your Fi against hers.

It's not that they avoid serious conversation per se, but they tend to distract others from the conversation at hand if it is not interesting to them - whether or not it is serious.Yes, this was what I mean. They are capable of being serious, but they often change the conversation if it is uninteresting/ they don't know about it/ are at an intellectual disadvantage in discussing it.After the shitstorm of introverts circlejerking about how special snowflakingly deep, intellectual, introspective, and sensitive they are (more so the other half of the fucking population), which is emphatically and empirically untrue, I figured we needed an equalizer.

For the record, I think introverts and extroverts can have the same strengths and weaknesses.

I just want to see how objective we can make this discussion, or if we're going to get another passive aggressive, circlejerk session.

**Edit: Oh we're getting downvotes on all comments here now. Interesting.**
I used to think I liked ENFPs but it was more of an explosive beginning than a sustainable relationship.

I like the idea of INFPs through fiction but never got to know one IRL well enough to check.

INFJs are very complicated and deep. Intriguing. Sadly my competitive side seems to not appeal to them.

ISFJs are cool in the sense of "comfortable relationship", even though I don't find a deep connection there.Can confirm ENTJ men are admirable.

Source : ENTJ man.Hmm, as an example, I'll use the strongest relation I had with an INFJ :

She would dislike when I get competitive, when I stomp my way through a gaming tournament, when I beat other people. She'd prefer me to play cooperative games than competitive ones.

I tend to be edgy and dominant at times, and she wished I was softer, not trying to fight my way through life.

To be honest, it made very little sense to me, as my competitive side was within my competitive and professional fields, and I could keep a soft personality within my SO relationship.Wow, that escalated softly.I don't really like to categorize but I feel like ENFPs really are the embodiement of free will and social interactivity, so it is sometimes hard to settle down and build something as two.&gt; Te - Show me the evidence that your way is better than mine because I don't believe it. stops listening and critiques grammar or dies alone defending outnumbered Why was I the only one defending the tower? the tower was going to fall anyway no matter what

Yes.I dislike drama.

Especially in my competitive field, I feel like people talk too much about others performance. I just wish people would come, play and enjoy the game, without moaning about X or Y upset. Swedish smashers that know Leffen believe he's not INTJ though, I'm not sure what leads you to assume he is.Ok.Ok.Ok.answer "Ok." to their reddit posts

source : am older man harassing youI'm not sure anymore

/u/Zoler are you there? :(

IIRC it was something like ISxP ? But definitely not INTJ, as it was what I suggested he is and he answered that Leffen isn't INTJ at allfat fat fat fat fat fat fat fat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat

le funny meme xd/r/INTJ - Mostly ISTJs. :^)There are already games based on MBTI.

Tomodachi Life literally uses a short questionnaire to put you in one of 16 different types. Miitomo does too.

The Zero Escape series is based upon Enneagram (9 characters), and I believe Uchikoshi may have used MBTI aswell.

You wouldn't believe how many characters the Danganronpa uses. 16. They are also pretty "MBTI-Stereotypical", especially with their "ultimate talents".

Wildstar also did a job system based upon Bartle typology, which can be seen as inspired from MBTI and adapted to MMORPGs.

Didn't want to break the MMORPG idea, just wanted to say that many studios already inspired themselves using MBTI[Might or Magic? A Study of Gamers’ Personality Types ](https://www.16personalities.com/articles/might-or-magic-a-study-of-gamers-personality-types)

You might like this article.hello i'm fairly new but this mbti channel is dopeI like how you critisize 16P for being less "scientifically accurate", yet 16P is basically a Big 5 test with MBTI letters on it.

Anyway, yes, I prefer Big5 than MBTI, but they're not exactly the same thing. I an ENTJ in MBTI theory, while I'm xNTJ in Big5 theory.cute but it lacks tacos and empanadas and crepes ;o;Actually I believe he's right considerating the MBTI Jungian theory.

The 16P test is a dichotomic test that is actually a sort of mix between MBTI letters and big5 theory. 

Results can be different ; i'm the equivalent of INTJ in big5/16p, but I am ENTJ function wise.Questioner.Big-5 is actually my favorite. I like the dichotomy + percentages. The letters are just less convenient sounds... awesome... wuuh.Your enneagram strongly indicates that you are a √7 w2½xDDnoINFPs are cool.I think he's an ISTP who learnt to use Ni throughout the movie. I see INFP as "calm and collected", usually nice and very close to the innocence/authenticity I like in people.

There's also this spark INFPs have in the eye, this very intense yet pure way to look at this. I find it amazing.

On a side note, it might be because I relate to Fi a lot even though I don't use it to guide me, so I like the point of view of Fi dom usersISTJ = Vegetarian

?_?16P is NOT a mbti test.You're ISTP now? 

What am Iperhaps because i'm not entj ;o;Just like /u/anomaly023 said, I have a diary, but it's not about daily messages. Moreso an online sort of diary/blog mix where I can hopefully share my ideas with unknown readers, being anonymous myself. Definitely more of a "thoughtbook" or introspection field.Everything counts.Use Ti. 
We INTJ aren't analysts.Am intj, got intj. 

The test seems nice and fast. Some questions can seem misleading though.

For instance, I'm on mobile. And when I see "blablabla a) blablabla b) blablabla " without proper grammar, it seems confusing. I would recommend modifying those so that you don't rely on letters as a matter of answering anymore.Go getter, inventor, visionary.What would make it better for you?It's extremely practical and makes it easier to socialize and know which type you're discussing with after a bit of mbti study. 

Also,  I love it because I've always liked categorizing. Back in high school, I would type people with my own "personality types" ("maths person",  "sport dude", "witch", "bookworm" and so on). So it is natural for me ; and actually nice to see that what I could get intuitively through my typing actually is part of a bigger and well known theory I like the idea of a way to get it to you by the end of the day I was in the shower and then I'll be home to get my stuff together and head to the airport in the whole world is a fox jumps over the first one is the one I was looking for a few days and I have a few questions about the giveaway winner and the absolute favorite color you have any reason again I don't think its own but not so I guess we can go mad.

INTJAurarus ♡So it's that time of the day alreadyThere must be a connection, 4 houses and 4 temperaments !!!Nice theory for a cute bird!Which test do you recommend along the tests linked in the website you linked above ?I was hoping you would recommend another one, I actually tried this one and it crashed right after the last question :(INTJ

9:13 

I wanted it to be precise so I waited until 9:13 kicks away, but then I wondered about wether should I stop at the beginning or the end of 9:18.

Also, I am writing with a phone so I won't have as much of a wall of texts.

I am laying in bed and although I want to do things today in order to prepare my move to my University apartment early September, I always pretend I'm sleeping so I avoid the bad part of my family while texting the relatives I like

Tonight I'll do what is called a "Laser Game" as it is called in France, basically doing the stormtrooper. I like the concept but I feel like sensors are way better. I once thought my great intj mind would help but reaction times are way better 

The same applied to escape rooms, really. I thought I would Ni my way out of rooms, but I think the best combo is INTP leader with ESTP searchers. Although I sometimes find unexpected bonuses without knowing why.

I also kind of want to play smash Bros melee right now. This game has so much freedom of movement and expression it's incredible. I used to think I was competitive, but I just want to move around as if my physical body wasn't restricted by gravity rules

End of 9:18/beginning of 9:19Ugh!Statistics are what they are.

Once a very stubborn person told me I should give up on finding someone with similar interests because statistics show the best love is found in the workplace

I still find contradictory examples here and there. And it doesn't mean stats are wrong (they maybe aren't), but it means that 3x more likely doesn't mean 100% chance of happening at all, and you're free to be a nice SO if you find the right person and want to be the right SOI don't understand why Infp seem to care about others like a Fe person would do

Either way I love extreme feels and irrational fears so I liked to read your text in a way... But you should relax stillINTJ. I dislike chess and don't really know the other gamesYeah, I feel like this may be a thing of immature INTJs. I like comfort, not being afraid of bills, earning enough to not feel in danger money wise, but I definitely favor living a peaceful life over working a lot in order to earn a lot of money I wouldn't have time to use either waySame, the graph instantly excited my TeAre you okay?A sociology lecture Is it.possible to try those tests online for free? Aside for big5 which is fairly popular already.Am 4, described as edgy. After all, the healthy 4 according to similarminds is edgy by definition.I'm only up to season 6 so no spoilers please.

Flame princess strikes me as INTJ ; I relate to her a lot.

Jake is ENTP and Finn ESFP. They actually argue about imagination and being practical when they're stuck home because it's raining knives outside in season one

I think bubblegum is INTP, typically doing science and while she's bossy, it's not really about productivity or reaching a future goal most of the time.

I think bmo is ISFJ but in a different way than tree trunks is. Bmo is playful, cute and helpful. Couldn't type her INFJ though ; it's how I would type rainicorn.

Also, I think Jake's workaholic kid is ESTJ, but once again differently than lemonsI meant that the definition of healthy 4 according to similarminds includes the adjective "edgy"

But if I were to define it I would say unnecessary solitary, dark, and cynical? I don't really know, shadow the hedgehog is the typical edgy character. Or Kirito from SAO. Or Anakin especially in star wars 3INTJ

Ni=Te=Fi&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Se

4w5My guts!!! I don't know she seems calm thoughtful and mysterious, I wouldn't know of any other type for her. I initially thought ENFP but she's very calm and collectedType : INTJ

From : France

Chat using : discord, telegram

Anything else to add : no Its been 10 years since my last reading of Yugi, and your suggestions are alright aside from Pegasus, which I cannot really view as ENFJ.

Off topic but I loved bakura. I've read INFP but I don't know anything about his personality actually Hey both of you, I'm french. I don't think I would have enough topics to cover a one on one topic, but I would maybe enjoy a 3 people convo where I get to help you talk aswell as discussing as 3. Perhaps you're interestedThat's describing me minus the part where he talks about his ex/trophee GF.I'd say INTJ

You can see the Ni/Se at work when he's doing his first BoB fight

There's plenty of Te in his min-max attempts, like his efficient schedule when grouping with noobs and levelling at night during S01E2 or 3 idk anymore 

But that Te is often shadowed by his strong Fi (not wanting to group for personal values) and enneagram 4 (I'll pick a lightsaber because I dislike guns)You jesterI won't create an account just to help you ; if you want to harvest opinions let your website be flexible to that demand.Fair enough. Got INTJ-A.

I think on mobile moving the cursor is a bit troublesome, I would make it larger.

This double negative feels a bit confusing : "My home and work environments are not usually tidy" 

Many questions feel "inspired" by 16p test, to say the least.I am giving an opinion, not factual data. You don't need to defend yourself or justify your acts, if you feel like my opinion is irrevelant just ignore it.

From what I noticed you particularly enjoy compliments and dislike actual criticizing, did you actually search for validation instead? If that's the case, simply ask for that.

 If that isn't the case, then you should actually look wider and answer more than 1 out of the 3 points I madeNo, there isn't any single ISFP with a vivid inner world throughout millions of ISFP.I honestly did a lot of MBTI tests, and questions were never this close to 16P. 

Perhaps you're right, I usually take "lol" as a sign of sarcasm when ending a sentence that is obviously not intended to be funny. Sorry if that wasn't the case either wayHow can isfp be real if forests aren't realAlright sorry for being aggressive let me know if you need further opinionsIs there an adjective such as "untidy" ? I am not a native English speaker but a negative adjective would help the process YesINTJ 4w5 - Ciel Phantomhive (Black Butler)

He's cold, authoritarian, tiny, firm and longsighted - likes being unique a lot too

Deeper inside, his emotions are boiling, he's actually not very practical and couldn't do a lot by himself ; balance of strong and weak.It's an image for antsINTJ - Ciel phantomhiveIt may be the wrong assumption. Experience isn't knowledgeUsed to be into INFJ a lot, but my experience seems to tell me they're actually dangerous for me.

I guess the fetish passed onto isfj's. They seem more fitting, nowI'm glad you didn't get upset over my sentence haha. Honestly, the PM part is a bit weird, as people here like to get public feedback on the things they write.

Also, don't make some people feel out of it; if you don't care about the, say, ESTP answers, just ignore them for your study case!I was searching for my true personality for my whole life, but I actually found myself on Reddit. I am actually /u/yeerks. I actually don't know. I'm just out of a unhealthy relationship with an INFJ (if you want the whole thread I'll show you in PMs, I used a throwaway) - I think they care so much about world harmony that they may destroy those who truly care about them for the greater good.

Also, they are fairly manipulative and rather promise what's impossible than step down from a relationship.

But that's also why I love them ; it's always a game of chess, very intense. It feels like the death note of relationships

I would like to hear your side of the story, as it seems you have one tooThings such as ever 17: the out of infinity make me realize I would definitely be able to like an AI. I really recommend this game, it's the sweetest AI love I've seen I think

But Lucy : the eternity she wished for and Her remind me that biggest issue I have with humans isn't cleared through AI : trust issuesNew messages on a public post appear as a "new message" to me,it might just be that!Seems painful. I'll forward you the story in PMsI would argue it is the contrary.

Te searches for the best option given particular conditions, while Ti asks themselves "why does it work" in order to replicate.

My management teacher gave us an "open the door" example in order to understand the difference between efficient and effective :

An effective way to open the door is to blast it with a bomb ; it works every time, despite the loss. An efficient way to open the door is to find the key, because then you'll lose a little bit of time for a money gain, since a 30 second gain is rarely ever worth the cost of a door alongside collateral damage.

By those definitions, I think Ti may bomb the door while Te uses the key.Guess I'm ISTJ nowI challenge them to a game of Super Smash Brothers MeleeMale INTJ. I like the idea of liking ISFJs, but I really cannot stray away from INFJs.Hello. I like this one.A blurry painting of a green big tree, in between summer and fall.

Then I tried to unblurry it all, and did regret because I saw all that green, and I dislike green.

Then I wished you would've asked for something that isn't as green as a tree. Or I could've imagined another tree I guess. The dude was correcting the "your/you're" typo.I never do that, I remember them all ; unless there's a mistyping you can easily link the type to some of the person's usual traitsAfter all, it's an ISTJ community...INTP

PM for my paypalHahaINTJ - my current favorite character is A2 from NieR. She's most likely an INTj, but a very detached one ; no power craves is a good thingDo you really need to use three answers in order to reply to someone every time? Is it because you've spent too much time smelling flowers you can't act like a civilised person?Although the test was nice, it doesn't seem to have any particularly rare information ; it just confirmed former results I had INFJ

I'm a bot translating Big-5 results to MBTI. Beep boop.The bartle personality test was specifically made for building RPGs, you are right. 

Fun fact if you like the genre : wildstar inspired its crafting/job system from there on You would be better off studinyg the Brainhex gamer personality test, which produced some academic papers on the link between gamer types and MBTI types.

Enjoy the research!

Edit : feel free to let me know what results you got, I'm actually interested in it quite a bitNo problem! 

If I may ask, what results did you get? You're on point regarding INTJsI think INFJxINTJ is an awesome matching, I wish you two the best Do you have a link to the test?Yes, aside from neuroticism which isn't part of MBTI, you shouldn't get anything else than RxOEI as INTJ for instance.Red one ?Do we have any free will?

This is a very deep question, and determinism is honestly as popular as philosophical libertarianism. You may be interested in this [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCGtkDzELAI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCGtkDzELAI)A2 from NieR Automata. 

A free will Android fighting against determinism and being a free spirited soul, who finally learns to accept soft determinism and embrace nihilism while enjoying what the world has to offer independently from wether it's actually predetermined or not 

Also, a lot going deep down while trying to stay untouched by feelings. A real emotional rollercoaster.I agree regarding A2, she's a very inspiring character to me.

2B gave me an INFJ vibe, honestly. Either function or dichotomy wise I think it makes sense when you factor in that she considers her mission as a sort of workplace where she wants to fill the role perfectly. Since the first few minutes, you can feel there's much more deep down.

9S felt xSFP to me. Perhaps ISFP moreso than ESFP. He's fairly lyrical and concerned by personal values, while also being stubborn and matter of fact "person".

Regarding the others, I felt they were not really characterized enough to type them. I would agree on Pascal INFP, or perhaps actually INTP ?In another thread, I explained why A2 is my favorite character :

"A2 from NieR Automata. 

A free will Android fighting against determinism and being a free spirited soul, who finally learns to accept soft determinism and embrace nihilism while enjoying what the world has to offer independently from wether it's actually predetermined or not 

Also, a lot going deep down while trying to stay untouched by feelings. A real emotional rollercoaster."

She works by eurekas (Ni) while being a free spirit who does whatever feels right to her (Fi), her fight mode and way of talking are very precise and straight to the point, without any superficiality (Te).

That's what I would say, but honestly she stroke me as INTJ without any explanation at first, I just related a lotHmm...I feel like the last time she met 2B everything ticked in her mind, hence the dutiful personality and instant haircut, along with the progressive change of mind.

She also has a very deep stare, melancholic yet powerful, it really gives me a Ni vibe.

As for inferior Se, I am not able to recognize it for myself so I can't talk much about it for her as well, sorry!You'd want a place to discuss MBTI, but sadly, it's always full of circlejerk

You'd want a place to discuss MBTI, but sadly, it's always full of experts who mock the beginners

You'd want a place to discuss MBTI, but sadly, it's always full of intuitives who reject sensors

You'd want a place to discuss MBTI, but sadly, it's always full of exaggerated and overheated arguments

You'd want a place to discuss MBTI, but sadly, it's always full of japanese elderly men

You'd want a place to discuss MBTI, but sadly, it's always full of Jangosthenes or Foofies

****
Fear not, for I have what you desire. Give the [ECP Community](https://discord.gg/nPMgsg6) discord server a try. 

They are welcoming, nice, knowledgeable, and sometimes post tuna or cats picture.

They also totally didn't threaten me to post that or I'll see my relatives killed in a fire.Hey there,
Something that has been bothering me for awhile ; and might help me know wether I'm actually INFJ or INTJ.

While doing cognitive function tests, I've always scored high on Ni, Te and Fi (not really in touch with Se though).

Yet, there's something that bothers me about Fe, as I understand it. I understand social norms, I know what is considered normal or what isn't. I understand social cues and tend to read body language pretty well, or know what people expect of me in a given situation (although I've been told I'm clueless about people openly flirting with me lately but I guess that doesn't have to do with Fe).

Anyway, as an enneagram 4w5, I sometimes like to know what is the norm so I can do the opposite obviously, and was wondering about that relation between understanding social norms and Fe.

(As an offtopic, since some of you might try to type me based on my post - and it is appreciated -, I relate to Fi a lot, and I would totally be INFJ if the function stack were Ni-Fi-Te-Si, but I don't relate to Ti a lot, and I know I have a lot of Fi. I've wondered about INFP too but I'm 100% positive about not having any Ne either)

Thank you for your inputTitle + thank you very much Hello!

Just wanted to talk about it casually. I am studying management and human resources in France, where most of our stuff is law and economics unlike in the US where the studies are more focused on psychology (as we've been told, I am unsure of this)

An assignment for the first semester was an oral presentation with no restrictions on the topic, so I built a group and asked them if we could ask ourselves "in which ways can a personality type be an useful managing tool". The 3 others explained the basics, the different types and how it helps recruiting, while I went in slightly more advanced stuff such as group Dynamics and understanding of others through their personality type.

We were warmly applauded by the students and were the only presentations where people asked questions for more than 10 minutes ! (The other presentations had no questions at all)

I included 2 links to free tests at the end of the presentation (25quiz and 16p because it's the only decent test translated in French, and you should know this country is mostly hostile to speaking another language at all) and could notice people doing them on their cellphones during the next presentation 

The questions were mostly about the dangers of MBTI, people being afraid of the "secret formula for work efficiency", which I tried to deny ; we don't use MBTI to deny a personality type misfit to their job, we use it to double check they're sure of the reality of their tasks before getting their job. We also use it to understand why people do the work their way - one is not lazy (I put a sloth picture from zootopia but it didn't get as many laughs as I thought it would :( ), they're just collecting data up until the last moment before compiling, and the acceptance of introverts  in an extraverted workfield too.

The teacher was very sensitive to my comparison with cars - we don't forbid cars just because one might drive the wrong way, the MBTI has to be handled in a mature way, and used like this, can participate to a company's growth and multicultural understanding.

Just wanted to tell the story of an INTJ helped by ENFP, ESFJ and ISTP to showcase one of his passions. Thanks for reading :)Ni : /r/Showerthoughts \- Should be fairly self explanatory. I actually had the idea of making this post in a shower myself

Ne : /r/ImaginaryLandscapes \- I think it embodies pretty well the imagination part aswell as the openness to the world that Ne symbolises

Ti : /r/Futurology \- Going to be honest, this is the least convincing to me. I picked Futurology because it seemed to have the most "web of perhaps applicable ideas" among every subreddit I can think of.

Te : /r/TimeManagement \- Although not very active, I think this subreddit summarizes the need for efficiency. How can I make the most in the tiniest window of time?

Fi : /r/unpopularopinion \- Here, the goal is to write about opinions that go against current trends, typically letting out what you feel like moreso than what you should feel like

Fe : /r/Cringepics \- From the looks of it, this subreddit embodies the socially unaccepted acts.

Si : /r/MMORPG \- Most of the subreddit activity is mourning the golden age of MMORPG. DAE remember the old days of MMO?

Se :  /r/oddlysatisfying \- When everything looks smooth or nice. Aesthetics.

What do you think of these?

Edit : MBTI Virtuoso : /u/Gear300 \- Forgot this one!Hello there,

I am writing my master thesis on the usage of personality tests in the workfield, as a HR manager. I'm writing a part about the dangers of dunning-kruger applied to personality tests and how they can lead to bias. I wanted to picture some humor along.

If you feel like being part of history (jk), please send me your best memes. If you know the original author and it isn't you, i'll credit both :) 

I'd prefer if they were somewhat mainstream, as the thesis isn't specifically about MBTI, so it must be easily understandable

ThanksApparently, the MC can see people's MBTI (Death Note shinigami eyes much?) where the other can change his MBTI at will.

Definitely curious about the use of MBTI in a movie setting without much explanation before hand

[https://mydramalist.com/688127-i-can-see-your-mbti](https://mydramalist.com/688127-i-can-see-your-mbti)Some have done it, but it doesn't matter.Are there memesSomething meaningful, thoughtful, and that I didn't ask forAlthough the explanation is mostly valid, I'd just add that holding someone accountable for their actions only exists upon the free will paradigmINFJs are my favorites because they look like they're dangerously able to hide their true thoughts in order to comfort people in their preconceived perceptions I found it funny but didn't understand it particularly. Then again, I like absurd.I agree.

Somewhere on the line you should add that MBTI doesn't have any lie analysis ; sure questions are easy as hell to manipulate, but on top of it there's a worrying lack of sincerity verification.


But as you said, MBTI is like a plug and play console, while big-5 is that messy computer that you have to build, install drivers, correctly plug all peripherals...It's actually a TL Dr from the paper...

But there you go :
TL;DR : ESFJ ESTP ISTJ ENFJIs there a possibility to have your personality evolve as you age within the big-5 theory? Because if that isn't the case, I can hardly explain the age trends such as ESTPs going extinct (exaggerating) after 25French melee community is full of INTPs as far as I can tell so you're not wrong Yes"An ENFP is like every other ENFP, like some ENFP, unlike every other ENFP"SameI think you are getting baitedTuna with garlics please /s/specialsnowflakesISFPs hate meChampetteTbh I've been questioned on my type when talking about feelings, I can understand being bored of it I definitely relate to this definition of Ni more than any former definition. Very interesting Because they've been gifted with the ability to thinkI've always thought of Weiss as isfj and Winter as ISTJ. What's your point of view ?My experience with INFJs is the same. You're in a comfortable cocoon of lies. And heck it's incredibly nice even if it's not real - quickly you become addicted beyond reason and now you're hooked, say goodbye to your sanityIs it necessarily bad?ISFJs are the INFJ special snowflakes of the internet 🤔INFJs are very rare IRL, but according to the pictures and your answer you are just as rare on the internet, thus making you look like a special snowflake of your own kind...

Sorry, far stretched humor No problem! Sorry for the bad communicationISFJs are sweetTheorically, 16p is the best of both worlds : plug and play items from the MBTI mixed with the scientifically validated Big-5.

More specifically, questions seem to have a bit of bias here and there which leads to intuitive bias both in results and perceived notions yesISFJs are the special snowflakes of the internet, remember? :DNice ! How do you plan to relate them two?I've read some papers finding correlation between BrainHex types and MBTI types.

BrainHex types are psychological gaming types.

Another hindsight would be to first prove that authors use MBTI to create characters sometimes, then finding the study that shows people tend to emulate the personality of their favorite character. 

I would choose either method to start the presentation 🤔My issue with jungian functions is that it's not really plug and play. It depends on how much time you get, but it's already slightly challenging to explain MBTI letters, explaining that a given type is based on 4 functions which includes 2i and 2e but also a T/F and I/E symmetry... I know my fellow students would get lost.

But if you feel like being able to explain it clearly (idk how much time your presentation is limited to) go for it!I'm an INFJ.True. I am fairly assistive and when I talk people do listen. Introverted does not mean shy by essenceI recommend playing NieR automata if you can. Under the shallow appearance it talks about existentialism a lot

I've fought that too, but honestly being at peace with the fact that essence doesn't exist makes the world much more easy to live in. There's nothing you're expected to do, and a scary freedom that you do not even have to participate inIt's really worth it. It's definitely one that has the potential to change you as a person Why not minimize them?Answered by Sebastian MichaelisMight just be me, but your sentences seem to drown in pain. I'm sorry if it is the case. :(Wrong, but thank you for the thoughtless comment. Everyone's really grateful for your thoughtless comments in their little threads.Gear300 is a Reddit account based around making fun of ISTJs."Wrong, but thank you for the thoughtless comment. Everyone's really  grateful for your thoughtless comments in their little threads."Reminds me of something funny of my past ; I used to really dislike the idea of being F, while also having the gimmick of writing "I feel x" for most sentences.

I tried to correct it for awhile because I wanted to embody the robot persona before realizing how superficial it isWhy would we go to /r/mbtimemes when /r/MBTI is very mostly about it nowadaysIt isn't bad, it is just a Big-5 test disguised as MBTI. Which isn't a bad idea per se because MBTI letters seem more "plug and play"

The issue is that it sells itself as MBTI when it isn't.

Then again, I personally think it's much much better than the official MBTI test, which is much more shallow than 16p. If I had to choose between those two I'd give 16p Everytime Why? No knowledge about it whatsoeverAsuna from SAO seems ENFJ to me"I'm an INTJ/P-A"Well, technically, there hasn't been any like, dislike or comment on the YouTube postSo the cognitive functions order is nothing but a religious belief exterminated widely extrapolated from Jung? There's no reason I should trust it as part of Jung's theory? 

If that is right then I can quit feeling my Ni Fi Te Xx stack is wrong by concept.

What about the other types of balance btw, such as no two N/S/T/F in the same stack? Are they extrapolated beliefs?I understand, I'm just trying to show how sensor hate became a mainstream joke. Sorry for annoying you, if you ever feel like having meaningful discussion and happen to be able to read french I'd love commentary on my masters thesis.I relate most of the time. But it's also a matter of a acknowledging that meaningful discussion on a stale subject is hard to come by. Barely any discovery regarding mbti has been made lately, we inevitably go full circle from time to time!

Honestly, on the top of my head, my favorite mbti posts have been art explaining mbti. For instance, when someone drew their perception of cognitive functionsMy two passions in one post, I feel blessedRuby - ENFP

Weiss - ISFJ

Would you agree?It's something I believed aswell. But Weiss used to be proud of her roots and traditions once, then evolved into someone caring yet very witty, almost surgical in her way of talking. This would meet an INTJ stereotype, but I feel like she would rather be more implicit and less upfront had she been INTJ. The secretly caring but rather cold persona strikes me as ISFJ personally.

I agree about Yang! As for Blake I would've said INFP, but perhaps you don't relate as one? Season 2 ep 8 (I think?) Where she says she got into the job because she wanted to help the world become right stroke me as definitely INFP/Fi. What clues lead you to INFJ?This is great. Please do more!
No. If we have a difficult time figuring out who our real selves are, we would just be doing lots of work in random direction without purpose. That's just silly. Inferior Fi tends to manifest more as a lack of accommodation for others and their moral code while insisting on our own.

What's twisted up inside is usually just intense anger, rage and misery.Typing by axis are we?

Strong Ni users are confident when our plans fall into place. Strong Si users are confident when routines fall nicely in place.

Weak Ni (strong Se) users like yourself are more likely to be less confident. This also applies to weak Si (strong Ne) users.Ni is a field of possibility in which a user navigates his/her path. The width of the path is dictated by the personal tastes and preferences of an individual, not by type.Yep. This is spot on. We tend to do things that would screw people over in a legal manner or in an illegal but undetectable manner when they cross us.What if you believing in your religion is making another, perhaps actually real omnipotent being angrier and angrier? (Simple counter to Pascal's wager - thousands of religions exist)Lmao :'D 

Because NTs are the saltiest when it comes to religion :PYou are honestly the douchiest ISFP I've ever had the chance to meet. It's like you revel in all the bad parts of your stereotype and you splatter it all over this sub. I sincerely doubt that you are actually a "bad person" but your behaviour is seriously obnoxious.You'd be surprised. The purpose of the vast majority of our actions stem from Fi. We express it with Te. You'd see the inferior part pop up when we enforce morality regardless of how people feel and their own personal morality.ISTJs tend to stifle ENFPs. It's the matching of one of the most enthusiastic person with one of the least.I'm quite good at hiding my emotions in general, so yes. I generally withdraw from other people, binge eat junk food, meditate and sleep (if that's possible).That's so amazingly cute! :'DDid you even read the question ffsIt's amusing that many Fe users have poor EQ. The ones who don't are pretty amazing though. :)Could you possibly describe/give examples of such instances? Thanks! :)Thank you for the vote. ENTJs 2015! 



Jokes aside we are only soft as butter to certain groups of people. If you are dead to us, we are cold as ice.;)

It has to do with our ability to hide our feelings and do what is necessary, not what we feel like doing. That usually leads us to treat others fairly, even if we dislike them.I just leave social gatherings, ignore any messages and let the whole thing ride out. The important thing is to not do things with negative, irreversible effects when you are irrational. Always think critically before acting out a desire. I ride it out usually by stuffing my face with junk food, being alone and reading the 48 laws of power (and probably obsessing over how I should resolve the issue that is plaguing me to such a large extent).Wow damn. Not sure if I should consider that a compliment! :')

To be fair, I've been told that I look fierce/scary/super serious/like I have X-ray eyes/other crap like that when I'm just trying to figure out what's in the other person's head or my mind is somewhere else thinking.Fe tends to use soft power (negotiations, manipulations, etc.), while Te tends to use hard power (directions, coercions, etc.). Both can be brutal and cruel, but people tend to notice brutality from hard power more. Note that leaders must sometimes be cruel to achieve the necessary end goal.Just as I can call Fe easily swayed and unprincipled, you can call Fi insensitive and self-centred.Fe users who are trying to manipulate are usually fine with spewing white lies *for a cause*. They may try to get you or the people around you to sympathise with them to try and force you into things. 

Te users prefer not to use white lies to manipulate but rather hold people hostage by their promises, commitments and responsibilities. XNTJ users especially tend to say things in a particular way so that the full meaning of what they say is actually very broad, while the perceived meaning by the receiver is typically narrower, leaving them unsuspecting of the full responsibilities and commitments they have just been strong-armed into.

Edit: We can guilt trip people to death if we have the means to.Why don't you just *ask* her?Lemme just link you to the Enneagram sub real quick: https://m.reddit.com/r/EnneagramAnother personality tool. Enneagram explains why people do things (motivated by core fears and desires), while MBTI explains how people do things (what functions people preferentially use in their cognitive framework). So you are better off chilling in the Enneagram sub with your kind of question.I mean just look at my fucking urlIsn't the problem with the argument the fact that a false equivocation is drawn between "definition" and "existence"? You can essentially substitute any magical being (like an invisible flying unicorn orbiting Earth while farting rainbows) with any property, and you would still arrive at the same conclusion as a result of circular reasoning.You might want to look into the tritype theory for Enneagram. It's the theory that people choose one Enneagram type from each group (8, 9, 1; 2, 3, 4; 5, 6, 7) and organise it according to preferential use. For example, I'm an 837. I use my 8w7 preferentially, complimented by 3w4 and 7w8. I am adapt at 7w8 abilities, but I'm not quite a 7w8. This is similar to the situation with 3w4, where I embody similar qualities which skews the typical type 8 description towards something more personalised.Yes. Synaptic plasticity allows for the reformation of significant synapses (connection between neurons) in the brain. This even allows for stroke patients to relearn how to walk. So personality change is definitely possible at any age, only the difficultly of change varies with age and experiences.Type change is supported by empirical fact. You have provided no evidence to support your claim, nor did you provide any empirically or logically backed evidence or arguments to refute mine.

Cognitive function preference is merely categorised cognitive frameworks, and since cognitive frameworks can change, cognitive function preference can hence change.Essentially your entire argument can be boiled down to: "don't know anything/no proof, therefore types don't change". That isn't substantiation, I'm afraid.I sincerely hope English is not your first language, because you are really struggling to comprehend and communicate with it.MBTI is decidedly unempirical. That being said, the idea of cognitive functions is essentially the mind-self's way of obtaining and utilising information. Hence, it is part of the cognitive framework.I do have substantiation. You just refuse to accept what is empirically accurate, that minds have the ability to change, and hence personalities. Just because you refuse to accept facts does not make them any less accurate.It is not the descriptions of specific functions that I am mentioning here. It is the concept of functions. That is clearly defined above.Very interesting. Thank you for your explanation! I guess my mind went straight to the simplest route I could spot to smash the argument.That's because you are in the MBTI reddit community. It can get cancerous. Forums and Tumblr are less cancerous places for MBTI and Si and Se users. Old forums can be even more cancerous than here though, just a word of caution.Duality type: You share all the same cognitive functions, but in the exact opposite order. Supposedly the best kind of relationship for personal growth. Her strongest function is your weakest and vice versa. You guys can pull each other out of grips (functions flip due to stress) because of this. However, the initial relationship is probably rocky because the both of you are quite different.  Also, you must have enough desire for self-growth to be with your dual. Hence, maturity is even more significant in bridging, appreciating and tolerating your differences in weaknesses and strength.Yeah, and most of the newbies tend to flood here. Most of the more mature communities bash special snowflake circle jerks.Yep you are right there. Sorry about that! I probably shouldn't be answering questions at 3am :'DBy your definition, there are no facts in the world. That is nonsensical. It is possible, but so extremely improbable that it is simply inane to factor that in an argument. You are essentially saying that everything we know could be wrong so we shouldn't argue about anything ever. It is possible that a "god" exists which demands human sacrifice. Why don't everyone do that?I live my life in the way I do because it is the best way to live to me. I don't care if other people don't live that way, that's their problem. That isn't a complex.They are not snide terms. Damn the burthurt is strong.You've got a point there. It's the same with less mainstream social media alternatives. Si users tend to use media services in herds.Thank you! It's just that I hate spreading wrong information. Makes me blush at my own clumsiness and stupidity. :')Your dual (and fellow countryman) here. :)

You don't have to move out. I understand that the 9-5 lifestyle is just a grind. People eat, sleep, work, mate and die in cycles all around the globe with little impact to the world. This issue is EVERYWHERE. You cannot run from it simply by physically running from it. 

My legacy would then be to counteract this trend - create significant, practically irreversible change, and that requires something beyond the grind. Yours is to live life the way you want to. I'm probably a year younger than you, and I'm prepping for As now. I have been in the top classes in the top schools all my life. Most of my classmates will still end up with the same grind - they may become slightly rich (top 10-20% income wise), but their life would be spent on the grind as well, just with better material enjoyments. That is useless to me if I just waste my life without achieving my purpose. 

Your purpose is to live life the way you want to and you are afraid this will not be possible. It isn't. You simply need to build up enough passive income to support yourself. You don't have to start your own businesses immediately, but you have to become financially stable in order to do whatever you want. For example, I'm planning to start my own non-profit in a few months (after As and before NS) to promote awareness for mental health issues here. That would give me experience to lead and organise an organisation without money problems while fulfilling my life purpose at the same time. You can look to start work with a side gig that you grow slowly to a point where it can support you financially (or grow your own business in university). At that point, you would be able to do whatever you want, especially if your side gig is about your interests. It's nice to pursue your hobbies and interests, but to make it work, you must ensure you can support yourself with them, if not the financial problems and stress would put you off those hobbies and interests anyway. If you want to participate in the non-profit, PM me so I can keep you updated. 

In conclusion, you can pursue your hobbies and interests here. You can live your life the way you want to. However, you need to ensure sufficient passive/semi-passive income (income you don't have to do much work/spend much time on to obtain) to support such a lifestyle to start with. Ironically, you might even end up earning even more than most people.

There are niches for sexual openness. I'll say that much. You would have to explore it yourself, or you can PM me.Damn, ENFPs really are the ones who provide cheer and optimism in subs :'DHello sun sprite :D

More of the manipulative side of Fe that turns me off. The emotional blackmail. Some ESFJs I met and interacted with have this vibe where they collect information to gain leverage on you. Such behaviour is annoying. Some of them also have that desperate vibe, especially with relationships. That's totally fine with me though."Goes in line with "punishing", "doing things the right way", "bossy" "

Thank you, I'll take that as a compliment xD

On a side note, my INTP friend of ~8 years bought me a Stalin fridge magnet when he went to Georgia as a joke because "I'm like him". :'D INTPs tend to amuse me quite a lot."any unpleasantness is swept under the rug" 

That is disgusting behaviour - perhaps well intentioned in some cases, but to hide the truth and to lie simply to create a "fun atmosphere" is disturbing. This is precisely one of the biggest reasons to justify evidence for unhealthy Fe usage.It's true though. I am loud, annoying, can't shut up and a judgmental prick. :')What a piece of work you are. You can't even spell, ffs. Apparently "tumbler" is a place where you can post things.Love for me is when I'm happy sacrificing my everything for the person. When she makes me smile even when I think about her, when she is there for me not only for the highs but the lows as well, when I feel safe opening up slightly for once. That is love. To be willing to go to hell and back for her, to wage wars for her, to defy fate for her - when my pulse is merely a murmur of her name - that is when I am truly in love.I decided to be deliberately offensive because you chose to be offensive towards something that is essentially completely harmless and only for a bit of fun. Shit posts are shit posts for a reason - they are the shit.I would say that about 70% of Enneagram is backed up by modern psychology. The problem is that it isn't phrased in an intellectual manner, with a lot of language influences from the first hippie movement.That's a great metaphor. I also display emotion that I truly feel occasionally if the situation allows/demands for it.Alright. Let me see if I can give you some insight based on my personal perspectives of the world and this matter. Hopefully it would be of help.

This is *clear* inferior Fi and very, very unhealthy at that. And that is coming from a significantly Machiavellian and very unagreeable (on the unagreeableness scale) person. I would say that I exhibit very powerful Fi, but in simplistic manners, like her. Similarly, we can dip into intensely unhealthy and healthy Fi usage. Note that this is NOT exclusive of each other. There is either very intense Fi or none at all. There isn't a intense Fi only for healthy usage kind of deal. There is either having intense healthy and unhealthy Fi expressions in different scenarios by the same person or just sedation. If you are thinking of changing the intensity, the probability of that happening is practically negligible, since she has known herself for her whole life and you for only a small fragment of her life.

She is behaving in such a manner because she demands that certain social contracts (implicit and explicit) be fulfilled, or else she would not keep her end of the bargain (being nice/not ripping your throat out/whatever implicit or explicit promises she made to you). On instances where she perceives people to have transgressed such social contracts to the extent where it is no longer acceptable, she would not fulfill her side of the bargain and would attack the transgressor until a new compromise is met, or sufficient punishment is meted out. If you disagree, ask her to clarify her thought process, *especially with regards to implicit social contracts*. Question her thought processes and implicit assumptions. If necessary, juxtapose her demands to her past behaviours - do they contradict? For example, if she demands that you be willing to give your all for her when she requires it, does she reciprocate? She would adjust her internal morality to avoid hypocracy. 

To me, her Fi is at a point where it is so unhealthy that it skews her perception of the world, preventing her from reaching a more efficiently self-satisficing model of working with others. One must look at what is most probable in terms of the internal landscape of others to understand intention, which can then be utilised alongside actions to accurately judge a person and how to react. You can show her my comment if you like. I have no qualms with her disagreeing with me.

Have you considered if she is an ESTJ?The question is, is he wonderful enough to disprove the theory of solipsism for you?

And we are often as cold as it is necessary. Which can mean that we can range from being a blizzard to being like the blazing sun in summer.The stereotype of ENTJs isn't "douchebag" though. It's more of a cold, calculating, corporate asshole. Which is absolutely what some of us can be. 

This is with the assumption that "douchebag" has a frat-boy connotation to it. I have always associated the two.Well, you certainly managed to do that in that comment you made previously! :'DI didn't know I made pancakes.Dual and fellow countryman checking in. I'm a social butterfly who dabbles in many groups and communities. Of course it does feel hollow and empty and so ridiculously meaningless at times. The important bit is to find a tiny handful of people who are reliable enough to get your back and vice versa. The rest are only for the sake of connections. Maintaining close relationships require commitment and energy, so make sure that you are able to contribute and receive (and vice versa). 

Moreover, instead of trying to read individuals in group settings, try to read the group sentiment. You do not necessarily need to follow such sentiments, but you must understand and acknowledge its presence. You can challenge it and change it, but you must be upfront or obvious about such behaviour to ensure that the group can understand and notice it, rather than to view it as an attack on the group. This is very important, especially in the work place. Perhaps this also links to your disdain for the 9-5 grind.

I have been told I can talk to someone I just met as if the two of us have been old friends for a long time by an ISTJ friend amazed by her observation of me. While some part of it comes subconsciously, others are absolutely due to experience and practice. When dealing with someone individually, talk about what the person is interested in (probe to find out) and link the topic to things that you know or interest you. That creates immediate interpersonal connections. These would then help you in group scenarios, when more people are likely to stand on your side.

If you are comfortable with it, you can feel free to run social situations by me. I don't mind picking apart and explaining everything to you; it's kind of a mini hobby of mine to analyse what games people play socially. I hope what I said made sense and is helpful. Do feel free to clarify or to ask me to breakdown certain concepts shared here.MBTI is about how people think. So the things that you shared aren't very useful in that respect, I'm afraid.

The same question comes to mind everytime something like this comes up: why don't you just ask him?You should probably tell him that. He'd be touched, but in a very odd way I suppose xDIf you have to say it that way I guess I would have to agree :P

(Disclaimer: please don't be emotionally manipulative :') (or else :P) )Disclaimer: Not a sociology expert.

Simply put, no. MBTI is about how people utilise different cognitive functions preferentially (how you receive and process data). Sociology is about the observation of the social pulls (superego demands) on people and their resultant behaviour (conscious and unconscious ego responses). Hence, sociology is inherently about *why* people behave rather than *how* they behave. They might clash *on the surface*, but they should technically compliment instead of contradict. (Note certain necessary nuances with regards to language, especially with the usage of extreme words or lack there of. There are often assumptions made in models which excuse certain exceptions that occur in real life. )

Edit: Some terms used here are with reference to the Freudian model of the human psyche.What in the world was that... @_@

Stalking is only cute if desired by the stalkee I suppose :'DAnddd someone's salty. Here's the link: https://m.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/522irr/mbti_types_as_food_cute_pictures_included/d7i573x?context=3

If you actually want good intellectual discourse going, start them off yourself, instead of throwing tantrums and being passive aggressive. I'm sure myself and many here would support such things. To try to censor and shut people up for no good reason but to satisfy your own desires on the other hand, is merely poor etiquette. You are free to continue such behaviour, of course, just as I'm free to criticize what I see.Ooh yes I did see it quite a while ago. I was still a kid back then. Scared me the hell out &gt;.&lt;Definitely see the Fe-Ti there. From the information here, you seem to be ESFJ. The Si-Ne aspect doesn't really pop up as much to me as compared to Fe-Ti from what I have read. It's really between XSFJ.I have only responded accordingly to your behaviour. I reciprocate poor behaviour simply because you should experience what you have brought upon others. Clearly, you had not thought that your behaviour previously was inappropriate, merely excusing yourself under the guise of emotionality. I would not have linked the previous post for no reason other than the fact that you would rather avoid the problem rather than to face it. If you had taken to it well, I would not have continued. However, since you have now shown me evidence to the contrary, I can consider otherwise.Is that all you are going to repeat? Or are you going to check your PM for my reply to your message?It's a joke my dude :D Like a please don't follow this to the extreme because it's bad kind of thing :')There are extroverts with social anxiety! You are definitely not alone if you are one. However, you know yourself best and I think you should just take your time and let yourself react to the world without biases, comparing your thought processes to the different functions out there. Don't force it, you'll build up something reliable to work on eventually. On the bright side, you've narrowed it down significantly! Good luck on your journey to better mental health and typing. :)Super sensitive on the trigger aye :')I would take poopie head 10/10 times :'D TBH, I'd probably like being called that. I wonder if I should change my url :PIntegrated information theory could probably add on to this - the multiple connections (synapses) between neurons can stimulate faster analysis of a situation by the unconscious mind because it is unencumbered by stimuli the conscious mind receives. This essentially means that our brains can probably go a lot faster than the speed at which it is going in our conscious mind. 


On your idea of having balanced functions, I would not say that "balance" is the be all and end all. Ne-Si and Ni-Se does balance each other out, especially in the position of 2nd and 3rd functions and you often see secondary function users use it more healthily than dominant users. However, the intensity that the 1st and 4th functions bring cannot be underestimated. It is often the drive of the person, powered by the unconscious desire for the 4th function (Id pull) and driven by the 1st function, which is typically what users have the ability to utilise to its maximum extent (the full spectrum of healthy to unhealthy). I would say power to the dominant and inferior, balance to the secondary and tertiary.The question you should ask yourself is: what do I want with my life? 

Essentially, what is your purpose in life? Mine is to create practically irreversible change. Seems as though you have always gone with the flow like a lot of IXTJs do (ISTJs in particular).

Dig deep and think about what you truly desire, in the long term. Meditate or go for a long swim to force yourself to pause and think about your place in the world.

When you have discovered it, take steps towards fulfilling your purpose.Darn. Just found out that I have to dump my current account if I want to do so. Why reddit why???? :')Thank you :')To be fair, 3 months can either be too short for you to know him or too long for you not to know him depending on how intense you guys have been.Are you an INTJ? Because the way you described the functions seemed to be how INTJs use them (particularly Te-Fi).Type: ENTJ

Likes: Straightforwardness, open mindedness and critical (constructive of course).

Dislikes: Dishonesty (even if it is to make someone feel better), irrationality, uninformed arrogance (when a person is dumb but behaves or perceives himself or herself as intelligent).

I'm expecting that you would share your results, since this is a community effort.Aww you guys, I'm blushing already.Would you sacrifice your present for what you can become in the future? All my interactions with Si users seemed to signal very low risk appetite.

Moreover, there also seems to be a strong aversion to trying new things in general (tendency to be skeptical) or change that can be avoided/brought about. Is that accurate and why? 

How should I appeal to the Ne of Si users?Just because you try to do it ethically doesn't mean that it will be ethical. What's morally right to one is morally wrong to another because morality is merely a personal take of what ethicality is. That's a significant problem. I draw the line when it is lying or breaking of social contracts.That was a cute story about your boyfriend. Probably a good reminder for me too :')Could you elaborate on the two forms of disagreements you mentioned here? Examples would be great as well. I'm not sure if I'm able to tell them apart that well.I love psychology, psychiatry, philosophy, history (classical antiquity in particular) and military strategy. I enjoy reading (both fiction and non-fiction), learning languages, gaming/watching gaming videos, doing and watching MMA and collecting information (I horde information on Pocket and on my psychology-based blog).

Football as in soccer or football as in American hand-egg?Ooh cool! Hi :)

Interesting. Considering that my sister was also in law school here..."innocent"

.

.

.

.

Well. Looks like I am immediately disqualified. :PENTJs and INTPs are *shadow duals*. This means that our functions are in exactly the same order, but flipped in terms of extroversion and introversion.

Each type can use all 8 functions. They are ranked as such (with my type as an example): Te, Ni, Se, Fi, *Ti, Ne, Si, Fe*. The italicized functions are shadow functions, those we supposedly use unconsciously. Hence, shadow duals can supposedly appeal to the subconscious of each other, hence the attraction.

You can see me using "supposedly" multiple times because there are many theories on how people should pair, but they all claim that their pairing is the best and all the rest are crap/has some flaws. Essentially, socionics and the like seems to be quite biased as a whole. 

Regardless, it is people who make the relationship, not the type. That is what /u/justice4robots was trying to say, although he/she didn't really help.She just graduated too haha
Good luck with the grind! 

18 years old. A levels @.@Thanks :')

"The road is only going to get tougher" rip 

There were times where I would go to bed at 2-3am and wake up at 6am and my sister would still be there at her table in the same position studying. She is also an ENTJ.Thanks! Those lines are usually very blurred for me.Scientifically yes. There are case studies of people losing their memory completely and restarting their lives in a completely different manner. Moreover, although adult (mature) brains have less plasticity, the extent of plasticity is not one that is limited. Change just takes place slower, if it takes place at all. Psychology also has its theories, but empiricism trumps thought experiments.http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2016/01/mbti-and-the-enneagram-2/

Here's a survey with results and analysis.About type 8s, we tend to have people mistyping from counter phobic type 6, because the behavioural results can be similar. Type 8, 3 and 7 are gluttony types which feeds into the desire to consume and expand, which also can result in similar behaviour. Typing by behaviour is often inaccurate. Better typing methods should be by analysing intention, rather than the actions alone.

"especially by guys in their teens and 20s who want to "feel powerful", "be dominant", "be the boss" "

Those can be derived from type 8 basal fears of lack of control. I would disagree that such is necessarily a mistype. Personality can change, and people tend to mellow with age. That being said, dominance and aggressiveness was present even during my childhood, especially since the world rewards me for such behaviour. With the added testosterone, that intensified the gluttony edge to my personality. I personally have not had a recorded change in personality, only an increase in extroversion (similarly because I obtain rewards from the world for such behaviour).

My type: 8w7, 3w4, 7w8, Sx/So.Honestly, you are better off looking at Enneagram.

That being said, the inferior function would give you an idea of what each type desires. The inferior is often a powerful but primitive driving force. For example, my Fi drives me to work towards my life purposes and to seek justice and equality.Pretty sure this was ripped off from here: http://chalupacabras.tumblr.com/post/140457296449/the-types-deconstructedFi: To achieve purpose, fairness.

Te: To have their life in order.

Fe: To be liked.

Ti: To be accurate/right.

Se: To indulge in the world.

Ni: To have direction.

Si: To maintain traditions and achieve stability.

Ne: To explore the world.

This is a rough sketch of each inferior's desire. I'm no inferior function expert, so I can only vouch for my type's inferior. All these require a certain amount of safety and security to attain, that's why MBTI theory place the inferior as the final area of growth. Only when safety and security is achieved through our main functions or through others can we allow ourselves to develop the inferior.It depends. Is that truly your deepest desire?

For years, as a child, I desired success and money.
I realised that I wanted those because I wanted power and control over my life. Then I realised that I wanted those because I wanted to be able to *make change*. This led me to understand that my life is worthless unless I strive toward creating practically irreversible change in the world.Dom Si: http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/120443007842/how-functions-work-dominant-si-istjisfj

Tert Si: http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/133090287772/accurate-typing-tertiary-temptationMature ESTJ or IXTJ? Why even :'D 

(They don't strike me as bad girls at all. Not even badass, aside from ESTJ.)Not ENTJs :'(Lmao, it's because sensors are actually outside doing shit.I hate myself deeply and viciously, so that no one else can hate me worse than how I already hate myself. Life is dreadful and brutish, and at my current predicament, I cannot even pursue my purpose in life, which is crushing for me.

That being said, I understand my worth and what I have achieved. I understand my purpose. I have direction. That is essential, especially if you are lost. 

I do want someone who I can fully let my guard down with (it is immensely exhausting to constantly have to keep my guard up), who I can share my life with and to be able to be happy with. There's nothing I can do about that right now, especially when I've already been hurt and torn up.Well, considering that we have the same perspective of the issue... ;)Aww &lt;3

When we are tense though :PDer ubermensch  ^_^In that system, but not necessarily so in the external system. Mathematics often have too many assumptions for it to be applied simply to the world despite the accuracy of its equations. Language is merely a vessel within which we transmit thought processes inadequately.ENFP or INFP.

Clear preference for Ne-Si, distinct possibility of Fi-Te preference."overly pronounced Fi sensitivity or really shit Ne."

Very accurate. Shit Ne in particular @.@Bloody hell. I'd (feel great urges to) strangle my dad if he is like that. :')

You have the control, you do all the work. Assign him things you know you can force him into doing that he wouldn't screw up with. Do NOT wing it.

Tell him that you are choosing the route as of this moment, and if he wants to have some part in deciding, he has to do it now. Otherwise, he would have no say and would not be allowed to complain if things do not go his way because you would assume that he is fine with everything if he doesn't oppose it. Say you would compromise on some things, but not on the core of the matter - the need to ensure that the money you have left is sufficient to support everyone.

"having faith" is one of the most useless and worthless things a person can say or believe. It's basically a "eh, I don't care, it'd probably turn out OK anyway".I would say it is more of a case of mere human judgement without empirical benchmarks with MBTI. One is able, in Mathematics and science, to utilise a common benchmark beyond the relative and unique experiences of our personas. That does not exist for language or MBTI.The most efficient way to accomplish tasks is not always to do them yourself but to assign it to someone else to do :PIt isn't really. Language does not have common consensus based in physical reality. An orange is an orange only when science determines that it is of a certain species. Empiricism and Mathematics have common consensus in physical reality, but not language. Calling a colour blue is language, giving the colour code that creates the colour isn't.Try to clarify as much as possible in concrete terms as well as to have others share common experiences with me.Stats are great, but honestly a my way or the highway form of assertiveness is all that you need in this case.The profiles talk more about behavioural patterns than anything else, because they expect that you know your type already!

(Question is, how do you know that they are definitely mistypes?)I would agree in the way that languages are inherently patterns, which makes it enjoyable to learn multiple languages. I seek to learn the patterns in a way that I am most optimal in transmitting my message.Eh.

Behaving in an evil manner (cruel and destructive) is something that EXTJs should do unflinchingly well. INFJs can think in an evil manner, but they rarely act out their thoughts to their fullest extent.I never did claim that they are entirely different. That's a silly notion and is clearly a strawman.

Language isn't built on logic. If so, the English language would not be as idiosyncratic as it is. Rarely is there agreement upon a singular, quantifiable definition in language simply because it is impossible for it to occur.

Just because two different systems share similar concepts do not mean that they are the same.Just stating that it is a "ridiculous assumption" doesn't make it one.

You are indeed strawmanning: "but saying they're entirely different things is simply false."

I did not, at any point, make that claim.

"Just because two different systems share similar concepts do not mean that they are the same."

I'm simply stating this fact. I did not claim that you said it or contradict it. Neither is it a straw man nor is it a premise change. You are allowing your own emotions to run wild.

They are both man made systems. The key difference is that one has comparisons based in the physical reality and the other has comparisons based with the mental reality. Perception is skewed. The physical reality isn't. 20 degrees Celsius can be considered cold or hot relative to a person. An insult can be considered to be amusing or hurtful depending on the cognitive framework of a person.Consequences. Intention can enhance the severity, I presume, but someone who is unable to act is useless in terms of being evil.Lmao at how you feel the need to swear in an attempt to get your point across.

The crux of the matter is that language is to describe individual, unique experiences with the same word. "Orgasm" is used to describe every single person's feeling of it, which are all different and relative. Language is affected by the problem of mind body duality. Empiricism is not affected. It is based entirely on the physical reality. There isn't any disputes about how hot or cold something is. There is only an unchanging value allocated to it, based on the boiling and freezing points of water. Ideas, feelings and connections to other experiences taint the meaning of words. Essentially everyone is walking around with similar definitions of words, but modified with significantly unique and different personal experiences.

"if language wasn't tied to physical reality it would not be a communication tool." Another strawman. Obviously it has links to physical reality. The cognitive frameworks of personas are based on inter-action and inter-experience with the physical reality. It is however, not in any way, the physical reality as it is. If not, you would be capable of telling me exactly how many units of rage you feel when you had to concede that you were strawmanning. Or how many units of pleasure difference you feel from one orgasm as compared to another.

The difference between the grey zones are then that the grey zones in empiricism are yet to be quantified, while the grey zones in language cannot be quantified by language.

You didn't ask for evidence. You dismissed it outright because all you can think of is showing that your personal conception of physical reality is right. I don't care. What I care is about what is accurate, not your feelings or your ego.

A possessive is denoted with apostrophe "s". However, "its" is a possessive, but only in this particular case. Completely illogical. Clearly any person educated in English would comprehend that the language system contains idiosyncrasies.

"Solid fucking argument there, totally relevant."

It may not be relevant to the topic, but it is relevant to your poor behaviour in what is supposed to be an intellectual argument. Behaving like how petulant children behave when they don't get what they want is counter productive to how you analyse arguments logically. This results in you trying your best to strawman every single thing that you can find that I throw to you or whining like a child. This affects the intellectual rigour of the debate.Was he really?When is the data going to be out?"We could easily create a rage scale if we wanted to"

Well, wouldn't that be wonderful. If only we could create a universal scale within which any form of rage can be concretely communicated in measurable units. Too bad that any model created is useless in that respect. "Do you want to break something?", "Do you want to kill someone?", "Do you want to harm yourself?"  These are completely useless in that respect. Even if, in the tiniest of probabilities, such a scale is invented, it would be empiricism by definition, not language.

Paradoxes are limited by physical reality and are the possible limitations of empirical models which do not adequately utilise sufficient assumptions. Hence, better models can be discovered. Nothing to do with grey areas of language.

"And you're crying about misrepresentation?"

No. I am asking you to stop assuming you know everything there is to know about the world. You had not, in the process of this debate, provided any form of knowledge in terms of psychology or psychiatry. Basic education in those topics would sufficiently inform you that the ideas I have shared are easily found in the foundations of those fields of study.

"Keep manufacturing shit that isn't even relevant to the discussion."

Why? Finding it difficult to swallow your own emotions when it comes to having to be right all the time?

"The irony here is that mathematics is entirely built upon a fundamental concept of language; logic."

Accept that it isn't the fundamental concept of language. The fundamental concept of language is merely to transmit a rough expression of experience. It inherently has logical flaws. Neither did you give any evidence of the fundamental nature of logic in language. If language is fundamentally based on logic, there are no reasons for illogical language systems to exist, which can allow one to conclude that no language systems exist by your definition. Since they are inherently logical and yet are also allowed to have illogical idiosyncrasies, you have settled upon a contradiction. So, no. This isn't a strawman.

"Yeah I don't give a fuck how you want me to argue. You're the one who keeps derailing the discussion, stay on fucking topic."

It isn't how you argue, but the content of what you bring to the discussion, which is poor, considering your need to substantiate with swearing rather than more well thought out ideas.

"And maybe if you actually cared about straw men and rigorous discussion you wouldn't be derailing conversations, doing ad hominems and straw manning constantly yourself."

Unfortunately, that isn't an ad hominem. I did not claim your arguments are unsound based on your behaviour. I have not strawmanned nor was it constant, unless you consider zero to be "constantly". And you prove to be whining again.

"I have not tried to straw man you at any point, I did so once by mistake. I'm not the one derailing the conversation over and over, I'm just being an ass."

Well, intellectual indolence is a choice. I would say that your intentions were not malicious, but you choose, on multiple occasions, to let your emotions take control of you to accuse me of what I have not done. Hence, I would call you out for your poor behaviour, which you still consistently display. If you don't like to be called out for poor behaviour then don't behave poorly. There isn't room for emotions in a logical and factual debate, which amusingly, is precisely the division between language and empiricism that you refuse to recognise. Perhaps your failure to respect this distinction in this debate points to your refusal to accept the ambiguity and relative nature of language, with is brought about by the human condition."chemical balances"

Again comes the problem of mind body duality. There is no way to concretely quantify emotions universally. It's useless in *that respect* if you actually read the quantifier instead of shooting your mouth off.

The thing is, Mathematics and empiricism falls within the same category of being beyond the problem of mind body duality. The same cannot be said for language. 

"utilizing language to predict an outcome."

That has nothing to do with the subject.

"filled with logical concepts such as "then", "for", "is", "before", "after" etc. etc. and grammar utilizes a logical structure. Logic is derived from language and the same is true for mathematics,"

A logical structure with illogical idiosyncrasies. Another contradiction. And singular words are not "logical concepts". Concepts are ideas.

"same is true for mathematics, they're essentially nothing but simplifications of language."

Except you have given no proof of that.

"So mathematics isn't logical, nor is logic itself, because there are idiosyncratic paradoxes, right."

If you had read what I wrote, it is the fault of models developed in Mathematics with insufficient assumptions put in place. With proper assumptions in place, there would not be paradoxes.

"We aren't discussing psychological or psychiatric concepts you numbnut."

Except that we are. Language is studied in psychology and psychiatry, and the concepts I have shared you displayed no inkling of knowledge or comprehension. Moreover, calling me "numbnut" isn't ad hominem because you didn't claim that my argument is unsound based on my character. Similarly, my comments on your behaviour is NOT ad hominem. Check the definition, because you need a course in philosophy and quick.

"you did straw man"

And where's your proof of that?

"Aaaand I still don't give a shit about your debate ethics or what you think about me. You brought this upon yourself, you wanted to turn it into a pissing contest and you got one."

It isn't about debate ethics. It's about preventing people from making emotionally charged statements which skew the debate towards a "us-them" narrative instead of what is right or wrong. Such is what you are guilty of. You turned it into a pissing contest because you lost your cool first. I have no desire to piss on you, literally or figuratively xD, if you are unable to take constructive and polite criticism, and seek to make this an "I win you lose" game, I'm not interested in playing with little children. Simple as that. If you choose to give no respect to another person who is spending time working over concepts with you, as it is with any debate, I don't see why you deserve any time, effort or respect. If you only want to win, and not interested in what is right and wrong, then you can simply pay someone to constantly tell you that you are right.

You have yet to comment on the rest of my arguments. If you let them stand, I am assuming that you concede on those.IMO, the inferior Fi can justify just about anything, such as murdering half the world's population to save the other half, and dominant Te would actually try to carry it out. That's why I place EXTJs up top.Awesome! :)Mathematics lies outside mind body duality. It is essentially thinking about what is based in the physical reality in the first place. The concept of addition is based on putting singular items together. The concept of integration is to sum up the total area under a line or the volume formed by rotating a line around an axis. Complex numbers are the summation of real and imaginary numbers (root of negative one). Where do you find square roots, negatives and ones? They are all based in the physical reality.

"If you think empiricism, which directly relies on sensing experience, falls outside of standard philosophical mind body issues then you're utterly ignorant. "

I never claimed so.

"Again, you're the only one who thinks a logical system cannot have illogical idiosyncrasies, it's an utterly retarded argument. "

"retarded"

That is discriminatory. Similar to calling something "nigger" because it is inferior. Ironic too, considering that you cannot comprehend simple logic. 

P1. Systems which contain illogical content is not logical.

P2. System X contains illogical content (which you conceded).

C. System X is illogical.

If A has B, then A is C.

A has B.

Therefore A is C.

Simple enough?

"imaginary numbers, irrational numbers"

How are those illogical?

"cognitive linguistics."

And who studies cognition again?

"They're ad hominems, at least learn how to use google."

When you have to rely on internet dictionaries for your education in philosophy...

A fallacy is the wrongful dismissal of an argument. Which is what strawman, god of the gaps, ad hominem are. They are only fallacies when they are used to *dismiss an argument*.

"You continuously prove how ridiculously ignorant you are."

Claims the person who has absolutely no clue of basic philosophy, psychology or psychiatry.

""Singular words are not logical concepts", yes, they are."

And what proof do you have of that? Linkers are not logical concepts. The same can be said of language. A conduit within which expression of the psyche occurs is not a "logical concept". A paper bag which contains food isn't food. Mathematics is more of a representation of food, a cognitive shortcut to help expand thought within a limited neural processing capacity. The same can be said of empiricism.

"Linguists rarely employed formal semantics until Richard Montague showed how English (or any natural language) could be treated like a formal language.[2] His contribution to linguistic semantics, which is now known as Montague grammar, was the basis for further developments, like the categorial grammar of Bar-Hillel and colleagues, and the more recent type-logical semantics (or grammar) based on Lambek calculus."

And that is exactly how automatic translations can occur in programming. It doesn't change the illogical nature of language. It is simply coded into programming code as it is because of the ability of   current SSDs and HDDs to hold raw binary data and access it at rates never before achieved. However, language depends not only on common consensus, but also personal nuance. With accordance to information integration theory, current models of computing is simply incapable of achieving personal nuances, which Montague's system negates. Moreover, linguists would not want to claim that languages are so engaged with personal, presently unquantifiable if ever quantifiable nuances that language is different for every single unique mind-self, simply because what they are engaged in as of now is bringing in funding for their field. 

"I already pointed it out, I'm not going to repeat it just cause you scream no like a fucking baby."

Because I have already addressed said concern and refuted the claim of the presence of any strawman fallacies within my arguments. I pay attention to ensure that I speak carefully to avoid throwing out fallacies, unlike you.

"No, you turned it into a pissing contest by bitching about a straw man without even bothering to clarify your position. The only reason anyone ever does that in a discussion is because they're only interested in winning it and don't care about the discussion in and of itself. You turned it into a pissing contest the moment you went down that road."

I don't have to clarify my position. You have at least one functional eye, hopefully attached to something which provides you with a capacity to process cognitive frameworks and you seem to be literate. I presume that you are physically able to inform yourself by *simply reading the comments made in the past*. Those aren't unreasonable expectations. Can you prove that people *only* do that to win? I am pretty sure you cannot back up such an extreme claim. Those interested in intellectual rigour, those who want to push their students (if you receive education in philosophy, a good educator would probably be calling you out - note the difference in nuance. For a person who is so engaged with the defence of linguistics, you seem to have a poor grasp of how to wield it.) or those who simply want to make you work harder because of your poor behaviour.

"This coming from you is fucking laughable."

If that's the case, why are you so defensive about conceding? If there's nothing to concede, you should have nothing to worry about. Moreover, that slither of information about your internal insecurities seeping through into your Rodgerian image is amusing, especially since I am the one probing and that you responded so marvelously.Logic is a binary system. Claiming that something is "logical system" but conceding that it has illogical idiosyncrasies is clearly and ironically, illogical. This is vastly different from something that is built upon logic, which is a moving the goalposts fallacy. With regards to construction, the materials of a house is not binary in nature. However, it is completely possible to build a wooden house of wood alone. If my usage of logic to form sound arguments can prove that Mathematics is illogical, then it should not be a case of dismissing the argument, but critically examining it for fallacies or inaccuracies, beyond which Mathematics would then be solidly be proven to be illogical. Your behaviour can then be classified, as with most of what can be observed of your behaviour, is merely intellectual indolence. 

"They're not a part of the original system, they had to be introduced because the system was irrational until they were introduced. That is to say, the system was illogical before they were introduced, and this is still true for many other aspects of mathematics."

I have already addressed this. Lack of assumptions in place simply results in a system that is open instead of closed, resulting in what is perceived to be illogical initially, but logical after those areas are looked into. 

"You're retarded."

Ironic, considering that I am not the one making false claims and that such a person making said claim is assuming that the other 99% of people in the world with a lower IQ than myself would also be equally mentally lacklustre or worse - probably inclusive of you, considering the odds and your performance in this intellectual discussion.

"Attacking someone's character affects the perception of the argument regardless of whether it was made as a rebuttal of the argument or not."

Do you have definite proof of such a claim? Or do you have to retract your statement? Moreover, the only person communicating with someone like you on this thread is yours truly, and I have not utilised it in any way to dismiss any of your arguments. I don't care if you *feel* that way, it is of no concern to me.

"Any ranting of the person's character rather than addressing the argument itself is an ad hominem."

It may be an ad hominem by literal translation, but not an ad hominem fallacy. An ad hominem, by its own and without any links drawn to the argument at hand, is merely an insult, not a fallacy.

"Definition in and of itself is a logical concept."

By your definition then, every single thing that is ever processed in every single unique persona and minds of every single living organism that ever existed that ever possessed the capability of cognition would be logical concepts. Do you have proof that such a definition is legitimate?

"Already went over this, a system being based on logic does not necessitate that all of the system is logical"

More evidence of the goalposts shift fallacy - a "logical system" as per your claim does not equate to a system which is based on *some* logic. A system based on logic is a system entirely based on logic, which equates to the term "logical system". Such errors occur when you fail to include nuances, which results in you claiming way more than you intend to. Ironic too, for someone who tries to defend linguistics.

"You cannot have a system rely on sensory experience and be outside of the mind body duality. Your sensory experience is provably so registered physically."

Do you have proof for such a claim? You can interact with your own persona, beyond mere external intervention, which is typically the basis for personality disorders (usually provided with a trigger externally, and an internal autoimmune-esque destruction of persona from within). The system of measurement exists externally. Empiricism and Mathematics have the basis of their systems held externally, with thought experiments built *solely* on external scales of measurement being made possible. Linguistics struggle with the mind body duality problem because language tries to encapsulate what occurs solely within the persona on top of what is externally observed.

"never find philosophers discussing topics with one another call out logical fallacies"

I wouldn't claim that such things never happen. Do you have proof of such an extreme claim? You don't notice philosophers doing such things usually because they typically don't make such glaring errors. Moreover, while the field of philosophy does *try* to give the benefit of the doubt, critical analysis and breakdown of arguments do try to pull out fallacies, if any.

"most certainly not call out a straw man without clarifying what their actual position is. "

I sincerely doubt your ability to provide proof for such an extreme claim. Moreover, it is up to the discretion of the other party if they would like to "clarify their position" whatever that may be. An example of a reasonable clarification is by party A stating that the subject matter is say, apples, and party B asking "what kind of apples, green or red". Party A can then respond by saying "red", or "both kinds". What you seem to desire of me is to repeat what I have already said, instead about clarifying about the details of what I have said. That I don't see why I have to comply to. You can simply refer to the comment thread.

"You've made it obvious time and time again throughout this conversation why you did it."

You cannot, however, claim with absolute certainty, that your personal and biased perception of the matter is definitely true and apply it into an argument as such. You simply have insufficient proof to back up such a claim.

"The processes are analyzed from different perspectives within different contexts, notably in the fields of linguistics, anesthesia, neuroscience, psychiatry, psychology, education, philosophy, anthropology, biology, systemics, logic, and computer science."

Exactly. So why is it that you think you can merely rely on a basic knowledge of linguistics to bring you through this argument which spans across all the fields mentioned above? Let me remind you of your own claims: "Language is the field of linguistics and cognitive linguistics." and "We aren't discussing psychological or psychiatric concepts you numbnut." Except that you don't have a choice, considering the topic you chose to dabble in. Seeing how I guided and probed you into slowly providing me with evidence to refute your own statement is just simply priceless. Am I toying with your inabilities? Perhaps so, at least to a certain extent, I would presume that of someone behaving in such a manner. I wouldn't, however, dismiss arguments simply out of personal discretions, unlike the behaviour you have displayed so far.7s prefer to avoid their fears and anxieties by constantly moving, doing things or *consuming* higher intensity activities, food, etc. to prevent themselves from dwelling on them. 

~8w7, 3w4, 7w8, Sx/So94%

As somewhat of a veteran of IQ tests (my country does a lot of testing), this is far from accurate. IQ quizzes require a variety of questions, first of all. My personal preference is pattern observation, where there are 2x2-1, 3x3-1, 4x4-1, etc. boxes with different figures and you are supposed to guess what the last box is. Other people have different preferences, such as language games (If A is to B, and C is to D, then E is to (?) kind of puzzles). I presume people perform better at what they prefer to do because they fatigue less quickly. Moreover, there must be controlled time limits and controlled usage of aids (such as calculators, etc.). Lastly, a barrage of questions are required, not only 15. The lesser questions you have, the harder it is to get accurate results, with much greater room for error.

As a child, my country had standardized testing of IQ (edit: they still do). Since I am in the top 1% in terms of IQ, people like me are herded into a programme where the education system is modified. Of course there are people I know of who were trained by their parents with IQ drills and practices, so one would question the true validity of a standard test for everyone regardless of resources.

This endeavour, while well-intentioned, perhaps, is likely to have an over representation of "high IQ" people. Firstly, there are social rewards and punishment for "high" and "low" scores respectively. Secondly, the people interested in this are more likely to be people of higher IQ (again because of the social rewards present in the real world). Moreover, it is probably easy (?) to score well for this, considering that you can score well even if you are only capable of answering a few questions. Lastly, there are always opportunities to cheat or make your life easier (aka, your brain doesn't work as hard because something else works for you instead) when the test is simply unmoderated.Considering you have a pretty wholesome experience of my writing style ;) ...

I wonder if you are capable of typing me just based on that.

If not,

1. Generally structured. Looks firstly at purpose and intention in analysis, followed by the impacts on physical reality. Planning and crafting steps within which I can achieve my purpose in life is a consistent endeavour. It is easy to annoy me, but difficult to make me really angry. Even if I am annoyed or angry, there is a consistent, rational part of my mind which directs the anger through action. Anyone who dares to transgress against me would be punished, either in the present or the future, mainly via social means, if I am not furnished with sufficient reasons to forgive. I can be merciful, but I am not forgiving, especially to those who turn their backs on me and my foes.

2. It depends, really. Anything from comfort food to delicacies, since I have a large appetite. Delicious ideas and plans in general. I love consuming knowledge and information, particularly information which I can utilise as tools to achieve my goals. Inspiring and bringing about change excites me. Learning new languages excite me. Learning new MMA moves excite me. Opportunities excite me. Too many things excite me, I presume.Seems to me like more of a "how to" guide to basic leadership and group management TBH.I am willing to do *absolutely anything* to accomplish what I demand of myself. Even if a significant group of people must suffer or die for it, even if I must do it with my bare hands, even if I am the only one benefiting from it. Essentially, I can out-monster just about any monster.Socionics, MBTI, etc. are supposed to be used so that you can *better appreciate and better work with* other people. Not for you to find reasons to dislike people (yes, Socionics is biased and all, but you don't have to follow said biases).

Si: Calm and steady, enjoys/lives in the little facets of the present. Usually lower motivations for change and poor risk appetite. 

Ne: Typically more creative, with out of the box thinking. Lower ability to function within timelines and standards, as well as to make decisions.

Se: Good risk appetite and ability to enjoy the present moment as a whole. Lower abilities to consider future impacts and risk management.

Ni: Typically more creative through implementing similar ideas in new situations and good with future based decision making. Decent risk appetite with poor motivation for change (before Ni users get triggered, note that Ni tries to create the perfect moment to strike, but that almost never occurs because one must create the best moment).

There. I gave you reasons to like and dislike different types.I would concur. That being said, this can be applied by other functions to similarly good effects. Fe doing similar tasks in their unique way using this method comes to mind.Very well done, I must say, especially if you relied solely on this data and what had been discussed prior to this.

The usage of Se I have is primarily in its unhealthy form. I binge when I am unhappy or distressed, which is the 7 influence you don't see here. I struggle to live in the present moment and I am constantly dissatisfied. I have planned my life out to the point of death, with alternatives in mind so I don't kill myself achieving a narrow purpose. The dom-inf perspective is significantly important - my inferior is manifested in a very crude but powerful form. "Anyone who dares to transgress against me would be punished" This was the hint. It can, of course, manifest in healthier ways. For example, I would be starting my own non-profit to promote awareness for mental health issues in a few months time with a team that I have personally gathered, simply because it factors into my life's purpose. That, to me, screams out my inferior Fi. Moreover, I find that Fi users (as 1st or 2nd), tend to be more compromising. I am quite demanding and inconsiderate to the feelings of others as a general rule of thumb, especially so during work, unless there are specific situations that require kindness (I'll support people who are bullied and I would bully bullies, comfort people if they are crying or hurt, etc.). I am not a popular person at all, even if I am a social butterfly. Moreover, I speak in a completely different manner when I require things to be done, especially in a short time frame. Get everyone to shut up and I would assign the man power to the roles they are best suited to and get them to move their arse and pull their weight. I am only a social butterfly for the benefits, not because I enjoy it at all. To me, it has little emotional fulfillment.

Tritype wise, if you dabble in it, I'm 8w7, 3w4, 7w8, Sx/So. Definitely spot on with regards to 3 influence, although I am not particularly sure where you got the initial type 3 impression from. I definitely do roll in the mud, especially with people who are underhanded (aka playing dirty). By them breaking social contracts, I presume that I am no longer bound by the typical social contracts, allowing me to be as cruel or dirty as it is required of me :'). For example, there was a friend who pushed me into the school pond once, when I was 6/7. I received no compensation or apology, so I got 17 of my boys to beat him up while I watched for five days in a row, when no authority was present. I left him alone afterwards because I deemed the punishment sufficient. It isn't something I'm proud or ashamed of, I simply treat it as just a segment of my life experiences.Can you tell the difference between him and Donald Trump?

My personal observation of Trump is that he is an ENTJ. That he can trick people like Dan Pena into liking him is amusing. He is selling an image to a particular group of people - you can tell from the extent of his campaign - how he probes and tailors the image he projects to suit the kind of popularity he desires. He acts like the monkey people want but not they need. You can see him slowly adjusting his image after winning the Republican nomination. Amusing as an external observer to notice, not so funny for Americans, I would suppose.

Dan Pera speaks in this way to *everyone*. I maneuver and manage how I show different parts of my persona to probe and get different responses from different people for different purposes. If you were speaking to someone like Dan Pena, you probably wouldn't have been toyed with. Someone like him would just try to rip your throat out. I don't care if I rip your throat out - the only reason I dwelled within that conversation was for entertainment and that I typically don't ignore people who are legitimately not joking around or taking the piss (I consider such behaviour to be rude). So even if I didn't feel like responding, I would, because I seek to treat everyone fairly.

Someone like Dan Pena is not one for maneuvering. Only fools rush in, and I would dare dare say that one would probably find hundreds of people like Dan Pena who are dead, in jail or are deadbeat losers for one Dan Pena who succeeds. Granted, he is likely to get the biggest share of the pie, but he is also the most likely to get his throat ripped out by people like him. I'd rather wait for people like him to fight it out first and I would go in for the scraps, where I am more likely to achieve my purpose than to die without achieving anything at all. The probability of achieving success as Dan Pena is extremely low, even if the successful individuals are extremely successful. People negate the fact that he is probably more intelligent, more capable and luckier than most of the "alphas" like him. I use inverted commas because most "alphas" aren't what they proclaim themselves to be. Alphas don't need to yell, shout or do silly things to "prove" that they are Alphas. People treat Alphas like so because they have no choice or because they gravitate towards them.

Is he an Alpha? Perhaps. But I would say that it is due to his money and success, not really his personality. He is merely excessively noisy amidst a world that wants to shush people, making him seem to be more unique than he actually is. It's easy to bait fake alphas and make them slip up. That's how Trump attracts most of his male ardent supporters, I believe. He simply throws out so much attraction for fake alphas.He also assumes that the best strategy is to rush in headlong into everything, and to simply adapt to the situation along the way. The vast majority of people with the same strategy fail outright. I have already stated that he is probably more intelligent, more capable and luckier than most. I throw myself into the fire to forge myself into steel, but I don't constantly jump into the depths of the unknown to prove something or as a way to live life. Yes, one should live life dangerously - build your houses on the slopes of Mount Vesuvius, but not put one's life at stake for the sake of your image or for a mere idea. I willingly gamble my life for the possibility of success, but I feel little urge to throw my life away casually. His behaviour has little consideration for the law - instead of dancing in the grey, he can blatantly offend it - like how he left the meal to be paid by the people he gave a bollocking to. That can amount to legal trouble if those people would like to pursue it. He is simply rich enough to insure himself from such troubles, but someone behaving similarly, but in a less well off situation could be in trouble. When I seek to punish, I ensure that it is done in a way where I play with loopholes in the law, or that insufficient evidence would ever be found of the crimes that I might commit to find me guilty.

Dan Pena's strategy is to overwhelm and be the first mover, where the market conditions are harsh, but more forgiving of mistakes. This is merely Schwerpunktprinzip, or gravity principle, as German Blitzkrieg strategy outlines tank warfare to be. The most efficient form of attack is not to destroy an opponent in battle, but to break and overwhelm them and taking advantage of the ensuing chaos to consume their broken positions. The best way of countering such an offensive is merely to pause and hold reserves. Let the enemy charge recklessly in and simply cut of their retreat, forming a pocket as you collapse in on their flanks, like Hannibal in Cannae. Ensure that the blunders made by charging recklessly in is paid dearly for. Typically, no one does this for Dan Pena, simply because of the inherent power he already holds, thus making cooperation far more beneficial than direct opposition.

I do, however, live closely by Schwerpunktprinzip. I am thus a lot more conservative with the mistakes that I am willing to make. I prefer to disrupt already stabilised situations with new ideas which were already successful in other fields and utilise the same model in a context where people have not thought of doing so before, and to plan extensively prior to implementation. Upon implementation, action is swift to crush opposition. I didn't have 17 boys in the past before the pond incident. I merely recruited more and waited for the perfect time of the school days to strike, ensuring he had no way of *proving* that I did anything. That's why Dan Pena sat in jail in his younger days. I don't intend to contend with that. I ensure people don't have a hold on me to force me into submission.

As for Trump, only he would truly know what his intentions are. I too, am a creature of chaos like him, but in carefully tailored bursts as smoke and mirrors. A significant part of the American public showed the world that they wanted a troll, Trump simply provided.Unless you never can get back up. If Dan Pena accidentally went to the extent where he murdered someone outright, he wouldn't have just been in jail for a few days. The vast majority of people can't get back up from those kinds of dangers, not because they don't want to but because they cannot physically do it. There are many ways where you can fail and never get back up. This is different from something like becoming bankrupt. I am so, so young that going bankrupt multiple times has little real impact on me. *Failure is only progress if what you learn from it outweighs the cost.* Failure while assuming success can be achieved through that is romanticism and utter stupidity. You have little nuance in what you proclaim, which is the painfully obvious reason why you struggle intellectually. Dan Pena is merely one of the very few ESFPs (if he actually is one) who are multimillionaires. The field of the rich is vastly dominated by other types who can see through the easily telegraphed moves of people like Dan Pena. Let him swing his heavy right hand wildly, simply slip out of the way and deliver a swift hook to his jaw. As long as you stand and bang, there are always significant opportunities to get knocked out. Abuse maneuverability when people charge linearly. The blustering and broad moves of Dan Pena doesn't shock or surprise me. What he says and does are so predictable, but what he shares is so useless technically. If this is the power of the dominant Se-Ni axis, I'd rather have the nuance of auxiliary Ni-Se. His rags to riches story is impressive and deserving of respect, but that is all.Fear is an illusion, but danger is real. The point is to acknowledge the fear to understand the danger, if present, not charge blindly into everything you fear thinking that would fix the problem. The problem is not fear, but allow it to unfairly skew your perception of reality, thus affecting rational processing.

You really do have no clue what survivourship bias do you? It's all good, I don't see you succeeding with your level of ability or capacity any time soon. I expect to succeed, not jump into a void expecting to survive. One less competitor is one less person I have to dominate, destroy or subjugate.Fuck the clique/squad shit. There will honestly not be a group of people who would be exactly like you who would think and feel exactly the same way as you. There will always be people who would treat you worse than how they would treat others, and there isn't really much that you can do about that. Just make sure you don't get backstabbed by people, and honestly, the situation that you are in can be absolutely  more dreadful than what it is right now. As you progress along with life, I presume that you would get lonelier and lonelier as you see your friends slowly drop off and lose contact. That happens for *everyone*. No one's squad lasts forever either. People grow, mature and grow out of each other and there isn't much holding friendships together, if you think about it. They are only simply valuable emotionally or materially for that moment. A moment later, they can easily be gone or insufficiently satisfying that you would spend time with them."from a human perspective fear is very real."

Well, then it is a wrong perspective.

"Fear is very rarely connected to any real danger, it's irrational and based on complexes."

This is how other people who are conversing with you can tell that you are merely smoking (or bullshitting/talking out of your arse). A lot of smoke, very little actual fact or content.

"And nobody is telling you to charge blindly into it without considering the consequences, you're just too thick to interpret things in the appropriate context. "

Accept that there is absolutely no nuance in the things you proclaim, making them nonsensical. "Eat every banana you see, no matter what!" is vastly different from a claim like this "Eat every good banana that you see, but ensure that eating the good bananas would not cause you to lose your ability to procure more good bananas in the future." In the first, there is an implicit claim that if the situation comes up, you *must* continue eating until you die of stomach lesions. It's exactly the stupidity in your claims that I am pointing out to you that you are spotting."You're a human, denying your nature is naive and dysfunctional. The more you think you're capable of perfectly rational decisions the less rational your system becomes. Closing your eyes and screaming like a little baby does not remove your flaws and limitations, a system ignoring those flaws and limitations is naive."

Then you agree with me. I have already stated that one should acknowledge fear, but objectively question danger. One should constantly question and analyse without emotion, relying on empirical fact for proof instead of speaking based on whatever you feel is right, which you do too much of.

"For whatever reason you're projecting Dan Pena's words onto me, I've never said anything along those lines."

In your own words: "To me what you're saying just sounds like fear of failure, failure is nothing, failure is progress. If you aren't willing to fuck up, get beat down and crawl your way back up again then you were never really trying to get anywhere in the first place."

"Secondly you're utterly incapable of putting even simple things into proper context. "Just fucking do it!", oh right so if you feel like jumping out the window just because you're curious about what the fall feels like I should obviously do it, right? "

Except that people use it in the expectation that it is only utilised emotionally. The difference here is that this is not a motivational speech. Good motivational speeches are meant to be romanticised and generally not proven by fact but only by emotion. This, however, isn't a motivational speech. This is a logical discussion. Therefore, in your own words, "your inability to put things into context is your problem." It is really just like deja vu isn't it, the way you disprove yourself?

""Just fucking do it!", oh right so if you feel like jumping out the window just because you're curious about what the fall feels like I should obviously do it, right?"

If that's truly what you desire in life, then do it."attempt to be completely rational and objective you will fail"

It depends, really. A decision on what to eat may be affected by emotions, but that's of little bearing in the grand scheme of things. Having a thought experiment to understand special relativity probably isn't affected by emotion. Emotions do not factor in for decisions made by the ventromedial prefrontal cortex. Scientifically, your statement is inaccurate.

"No it's not"

Then it is merely a discussion, not your personal venting pad for your insecurities.

"I'm just responding cause I'm a last worder."

Let's see how much you are willing to take to fulfill that desire."emotions absolutely factor in decisions made by the ventromedial prefrontal cortex."

Unless you consider logical processing emotion, you have given no proof that emotions do factor in. 

"You wouldn't be interested in understanding special relativity without emotions."

Incorrect. That's the difference - there are people who do not need to utilise emotions every time they want to decide on what they would like to do, unlike you. There is a vast quantity of reasons for why one would carry out a thought experiment on special relativity that one can fully rely upon, such as it being a necessary topic to study in one's curriculum."I'd assume you're capable of using google, google it."

I'm not the one with the burden of proof on me.

"utilizing them and them having a consistent skew of your judgement/perception are two completely separate claims."

They are one and the same. You are simply claiming that subconsciously, all decision making processes utilise emotions, as if you are trying to talk about Id and superego pulls factor in to every single decision made based on the Freudian model of the psyche. That is inaccurate, and you agreed with that as well.

If A and B, then C.

A and B.

Therefore C.

Or,

B is the result of A.

C is the result of B.

Therefore, C is the result of A.

Therefore, implicitly, C is NOT always a result of A, unless proven so, but A can result in C."It's utterly irrelevant to my claim whether emotions affect decisions made by the ventromedial prefrontal cortex or not."

Yes it is. The ventromedial prefrontal cortex is one of a few parts of the brain utilised in making decisions. Hence, scientifically, your argument is inaccurate.

"utilizing them and them having a consistent skew of your judgement/perception are two completely separate claims. "

That is your claim right there. It is exactly "You are simply claiming that subconsciously, all decision making processes utilise emotions". "Skew" is simply subconscious manipulation on decisions."You can continue spewing your garbage all you want, you're utterly ignorant on the matter."

"No, it's still not, you can repeat it a hundred times and it still doesn't make it true."

Just stating without proof or logic equates to complete unsubstantiation. It's akin to saying "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't"; "No it isn't". It is essentially useless, like you."How do you make decision without preferences? How do you have preferences without emotions? What makes you prefer one thing over another? "

It depends. If it is say, colour, it is by purely the subconscious and conscious desires built upon by 
experiences of the person. If it is to say, something that involves a comparison between two different products from a similar category, say a comparison between food products of chocolate or cake, there would be a balance between logic and preference - if there is an inherent, subconscious or conscious desire or a slant as you call it favouring chocolate over cake, you might not necessarily go for the cheapest unit of food product. If it is to say, however, that the decision between products is one that is made in homogeneous markets, such as internet subscriptions, for example. It is inherently a homogeneous product by itself without additional frills and non-real product differentiation (things that attempt to move consumers away from the understanding of the homogeneous nature of the product to build consumer loyalty and thus greater stranglehold on the market). If two similar companies were to offer the same mobile package, but at different prices, the simple logical decision is to choose the optimal pricing. You can possibly argue that saving money is a desire, but that comes down to individuals. The most optimal way of spending can be as a result of purely logical motivations. Moreover, you can scrutinise decisions at the micro level - why do you decide that the numeral 2 is the answer to "1+1=?"? Simply because your mind is utilising purely logical conjecture to come to a conclusion that the answer is as such. That is a decision. 

"In order for one thing to weigh over another you need preferences, in order for you to have preferences you need emotions."

Is 2 better than 3? Or is "toilet" better than "white"? There aren't preferences in all decisions - basic, simple questions asking for concrete answers "1+2=?" or "Jack has a stomachache and he would like to use (blank)." would simply be answered by the conclusion of logical processes, devoid of desire. 

"It's quite ironic how you bicker about logic and evidence when you're utterly incapable of providing any yourself. "

I have provided evidence for my claims. Such is the scientific consensus that "the ventromedial prefrontal cortex is one of a few parts of the brain utilised in making decisions", as per my previous statement. You claimed that the evidence was incorrect, without any justification, because it did not go along with your argument. You are merely cherry picking the reality that you would like to include into your worldview, which is why you struggle to be nuanced and purely logical in analysis.

Your complete inability to provide evidence residing in the physical reality, such as basic physiological functionality of specific parts of the brain, basic understanding of psychology or psychiatry and basic philosophical inability to render arguments into logical discourse (If A, then B. A. Therefore, B. This is yet another example of purely logical decisions.) merely precipitates an understanding of your lack of understanding."Again, I have not claimed that every decision making process utilizes emotions, this is your absurd interpretation that you latch onto."

"How do you make decision without preferences? How do you have preferences without emotions? What makes you prefer one thing over another? "

Your original claim disputes your claim now. Significant goal post shift due to lack of nuancing, resulting in sweeping, arbitrary statements made in a non-factual manner. Since your original statement was that decisions must utilise emotions, I am only required to provide logic, evidence or both, that decisions can be made without emotions. I simply explained how decisions can be made without preferences and thus emotions. You then proceed to refute all of your original outrageous and nonsensical claims by claiming now that I do not comprehend the "context" of the discussion, of which there is none except for what the physical reality is.

"Go read some neuroscience papers on the subject, here's a short summary of some studies"

A "short summary". How quaint. Unfortunately, that is of little scientific value to the argument, especially considering that it is a discussion of whether having no emotions is a "good" thing (good is relative to the author) with regards to decision making in life. I never did disagree with that, and this is merely another goal post shift with accordance to what is already said above.

"Take chess players as an example, they usually "know which move to make" almost immediately, or in studying the board the move to make suddenly just hits them. In classical time control they will then spend tens of minutes accurately calculating their decision, making sure it's the correct one, that is tens of minutes calculating the most reasonable variations of one line. "

This is merely the piecing together of different packets of pre-processed moves through analysis of past games. A set problem is merely tagged to a certain set of moves and chess players utilise this quicker and more energy-efficient model of cognitive processing to play competitively. The subconscious merely prompts the consciousness. Just because one would utilise language to describe this as "I feel that this is the answer" doesn't equate to the situation where emotions are involved to make the decision. An equal replacement to that can simply be "I *think* that this is the answer". This merely substantiates the information integration theory and how the human brain can work in non-linear recall methods to use less energy but be faster in processing than computers, and not how emotions must be utilised in all decisions, which was your original claim.I wonder why you have ENTJx ENTJ as a third pick of the EJ bunch. Seems like a more favourable pick than ENTJxESTJ.She-wolves...mmm

Not bad at all :PInteresting. Thank you for the information. I have been led to understand that ENTJs and ESTJs would butt heads, for some reason."may or may not end up living in filth"

Sounds like me alright :')Your claim: "in your attempt to be completely rational and objective you will fail"

Your new claim: "I have not claimed that every decision making process utilizes emotions"

Simply put, I am refuting your original claim by stating that there are scenarios that one can be completely rational and objective. Hence the statements of decision making processes that can occur without emotion as proof. Essentially, you disproved your own claim by conceding on that point.

"And again you can't even comprehend the argument and respond with something completely irrelevant. You haven't responded to a single part of the actual argument."

It is merely a failure on your part to understand the premises of my statements. I am showing how the human mind is capable of processing non-linear situations more efficiently than binary brute force, hence not requiring the same processing power for non-linear tasks, as per the integrated information theory. Menial, linear and tedious tasks are where computers have an edge over humans, such as calculation, which can be a task done in a completely logical manner, devoid of emotions. It isn't necessary to utilise emotions to derive what 1+1 is. Your argument is that one cannot quantify every single thing in life, but that is insufficient proof in substantiating your claim that one would necessarily fail with attempts at complete rationality and objectivity. You are merely substantiating the claim that it is impossible to be completely rational and objective throughout one's entire lifetime of decision making, which is an entirely different argument. You are then essentially conceding that it is possible to succeed at some attempts of people to be completely rational and objective in certain scenarios, thus arriving at a full circle and refuting your own argument.Sounds like you're an ISFJ:

Firstly, it seems like you are introverted: "I get really quiet around a lot of people, and it feels like those situations drain my energy very much, even if I'm not talking to anyone. However, in one-on-one conversations I get very talkative, especially if I like the person I'm talking to, and I become energetic after having them. "

Secondly, you seem to use Fe-Ti: ""become" the person that other people "need"", "I can be seen as cold and uncaring, and boring", "I talk about it with my mother even if I can see that she doesn't really care much"

Lastly, you seem to use Si-Ne: "wear pretty much the same clothes everyday", "if someone falls on ice or says something wrong, I always get a big smile on my face that I can't hide".

Si users tend to correlate positively with type 6s and 9s. Fe users can correlate with type 9s.

Feel free to contact me if you feel like you need someone to talk to or additional help.

Edit: Please don't get caught up with MBTI stereotypes, they are more harmful than anything if you are struggling with typing yourself.Sure thing :)

An EXFJ, for example, has this to a greater extent. They would smother you with care, until a point, where they can turn around and be one of the coldest, cruelest people. That's the extremity of the dominant-inferior function axis. Your Fe-Ti is more tempered, and those functions are used to supplement your dominant and inferior. 

It's really alright :'D. Stereotypes merely stem from the very natural human tendency to simplfy more complex ideas into simple ones. To get around this, look out and read for yourself about what your type *really* is, **not what other people think and say it is**. Moreover, be sure to try and take a rational, preferably without personal emotion in your analysis. There isn't any rush in doing this - relax and take your time. Damn, you beat me to it :'DFunctions work on an axis, not by themselves.Hmm...
Is it bad that I like being tricky and indirect sometimes? :PNah, I'm not offended :D
It's just interesting how different we are, I guess. I don't immediately know, understand or even feel *anything* in reaction to any event. Even if I do feel anything, I usually feel anger as my primary emotional reaction to negative events, when I'm usually supposed to feel fear, hurt or anxiety. I find that I only realise I feel hurt days or weeks later, if I actually do.

I also find that maintaining a front is quite important to me sometimes. I have a very hard time trusting people in general.&gt; They just have a sort of pettiness that makes me think "You really ought to not take moral obligation for anything"

Yeah, but we typically don't have very high standards of morality, so when even that is crossed, we tend to be quite vengeful.Problem is, I don't see many INTPs actually confronting people *physically* and trying to work things out, even when they need to.To me, that axis is already pretty obvious, so discussion isn't really that necessary. There's a reason why I stated only the function axis of Ni-Se and Si-Ne. =.=ENTJ, not married.

Never really thought about it, but preferably platinum.

Preferably a big one not in a church/religious place. Don't really care that much about how it'll be like though. Eloping is also an option :P

Yes. I would like my own family.&gt; wanted to elope but because of our families couldn't.

That's kinda the point of eloping though :'D&gt; basically ruins the thing I want to achieve

How does that ruin it?All other factors held constant, of course. That's an empirical comparison (of an unempirical test) for you.&gt; idea of Se feeding into Ni

Where do you get that from anyway? The axis functions moderate the response from each function. Ni doesn't "extract" from Ne. This is MBTI. I'm not even so sure that Socionics supports that statement. Each function does NOT operate completely independently from each other in a healthy individual. Even as a dominant Te user, a lot of my underlying motivations stem from Fi.ENTJ.

It depends on your definition of closure. As long as I was treated fairly, then I am fine. If not, you'd be better off not turning your back on me, because you might get a knife stuck in it.Sounds like you are an INTP.

You are comparing on the Fi-Te vs Fe-Ti asis. I would say the Fe-Ti axis stands out more here - "go with the flow, silly". The Fi-Te just doesn't seem to be there in your description at all.Sure thing. Glad that it helped :)&gt; conflict would always be chosen to be avoided

At the cost of what? Not all conflicts can be or should be avoided! "always" is a very questionable choice of words.
The XNTJ one is just dumb.&gt; ENTJs would likely opt for route two

A simple IOU system can just be used? I don't see the problem here. It's a usual occurrence in barter trading. Or currency could be used. Like you give the man a few shells and he gives you his goat.

Aaaand this isn't really a conflict per se.

&gt;play by their rules

What rules? The sooner you realise that life is a war the better - in love and in war, all's fair.Seems like an odd thing to have such a cheery tone about :'D&gt; Fi makes you nice to yourself

Not really though lol

Fi, to me, is something of an internal moral compass providing *constancy*. The lack of this on the Fe-Ti side is really usually what rustles my jimmies when my jimmies get rustled by people using Fe-Ti. I'd say I treat everyone by the same rules (my rules), including myself.

&gt; To top it off, reality turns to fucking ash in my mouth. 

My best advice would just to look at things **as it is**, not what people say it is. Society has this tendency to toss some things under the carpet while placing other things on a pedestal, because most people only want to be comfortable and not have to think so much.She's (Heidi/author of this shit post) usually alright though :'DI thought this was satire for a moment. The disappointment is real.

FUNCTIONS MY DEAR, FUNCTIONS! USE THEM, FOR FUCK'S SAKE!NO THANKS.NOPE. &gt; you're obeying my orders

COOL STORY MATE. AIN'T SEEING ANY ORDERS. I DON'T MIND THAT MY DESIRES SHOULD CONFLATE WITH YOURS.That can easily be an Fi thing.HAHA turns out trust issues aren't just a result of your personality type, but I'd humour you by saying that I have a high bar for what loyalty is.More like they are unwilling.It depends on the person and their relative importance.The difference is that competence is not a choice.When did I say that?&gt; I also would like to test the boundaries of your Fi

I would say that such an act is not advisable, but you do you :'DYummy. Nothing like a good, cold dish of revenge :P

On a side note, do you extract revenge disproportionately or proportionately?Well then, Socionics isn't MBTI, isn't it? I personally find Socionics even more questionable than MBTI.It depends on what your definition of loyalty over themselves is.Considering that the Myers and Briggs foundation approves of it, I would say that it is MBTI.Not necessarily so. It is inherently silly and impractical to suggest that a higher loyalty can only be achieved by acting to further one's interests, considering that such is a perpetual process. I'm afraid not haha
I do know that it's some dude with a notebook he can write people's names in to kill them, but that's all.That's interesting. I usually go for disproportionate treatment to condition people into not repeating their actions.http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/understanding-mbti-type-dynamics/

You fucking idiot.One is inconsistent about their stand (double moralism) and the other is overly entitled.But I speak differently with different people, in different scenarios and different contexts.Fe is the first and Fi is the second.Guilty as charged :PI have watched the first 5 episodes. Light is an ENTJ, INTJs don't really act like that. He is more of a Neutral (?) Good, I'm more of a Chaotic Neutral. The anime went to the extreme with the self-proclaimed "god" thing though. I wouldn't use the book in the way he did, but I would definitely use it to my advantage and use it to punish. Most people fear death, which gives the bearer of the ability to cause it immense power. I would like to have that power, if I could. There were people in the comment section who disliked how he killed the FBI agents, but that was necessary. They would have done the same if necessary. Attacking preemptively removes threats permanently and keeps people on their toes. After all, the best form of defense is attack.It's all really just about risk management, which is why I never pose as a threat unless it is necessary.That depends on who you ask.And yet it is people that make one matter. Lives do not have inherent value just because they are lives. So yes, it does remove the point of the question.ENTJ - there are people who claim that he is an INTP, but this is merely an image he uses to his advantage.

"If I'd had some set idea of a finish line, don't you think I would have crossed it years ago?"
- This is my favourite one. I personally dislike having set finish lines - they make you lose your hunger and your edge.

"Treatment without prevention is simply unsustainable."

"We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten. Don't let yourself be lulled into inaction."Nope. Everything would be useless. Considering that I deem human lives useless in general (no significant inherent value), I would deem the rest in the same manner.

Yes. Nothingness is scary to many, so many try to explain it away with bullshit. What can matter is what is alive. Dead men tell no tales, and they can't do anything either. Only the living can act. Hence, if one seeks to be immortal and yet live the normal lifespan of a human, one only needs to get generation after generation of humans to do one's will. Immortal in ideas and memories.As I have already said, people.Other people don't necessarily matter to me. I have already said that. I would murder if that is necessary.Haha. No. Make yourself matter.What the fuck? This is a joke, right?Just because something is subjective doesn't mean it is worthless.

Not my thing. I'm more interested in breaking out of the vicious cycle of normal human existence - eating, sleeping, working, mating, dying. Most generations of families go through this cycle again and again and again for thousands of years, remaining at the same spot, accomplishing nothing. You do you though.Well, you can always find similarities if you look for them.So according to you, **all** computer programmers are Ti users. Ok.So now it's **all** "great" programmers are Ti users. Ok.u sure ur an enfp cuz you don't sound like one.

And yes, I am very sure, considering that I study functions and took the official, paid test.

And if you haven't noticed, I am **not** agreeing with you.Why is this here? Why is this here?&gt; stereotypical 

Need I say more?Besides realising that most middle to high income jobs are going to be eliminated in the next 20-30 years, I learnt that people are often too timid and weak, refusing to pursue what they desire.I have not actually seen that article.

It is a rather brief one, and as a result, it does miss several very key ideas which will converge to create such an occurrence. 

Firstly, those whose salaries are relatively higher than the rest are more likely to be the focus of replacement, or at least, partial replacement. This is because cost savings are likely to be a lot higher.

Secondly, it is usually not the case that those jobs are completely gone, but that those jobs will no longer be as high paying as before. Take key hole surgery for example. A surgeon who is only able to do three surgeries in a day can now do five, and skill and steadiness of hand are no longer pre-requisites for a good surgery. Since supply increases exponentially as a result, the price of such a service dips.

Lastly, there are many, many more technological advancements that will impact this significantly. One such advancement that is set to replace lawyers is smart contracts. Again, it wouldn't be a complete replacement, because litigators are still likely to hold jobs, but a significant majority of that industry can easily be made obsolete.You are excused.As a millennial myself (although I dislike being associated with a bunch of people who can honestly be quite inane :P), I don't see how we are so special. Those intelligent enough to make ourselves useful in the coming waves of change would survive and thrive, those who choose to follow the footsteps of the past would drown.

&gt; typically underpaid "Feeler professions"/human services professions who are spared.

:'D Especially since there isn't really that much of a need to replace them yet. On education, it is not unlikely to see that teachers are replaced by video lectures especially in middle to high levels of education, with their roles being reduced to becoming consultants. It would be interesting to see if machine learning can feasibly replace research workers too.

&gt;only a subset will effectively use technology to do their jobs.

It'd be interesting to see the adoption rates for sure, but I'd say that's not really a concern in the long run. Key hole technology isn't exactly new at all, it is just that the few firms producing such products don't really face the kind of competition regular hardware technology companies face for now. You'd see stratification in the mid term, and the already established, older surgeons would benefit tremendously here, leaving behind many poorly paid new entrants. Which is why people of my age group is going to be destroyed so badly when we actually attempt to enter the workforce. I'd say that those graduating now till those who are graduating in 4 years time would still be able to find some jobs to a certain extent. The rest would be absolutely buried.&gt;without sending off the wrong vibes. 
&gt;&gt;it frustrates me that I can't get my family something other than gift cards to the theatre and other junk

Stop caring so much about what people think about your behaviour and your gift! Seriously! Just take it as a "I would like to give you something I think would be nice/you would enjoy" and leave it as that. Also, handmade stuff or personalized stuff do tend to make things more special, if you are into that. An INTP friend of ~8 years got me a Stalin fridge magnet when he went to Georgia, for example, because "Stalin reminded him of me", which amused me to no end. It really doesn't have to be complex at all.

&gt;if you think this a good/bad idea

What is good or bad is exceedingly relative. I personally wouldn't start doing this myself, but I don't see why you can't try it out.No no no

Midgets play by different rules, nothing can stop them :PProbably just about everyone is their own worst enemy.These are the options available to you, ranked according to their relative efficacy.

1) Test by MBTI functions rather than axis. Like this one: http://similarminds.com/classic_jung.html

2) Study MBTI functions and consider which you use more often.

3) Describe exactly how you are like on this subreddit and ask for the opinions of the people here.

4) Get a paid test from a verified instructor. (Mine was sponsored. I wouldn't personally do this.)I'm frankly not surprised by your results. People preferring Ne tend to be unable to come to a conclusion with regards to their type. Based on your results, I would say ENFP.

Basically, you answered "too well" based on the algorithm so you scored on most functions. In reality, it should be a comparison between the ranking of the functions. Your two highest functions are Ne and Fi. Your two lowest are Si and Te. Si is the lowest, which makes ENFP the type that you most likely are. Google MBTI function stacking for a better idea of what I am saying.Read the descriptions for those two here, they should be helpful: http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/124172916222/bridging-differences-nts

http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/124085191597/bridging-differences-nfs

MBTI notes is a great place for reliable MBTI information.What is your opinion about the relative decisiveness of the people favouring each functional axis?

From my personal observations, it would seem that Ni-Se users are more decisive than Si-Ne users. 
I've done the tests, I got ENTJ every single time. The website test I used (16personalities) doesn't explain the cognative functions (at least I don't think they do). So yes you can claim "you are something" if you don't know what cognitive functions are.Thanks mate, didn't see it!I don't understand the cognitive functions and would greatly appreciate an explanation (maybe a link to a website that explains it). 

**I am an ENTJ.**

Thanks
I will ask why things have changed and what has changed. I will consciously decide on how I must change my environment or my actions in order to adapt to this new reality.

If the change is pivotal enough, I will go into what appears to be a catatonic state before having a short, intense emotional outburst. I may scream, I may cry out of sheer frustration and confusion, or I may place blame on people and systems that may or may not be justified. I may throw and hit things, or I may also leave my house and start shooting with my lacrosse stick. Once I have calmed down, I will assess the situation rationally.

Sometimes I will indulge in activities that bring me pleasure or take care of very rudimentary tasks to feel happier or more in control. For example, whenever I get stressed about an upcoming project or approaching deadline, I will start cleaning obsessively or simply leave the house and do something. 

There was also this one period of time when I had sex with my significant other about 4 times a day. This was because I was really stressed out about an important test upon finding out that I wasn't prepared for it as I thought I was.Research them and decide what type you are based on the information that you have received. My results were very inconsistent, and at one point I decided that the tests that I took were biased and unreliable, so I spent about two weeks doing research on the functions before deciding that I was an ENTJ.INFP, based on your post and the responses that you have given.Start with your dominant function.IxTP, leaning towards ISTP. You demonstrate weak Fe, and whether or not you have stronger Si or Se is debatable.

You demonstrate some of the stereotypical behaviors of the INTP. Your lack of concern of how people see the way you dress, laziness/procrastination, and aversion towards confrontation are all common of this type, but could be attributed to ISTPs as well.Father - ENTP

Stepmother - ENTJ

Mother - ENFP

Stepfather - INTP

Me - ENTJFather - ENTP

Stepmother - ENTJ

Mother - ENFP

Stepfather - INTP

Grandfather - ISTJ

Grandmother - ISFP

Me- ENTJ



I feel the closest to my father, and I have a profound respect for my stepmother (even though we did not get along when I was little). My girlfriend of two years told me she can sense that there is a lot of tension and emotional distance between me and my mother. I can feel it as well.I have been typed as all of those by different people, except I eventually came to the realization that I lead with thinking and not intuition.

I thought I was an ExTP for about a year.I'd say that you're right. I see plenty of sensors in real life, but whenever I go on reddit or on mbti forums, the users are mostly intuitives.


In real life, however, most of the people  whose types that I have confirmed in some way or another are sensors. My grandfather is an ISTJ, one of my teachers is an ISFJ, my aunt is an ESTJ, I know two friends that are ISTPs, and my girlfriend as well as one of my closest friends are both ESTPs. None of these are guesses, as all of them have taken an MBTI test before. Additionally, I only know one INTP, one ENTP, and one ENFP.ESFJ or ISFP.

I tried using two different typing methods, so that's why they are so different. I'm more inclined to believe that this description is for a perceiving type as opposed to a judging type, however.* Yes, I don't find it particularly hard.

* Not really, I just drive to get places where I need to be or want to be.

* All the time. My time in the bathroom and time in the car are both spent thinking.

* Music. Whether or not I actually listen to it depends on my mood.

* I don't get road rage unless some careless dipshit is doing things to endanger my life or somebody else's. My first instinct is to avoid the danger, and get pissed off later.

* ENTJYeah, complete silence makes me anxious whenever I'm alone. It makes me feel lonely. The music helps this, and also helps get my thoughts going. I have a tendency to lose myself in thought very frequently, and background noise helps ease me into that state.Interestingly enough, I used to think that I was an ENTP.&gt;Even if this means repressing oneself

This is the story of my life. I am willing to make considerable sacrifices in order to get what I want, including acting in a manner that is in direct opposition to my own beliefs.Functions are irrelevant. I don't even understand MBTI to the extent that other people in this subreddit do, but I manage to end up with similar results as other users when I type people. It contradicts everything that I have previously learned about psychology, which makes me less inclined to believe in it like other people do.

Want to know if you can do well in psychology? Study it, and forget about your beliefs relating to MBTI as they are not relevant to this field. Psychologists in general do not believe in this method of categorizing the personality of other people, because the human consciousness happens to be so complex.

For this reason, I couldn't even tell you if I'm an ENTJ, because the functions that I lead with in different areas of my life are very interchangeable. However, I have been told by others that I am probably this type.

So based on that reasoning, I can tell you that social psychology is most likely what you would label as "F" heavy, but I would imagine that it shares many characteristics as general psychology.INTP -&gt; INTJ -&gt; ENTP -&gt; ESTP -&gt; ENTJ

I've never been much of a feeler and I have a lot of narcissistic tendencies. My Ti and Te are very strong, and my last socionics test told me that I was an ENTJ with a 92% chance of being an INTP (No, seriously).

I am pretty sure that I lead with Te and not Ti, as my behaviors are in line with those of a Te dominant. Ti also happens to be a very introverted function, which I do not consider myself to be.

Whenever I take MBTI tests that use the 4 letters, my thinking percentage is in the upper-90s.

I happen to be very creative, and once thought I was a Ne user, but upon further evaluation, I have come to the realization that I do not lead with intuition.I like to see people like you failNot everybody is right, but if you would like some help then I would recommend seeing a psychologist, talking to your family, or simply seeking the help of others. I had a similar sort of crisis a long time ago, when I was thrown out of my house in my freshman year of high school and made to move somewhere else. Before then, I believed myself to have my entire life figured out, and that I knew exactly where I wanted to be.

Life is so uncertain, and you cannot create a framework that applies to every single situation, as there are extenuating circumstances that affect every different avenue of your life.

Nothing you do will make everybody else like you. No matter what you do or who you are, somebody will hate you. I have had to deal with this throughout my entire life. I have received numerous insults along the lines of being rude, arrogant, manipulative, and even narcissistic on a couple occasions. On the other hand, I have received just as much positive support and get compliments from many people, including people that I do not know.

Somewhere inside of you, you have a vision, a place where you ultimately want to be. When you are able to find it and get in touch with your intuition, your life gets easier. You begin to find yourself in a comfortable place, have more confidence in yourself and way of thinking. 

What you need to do is learn how to trust your feelings and intuition, however that may be. Like a lot of NTs, I did so through introspection and philosophy, and my life is much better for it. I also sought the guidance and advice from others, and am in the midst of developing an internal framework.

Unfortunately, some of the most important lessons which you must learn are ones that are not taught in school. For example, you are never taught how to communicate with others in school. You are also never instructed how to manage your own money or given guidance on how to manage your stress. Not everything can be learned from a book, including the most important skills that you must develop in order to live a happy and successful life.

You were right in the post where you said that life is not black and white. Your consciousness operates on many paradoxes and your mental processes have many inconsistencies. It is likely that some of your feelings are not based on any sort of reason whatsoever. That's why many people draw the distinction between feelings and logic, as they can be illogical. Not everything in your life will make sense, accept it.

Unfortunately, in terms of MBTI, we are polar opposites of one another. If you are actually an INFJ, then you have all of my shadow functions. If I met you in person, we would probably not get along, but that doesn't matter.

You must accept the way things are in order to survive. Is it frustrating? Yes. Can it be overwhelming at times? Absolutely. Unfortunately, as another poster said, you cannot bend reality to your ideas. You must shape your ideas to fit your reality.I think a better analogy is to think of Se as a computer with less memory but much more RAM, while Si is a computer with more memory but much less RAM. This is still coherent with the computer analogy.

Since RAM is used to handle a number of given tasks at a time (such as a video game or programming), I believe it to be an appropriate comparison. More RAM allows more programs to be used at once, just like how Se can absorb more external details at a time than Si.

Se would be able to handle more external details at once (like playing a physically demanding sport or manage a group of people), and Si would be able to manage their past experiences and memories much more efficiently (implying better long-term memory), which requires very little consideration of their external environment.Has Kobe Bryant specifically said that he was an ISTJ? 

&gt;It is none

Then you're dealing with a human vegetable. You cannot be completely detached from the present, unless you have a severe mental illness. If you had a computer without RAM, it could not function. It wouldn't be able to access it's previously learned information or even add new information to it.

On the other hand, you could say that Se is RAM and Si is memory storage. This is based on the reasoning that weaker functions aren't nonexistent, just weaker.

For example, even strong Si types still have Se to some degree. It could be comparable to a computer with a lot of memory but with little ram. Both exist, but there is an obvious imbalance between the two.You're saying this like I am not capable of following more than one line of reasoning.

*Ignoring everything except the least important part of my post because you probably don't understand it

*Assumes that someone is a certain type based on conjecture

That's not how you type someone.My IQ is around 140. I am currently in college to major in Chemical Engineering.Yeah, I know. I just wanted to brag about it somewhere.^^^please ^^^shower ^^^me ^^^with ^^^complimentsMy dad is an ENTP engineer. I have an INTP acquaintance who is an anesthesiologist.This is spot on. As an ENTJ, I find it difficult to manage my emotions, because they can occasionally get the best of me. When I'm under emotional stress, there is very little that can be done to help me. Usually I get frustrated with my environment instead of specific people or events, since the fallout resulting from the latter two are manageable and within my control. But I cannot control the people and systems around me, and that can frustrate me immensely at times.


I'm also more prone to risk-taking behaviors than INTJs. I make a lot of personal bets with people, initiate conversations that could potentially damage my relationships with other people, and engage in a lot of risky behaviors. When I was in high school, I worked a part time job and occasionally sold drugs as an additional source of income. My ISTJ friend once referred to me as  "impulsive."Yep, I happen to be part Dominican and I used to work at a fast food restaurant with one of my closest friends. He was an ISTP and also half  African American, and one of our favorite things to do at work was make very racist and derogatory comments to each other in front of our coworkers.

Needless to say, most of the people that we worked with (especially the managers) would frequently look at us in total shock for the first couple months that we worked there. A lot of them thought we hated each other, even though that wasn't the case.

I very clearly remember when a manager confronted me on my third day and asked me if I would like to change shifts so that I didn't have to work with him, and I just started laughing really hard. Her confusion was priceless.No, I'm actually pretty cocky and rarely get anxious. If I see a reason to be straightforward with you, then I will. In fact, most people seem to think that I'm *too* straightforward.

"Insensitive," "douche," and "rude" are words that I hear from time to time. Unlike other types (except maybe the ESTPs, who I seem to get along with well), I will say the things that other people are afraid to, sometimes even in situations where I know that I will face ostracism for doing so.

However, I can be quiet or anxious from time to time. This is usually whenever I have nothing to do and nothing around me interests me. When things grow stagnant, I get restless because I know that there is something more important that I could be doing. My anxiety isn't really the kind that most people can relate to, because it seems like those around me prefer relaxed lifestyles. 

To answer your question succinctly, no I do not get anxious most of the time. The only situations where I really get nervous are ones that are completely unfamiliar to me, or whenever I have nothing to do.You may have, actually. I was very quiet and anxious during my teen years, although part of it had to do with a multitude of family issues and a major identity crisis that emerged as a result.I agree with this. Unlike other NTs, I'm not as concerned with theoretical possibilities simply because I find them interesting unless I am confronted with a concept, idea, or piece of information that is completely new or unfamiliar to me. When I am presented with information, my first thought is usually something along the lines of "how can I use this in my life?"

If I deem that it is impractical to learn something, I usually won't. However, some of the most important things that I have ever learned in my life were from searching for information that others would typically deem useless, and apply it in an unorthodox manner. In this sense, my behaviors can be seen in the same sense that other rationalist types are. In my head, however, I learn a lot of things because I feel like I can use them down the road at some point.I'm often in a "head in the clouds" state. My way of thinking is very theoretical and concerned with possibilities, but I only explore them when I think that it can be used to fill some sort of purpose. People have described me as "spacey" at times, but whenever I am in this state it is usually because I am thinking of something.

However, I can see what your saying. I feel like other ENTJs act and think in a manner that is coherent with whatever niche that they have placed themselves in. An ENTJ scientist would be concerned with theoretical solutions and possibilities, while an ENTJ businessman would use his Te and Ni in a manner that is geared towards becoming more successful as a businessman. These two processes are similar, but manifest themselves in different ways.I'm going to start by assuming that you're am NF type.You must have ENTJs mixed up with another type, because I personally hate rules. I hate being told what to do, and I hate listening to other people if I get the impression that something behind what they say is off in some way.

I dislike rules, but I believe in their necessity. I know why specific rules exist, and believe that they are all subject to interpretation. Rules are generally meant to tie down people without self-restraint and discipline, and for this reason I do not believe that they apply to me. I break a lot of rules, but it is because I have an overarching "ends justify the means" philosophy in all avenues of my life. If the final product or result comes as intended, then nothing else matters.

If "90% of rules in society don't make sense" to you, then that says a lot about you. The purpose behind most of them are relatively simple.

If I take someone's screwing around too seriously, then it means that I'm probably in a bad mood, don't like them, think that they should be doing something else, or just think that they're an idiot. I get this impression from a lot of people, because I think that most people are extremely uninhibited and don't think about the potential implications of the moronic shit that they do. 

I know plenty of people with "easygoing" natures that fuck a lot of people over because they seem to lack common sense, and are completely oblivious to it. I have met a lot of people who act this way, and I have mixed feelings about them. If I have to work with this type of person, then I will probably become really uneasy and find a way to make them do as little as possible.

I do everything fun that other types do. I go to parties. I drink. I mess around and do stupid shit that gets me into trouble all the time. The only difference is that these behaviors don't define me as a person. I only have fun when I know that the shit that I do doesn't really have a negative effect on my life as a whole.

If I work with a person and get the feeling that they're not very well put together, then I will secretly look down on them. However, if I meet them outside of my professional life and the actions that they take do not directly affect me, then I could possibly even like them.

I'm going to assume that you're an ESFP.You do not strike me as an INTJ, or at least any that I have ever met.I scored as an ETJ, so this seems to check out.I'm choleric/phlegmatic, and an NT. However, I used to be melancholic in my younger days.You have described me to a reasonable level of accuracy. However, I don't agree with your statement that we're not any better equipped than anybody else for the goals that we have set, because what separates us from most of the other types is that we are not afraid to do whatever it takes to get the things that we need done.

I can be very manipulative. Part of this is simply because of the fact that I talk to most of the people that I really get to know is because I have some underlying reason to. To me, most social interactions feel like some kind of flowchart in which every interaction is intended to produce a desired result. In fact, very few people ever really had the chance to understand the real me. We could be friends for years without you ever being able to understand the type of person that I really am.

Unlike most other types, a lot of my decisions are based on empirical knowledge and useful advice given to me, not because I feel a connection with other people. If I feel that one final outcome is ultimately better than another, then I will take whatever actions are necessary in order to produce that outcome, even if it means straining relationships with people that I am acquainted with. If I think you are wrong and it does not affect me, then I will not tell you what I think you should do because you would probably be upset with me for being such a critical "know-it-all." However, if I really need you to make the right decision, then I will convince you to do something else using reason.

Another thing is that I can usually decipher whatever line of reasoning that a person speaking to me is using. I can tell if someone is knowledgeable or ignorant of a certain topic, and I can tell if their opinion is close to the truth or just emotionally charged. My Te and Ni basically turn me into a human bullshit detector. Whenever I am doubtful of what I am told by another person, I begin to question it. Whenever I have determined that what I am being told is a load of shit, I will dismiss it immediately.

This behavior is seen as very confrontational (and for good reason), but the truth is that we are simply geared more towards getting what we want or need than anything else. I have a vision of where I want to see myself down the road, and most of the important decisions that I make are for the sole purpose of making it a reality.The difference is thst I try to wrap my mind around the other person's point of view. I use my Ni to put myself in their perspective, especially if I get the feeling that something about them is off. Usually whenever I do this, my thoughts usually go along the lines of "for what reasons would I lie in this situation?"

I don't know about the other types that you have described, but I am usually vocally aggressive because I believe that people are inherently biased, and sometimes it takes another person to point out the holes in their logic. I know that is what it often takes for me. A large part of the reason why I appear so opinionated and vocal about what I have to say is that I am looking for my idea to be challenged, and for another person to point out to me some detail that I have missed.I think it's a very important character quality for us to develop, unfortunately  (I don't know if this applies to other ENTJs) it happens to be very difficult for us to do so.Cr1tikal is an ESTP? That's news to me.I'm pretty sure that this behavior isn't exclusive to xNTPs, however I think that tests are easy for different reasons. If I run across a question that I am not immediately able to answer, I will pick a place in which to start from. By this, I mean that if I were taking a test in a book, I would remember things that I was told about the book that I believe tie into the question, and connect it in a way that seems to make sense.

Sometimes I will try to figure out what the identity of the test taker is, but I usually don't find it necessary. I have a tendency to write something that is a little off the wall but believe to be the correct answer (usually on essay questions), despite knowing full well that I am doing much more than I need  to.

I remember that I was this way during my AP Calculus class in my senior year of high school. I caught a bad case of senioritis this year, and fell asleep through half of my classes because I didn't care about high school anymore, because I was accepted into a college and had a different plan than most of the kids at my school. I liked to nap in this particular class because my teacher did not speak English as a first language, and I didn't want to put in the effort to understand her broken english. My teacher woke me up a lot, and even strangled me with my hoodie strings one day when I fell asleep.

My school had a policy where if you were absent from a class for 10 days, then your semester final was worth 50 percent of your grade. I knew my teacher wouldn't just let me do this if I asked, so I pretty much forced her to.

At the end of each semester, I would skip a lot of my classes and make each final worth half of my entire grade (at one point, I even started coming into class just so I could ask substitutes to mark me absent because she wouldnt). I scored the highest in my class on both finals, which made my teacher furious. Both times, this one test brought my final grade up from a D to a B each semester. My teacher thought this was unfair because I didn't try as hard as everyone else.

On top of this, I was one of the few people in that entire class to score a 4 or higher on the AP test. What is your type?The big five uses it, but I believe the label that they use for it is "neuroticism".Ironically enough, we seem to be naturally adept at hurting other people's feelings.Best: A healthy, well-rounded ESTP. Unfortunately we drifted apart a couple years into college. We were both heavily ambitious and complemented each other's personalities well. She also taught me to start taking care of the feelings of people around me, which was a skill that I sorely lacked. 

When I first met her, I never really considered the feelings of the people around me, which led to me hurting her feelings a lot near the beginning of our relationship. I got better at preventing this from happening as our relationship progressed.

Worst: An immature ISFP. I thought she was incredibly naive, vapid, and stupid. Not only did she irritate me, but she occasionally came off as condescending towards me on occasion, which pissed me off. I broke it off after a couple weeks, and never spoke to her again. I do this whenever conversations go wrong, and I go back and review what would've been a better thing to do in that situation so that I don't make a mistake like it in the future.One time is usually enough. I talk about how I fucked up with another person, which helps me sort out my thoughts. If I do make the same "mistake" again, it's usually because it has the effect that I want it to.ENTJ, ValorIf you get irritated because NTs generally have weaker emotional functions, then you're not an NT.I have a tendency to do this more than I would like to admit. Whenever I want to ask someone something or talk to them, I usually just walk up to them and start talking. I'm a lot better at not interrupting people than I used to be though, mostly through conscious effort after hearing my girlfriend complain about people that did that.Why do you want to get things done? Do you want to get them because you're supposed to or do you have some other reason for doing so?

It used to be hard for me to take care of my responsibilities because I didn't see a reason to. I was a major slacker in high school. Now I'm one of the highest performing students in my entire class.

Then, I decided that I knew what I wanted to accomplish in my life and committed myself to performing the actions necessary to make my ambitions a reality.&gt;Personalities/looks/intelligence are all traits that people do not get to choose.


Plastic surgery patients aside, I'm pretty sure unattractive people do not get to choose their physical features.


&gt;I don't see being shallow as negative

&gt;I judge everyone I see based on their physical appearances. I see nothing wrong with that. In fact I'm happy with that and I VERY dislike ugly or even just slightly ugly people I find them disgusting(superficially) I stay very far away from them.

&gt;morally worst

If I met you in person, I would probably think that you're an idiot and avoid/make fun of you, which is convenient because you'd probably avoid me because I'm "weird" or something.

Also, you have about as much of a hold on the English language as I would have if I were wrestling a Silverback gorilla.

I'd go on, but if I went over every single reason why someone would think that your post is satirical then I would probably break the character limit.Personality and intelligence are both the product of a person's mind. They are the result of mental processes taking place on a subconscious level. This all takes place inside of your head.

A person's appearance is only skin-deep, hence "shallow."

When you're a shallow person, then you only like people because of their aesthetic appeal. If you don't see something wrong with that, then it makes me curious to wonder what goes through your head on a regular basis. Do you feel love the same way that a person appreciates a painting?

On the bright side, at least you're upfront and honest about it. Most people are shallow to some degree anyway, but I think that you're on one of the polar ends of that spectrum.

There have been many arguments made in the past that a person's perceived intelligence and educational level is malleable, and physical features are not. Reading a novel or studying a textbook will make someone a little smarter, but reading Cosmo won't fix a crooked nose.I don't know why I said perceived, I meant crystallized.

You're referring to "g," Then I guess I can't really argue with that.Shallowness usually correlates with low intelligence, but you might be intelligent. Usually when I think of someone that is shallow, they are not very intelligent.Yeah, ENTJ. It took a reasonable amount of research to decide on this type. However, I was having trouble choosing between a handful of types at one point (ENTP, ESTP, ENTJ, INTJ).Took the 16personalities test during my Junior year of high school during my insecure adolescent days and got INTP. Immediately after reading the type description, I could identify with it at the time. However, about a year later I suddenly became very extroverted, arrogant, and a little full of myself. When I started talking to other INTPs in person and online, I realized that I wasn't like them at all. I was much more argumentative, cocky, and vocal.

I tried to use the people that I was around to help decide on my type, but my friends are of a lot of different types, mostly intuitives or SP types. I know a lot of ENFPs, INTPs, ESTPs, ESFPs, INTJs, etc.

I later heard about functions. When I took a function test, my top three results were ENTP, INTP, and ENTJ.

ENTJ? That seemed odd. I didn't think I was like an ENTJ at all. In fact, I wasn't anything like an ENTJ, in my opinion, but I only thought that because of the type descriptions of them that I read. However, upon reading about them and what they are like in person, I started to identify with it more and more. I even began to identify with some of the darker ENTJ traits like narcissism, emotional callousness, and arrogance.

I eventually came to the conclusion that I was an ENTJ with well-developed Ti and Ne. Whenever I take type tests now I'm always typed as an ENTJ or INTJ (my Te and Ni are by far my strongest functions) but extraversion on these tests are biased to some degree. If you're a quiet-ish person, then you get typed as an introvert even if you aren't.My mom is an ENFP and speaks 4 languages.Ni moments occur whenever I'm doing something that I shouldn't be. Sometimes when I'm procrastinating or doing something bad, my body gets flooded with a very powerful and spacious feeling and I have to figure out why. Whenever I have these little Ni moments, I get really quiet and my mind goes into overdrive.


They also come in the form of epiphanies. Although they only happen every so often, the realizations that I come to as a result of my Ni shape my future actions and behavior. 


The biggest epiphany that I ever had came during a really bad place in my life in my later years of high school, and I remember going into this catatonic-like state where I barely spoke to anybody for four whole days. When those four days were over, I felt much more enlightened, and had noticeable changes in my behavior. I also cut off a number of people that I thought were bad influences on me since an emotional rift suddenly formed between me and them.MIT: INTJMy girlfriend is an ESTP. We have a lot of chemistry with each other, although we have some issues.

She gets irritated at my confrontational and arrogant attitude from time to time. I usually do it without thinking, but I back off whenever she calls me out for it. When it happens, she just tells me to stop being "cranky/bitchy."

She has her own issues too, though. Occasionally she will get angry over things that seem really petty, and confronts people when there is no need to. I think it's because she doesn't have a whole lot of tact when it comes to her personal relationships, but it could just be because she generally doesn't give a fuck about what people think of her. However, she gets sad from time to time about her  dysfunctional personal relationships and I don't think she understands that her confrontational nature is what makes her a lot of enemies.

However, I'm an emotionally callous person in general. I appear to be pretty sociable and outgoing, but I can give off a cautious and hostile demeanor to those who do not know me very well. My girlfriend understands that I love her, but we had some issues because I didnt really display any strong emotions at the beginning of our relationship.

We still fit very well together, despite our differences. We are both pretty social and both have lives aside of each other, and are extremely ambitious career-wise. She wants to become a nurse anesthetist and I am going to school to become an orthapedic surgeon. 

The fact that we are both very mature for our ages and very in love with each other helps us out a lot.I went through an anime phase for about 4 months two years or so ago. My favorite shows were:

* Neon Genesis Evangelion (really helped me during my angsty teenage days, and I also liked the gore being the edge lord that I am)

* Hunter X Hunter

* Shinsekai Yori

* Steins;Gate

* Gurren Lagann

* Ghost in the Shell

* One Punch Man

* Samurai Champloo

* Log Horizon Season 1

* Legend of Galactic HeroesENTJ-A, 6w5, MENTJ. My top three were: Logical/Mathematical, Linguistic, and Interpersonal (tied with Body/Kinesthetic)Current type: ENTJ

Extrovert type: ESTP

Introvert type: ISTJ

Not sure why everybody wants INFJ emotional overload.ENTJ. I don't play chess.INFJs have something that I like to call "unconscious altruism." I have only met one INFJ in real life, but from testimonials from people on this subreddit it seems like they have a tendency to prioritize the needs and feelings of others to the point where they have trouble developing their own opinions. They also have seem to have a lot of trouble taking care of their own lives because they prioritize others so much. They seem to be the ones who need to internalize the phrase "you can't please everybody" the most.&gt;tl;dr

It's literally five lines. Are you an ADHD teenager on cocaine?Is this an INTJ stereotype?tl;dr not understanding that sarcasm does not translate very well through textxNTP, leaning towards ENTP. I sense strong Ne and Ti, as well as well-developed Si. ENTPs also tend to be very argumentative and confrontational around a lot of people.Te- A desire to explain everything rationally. This includes (but is not limited to) the world around me, my feelings, other people's feelings, and situations that I may be in. My social skills are even developed around my Te.

I did performed well in every subject in school, and studied a variety of them. A big part of my ability to understand people is based around my understanding of empirical psychology. My firm convictions and understanding of how other people think are based on my understanding of philosophy.

This function often comes off as extremely harsh/insensitive/blunt to other people. In high school and college, a lot of people that didn't know me very well thought that I was just a douche. People who knew me better understood that I actually had a good reason for everything that I said, even if I seemed a little too self-assured of what I had to say.

Coupled with my Ni, I use this function to map out the events that will occur as a result of taking certain actions.

Ni- Unconscious awareness of where I want to be in life. My thoughts often return to my goals, and I frequently think about where I want to be in my life years from now. If something does not affect it, then it is not filtered by my Ni. For this reason, people often think that I'm unpredictably lazy or rigid, but it's usually because my Ni tells me that I should do something or that not doing it is inconsequential.

It is also where my occasional "spaciness" comes from. Sometimes my Ni takes over all of my thoughts.

My Ni is also where my creativity comes from. A lot of my problems are solved in relatively complex and unorthodox ways that handle several of them at once.

Se- This one doesn't really need much explaining, as there really isn't a whole lot of mental processing behind it. My mind is pretty focused on the present. This function helps me get out of my own head, so that I don't become completely unaware of my surroundings. I know how to read people, and this function works along with my dominant and auxiliary functions to get a sense of what people are like.

Fi- I don't know how to explain this function very well, as I'm still in the process of developing it and it's definitely my weakest. I rarely show any sort of emotion except when I am talking to someone, and usually that is just so that I can abide to social norms. I have a pretty good sense of humor and smile when I talk to people.

Occasionally someone says something that really resonates with me and then I suddenly become flooded with emotion. Whenever this happens, I lose my ability to think almost completely.

Sometimes I get irrationally angry over trivial things for very specific reasons. This is often when I am made to do something or to stop something that I want to do for no reason whatsoever. This also happens whenever people make decisions based solely on emotion that affect me negatively. People tell me that these anger streaks are really scary.

I also get told that I take a lot of things too seriously, and I think that this might be the result of inferior Fi. I have a lot of trouble handling my emotions.

It is for all these reasons that I abide by the ENTJ stereotype that we see emotions as a weakness, simply because they are completely out of my control. I try to avoid them because they can have a terrible affect on my life.Yes. Whenever I am trying to wrap my head around an idea, concept, or string of events I put together a lot of examples in order to get an idea of something. I do this subconsciously, as my mind does float around from idea to idea and from topic to topic quite often.

Eventually, I suddenly gain a clear understanding of everything that I was previously trying to understand in one random moment. I'm suddenly able to wrap my head around the little details and nuances of each, and the newly learned information works suddenly becomes part of my intuition and I understand it.

It's hard to explain well.Thanks for this insight on Fi. I can now type one of my friends as an INFP.Strong auxiliary function. I read somewhere that a person's dominant function can be thought of as their method towards experiencing life while their auxiliary is the function where their motivation comes from, if that makes sense.Decided to keep submitting articles until I actually got my type. It took me 23 tries.

I started off by submitting random walls of text from my previous reddit posts. My first six results were INTP. Then I got INTJ four times. Afterwards, I got ISTP once and INTP three more more times. I also got ESTJ twice.

Then I sent in a wall of text from an Instagram post of mine, and got INTJ. Since this wasn't working, I decided to send in various assignments from school.

I sent in a political paper on North Korea and got ESTJ.

After that, I sent in a polemic on Thomas Jefferson's idea of a government ran by the common people. INTP.

I sent in a paper that I wrote about two weeks ago about getting kicked out of my house and the effect that it had on me, and got INTJ.

I then sent in two youtube comments from a person who said that he was an ENTJ for the hell of it: INFJ.

Then I sent in an appeal letter for a scholarship, and got INTJ.

Then I sent in the description for a physics project and finally got ENTJ.I got ENTJ (3 E, 5 N, 5 T, 4 J)INFP. Maybe INFJ.I feel very introverted in emotional settings. Whenever I see people crying or sharing emotional stories, I become very quiet. Openly expressing my emotions or emphasizing with people isn't something I do well. I'm not emotionless, but stronger feelings and deeper emotions are difficult for me to express without it coming off as awkward or forced.

People who are close to me have simply accepted that as who I am, and understand that I'm always willing to help them if they have a problem. They know that I have feelings.

I often feel somewhat introverted around new people, or strong F types. I'm not the extremely outgoing type of person that initiates conversation for the hell of it; if I initiate a conversation with you and you have never spoken to me before, then it's because something about you has caught my attention or I have a reason to talk to you. I assume that my introvertedness is simply my Ni trying to get a grasp of what certain people are like based on their mannerisms, personality, or way of moving (which say more about a person than you'd think).Savior complex.Externally? My type (ENTJ). Since Fe is our weakest function, we  are the least likely to be swayed by the feelings of others. When I was little, I was alienated by the majority of my peers because I refused to obey social norms. I argued a lot, which didn't sit well with my peers at all.

Internally? INTP. I'd imagine that Ti doms are less influenced by ideas that contradict what they think. Inferior feeling types are least likely to conform to societal norms.If I don't agree with something, I will tell you that I don't agree with you to your face.

I don't know if this applies to all INTPs, but if they don't agree with you then they will stay silent and do something that makes it obvious that they don't agree with you.

For example, lets say that your girlfriend doesn't want you going to a party. I have an INTP friend and we were both in this situation, and this is exactly what we did.

Me: Most of my friends are going, so I'm going. I understand why you're concerned, but I want to go. If there's something that I can do to reassure you, then I'll do it, but I'm going.



INTP: Okay, I won't go.

*goes anywayOn the surface, I'm just like everybody else. I buy nice clothes, follow some trends, stay updated on current events, listen to popular music, and generally have a nice, clean appearance (to the point where my dad used to call me "princess" because I spent so much time getting ready in the morning and a couple of my friends have told me that I'm too focused on appearances, but it's only because I believe having a certain appearance gives people a certain impression). 

My views are different from societal norms on an ideological level. I'm not as vocal about the fact that I don't agree them as I used to be, and usually if someone takes a stance that I don't agree with then I will analyze what line of reasoning that they are using to adopt that stance. If I don't understand your reasoning, I will ask questions to gain insight of your stance and why you believe it. If I do understand your reasoning and don't agree with it, then I will debate it with you and see if you can prove me wrong or introduce me to a new perspective that I never even considered.

Just last night I had an argument about religion with a theist and someone who is agnostic (I'm agnostic). I didn't care that she was my girlfriend's roommate. I simply debated theism with her to understand why she believed it and also to give her a sense of why I believed what I did. When I introduced the topic, the girl who was a theist thought that I was one at first because I could explain her viewpoint so well, despite the fact that I wasn't one.

I'd rate my social skills as above average, although somewhat artificial. I read a lot of books and articles that help give me insight of how the things I say make people feel. What I mean by this is that a lot of my knowledge is so that I can figure out what to say to people and give them the impression that I want. 

People generally like me unless I purposefully give me a reason for them not to, but not because I'm nice or friendly. They find me to be intelligent, funny, or simply find me interesting as a person.

TL;DR We act to be normal and follow societal norms (Te and Se) for our own reasons (Ni and Fi). Everything that we care about is rooted in our personal vendettas (is this the right word to use here?). We let societal norms have some influence over us, but we are definitely different from sensors. We also value intelligence and unconventional ways of thinking like other NTs.

I read somewhere from someone who said that all NTs except for ENTJs rely on their reasoning and thoughts to make decisions, while ENTJs seem to rely more on their gut. I believe there is a lot of truth in this statement.I'm pretty sure that you and I are the only two people on this subreddit that have actually seen this show.I do this a lot, and don't think it's a function.ENTJ. 14.She seems more like an ENFP to meMe: ENTJ

Mom: ENFP

Dad: ENTP

Stepmother: ENTJ

Stepfather: ISTP

Grandfather: ISTJ

Grandmother: ISFJ

Girlfriend: ESTPFriends of friends/acquaintances: Usually think that I'm clever and funny. I can tell by how they act around me that they think I'm a little odd, but not in a bad way. I've been told that I'm "quirky" a few times.

People I don't like: Cold.

Strangers: Think that I'm intelligent and competent, but I appear to have a very serious expression most of the time. People have told me that they wouldn't think that I'm as enjoyable to be around as I actually from just looking at me.ENTJ/M

**Heartbreaking** "Sometimes you can be so mean that I wonder if you have feelings at all." -One of my closest ISFP friends after I told her that if her ex left her so easily, then he may have never loved her (yes, I realize how horrible that sounds)

**Heartwarming** "I've never met a single person who thinks as badly of you as you do." -My ISTJ grandfather

"I mean west0rn you don't know how much I love you. I would do anything for you. If you feel like a loser, I want you to know that you're not. You're the most amazing person I've ever met. You made me realize that it's okay to say what I think. And you made me realize that I'm special and beautiful. And I'm sorry if I don't make you feel special but I promise you that I'll start. And trust me, you're not going to feel insecure about anything babe. You're my one and only love and the only person I'll ever love." -Message that my ESTP girlfriend sent me yesterday when I was really down on myself"This guy is such a dick."xNFJ, leaning towards INFJ. I'm pretty sure that 90% of the people on this subreddit who claim to be INFJs are not actually INFJs, but I think that you're an exception.

I can tell by your conscientiousness of how people think of you means that you're a feeler type.

You have strong Fe, which also means that you have a Ti-Fe axis. The fact that you try to understand why things work the way that they do is further evidence of this, since this is what Ti users do. This rules out xNFP. Blaming yourself for things that is not necessarily your fault seems to be a habit of Fe users, and happens to be characteristic of xNFJs.

A natural tendency of inaction is common for people who have strong Ni and Ti. A tendency to try new ideas is also a habit of strong N users, and I believe that you're an Ni user.

I could probably provide an argument for xNFP, but I think that you're an xNFJ because I can resonate with some of your natural tendencies, which I believe is because I share a couple of your functions.ENTJ. Rap.Charlize Theron.ENTJ. 33/36Yeah, and for me this sensation isn't as strong. I have more of a "I'll piece it together as I go along" type of mentality, but my Ni plays a huge role in my thinking and decision making, usually in the form of "what will happen as a result of me doing this?" or "what is the easiest way to accomplish this?"INTP: Sitting next to the INTJ, silentlyNi doesn't make you psychic. I'm sure that you have an understanding of why you believed her to be that way; I usually can when it comes to how my Ni works, even though I can't get it across to other people.

Certain mannerisms in people turn me off, and I'm usually right about them. Last person that I got a bad feeling about turned out to be a slut that wanted to hook up with me despite the fact that I'm in a relationship.Research the functions yourself. Whenever you take tests, you have a subconscious inclination towards certain results. In my case, I decided to thoroughly research the functions myself so that I could decide my type once and for all.


First ever MBTI result in high school (16personalities): INTP

First cognitive function test result (keys2cognition): INTJ

Second cognitive function test result (humanmetrics): ENTP

Socionics test result: ENTJ 2Ni

Big 5 result: SCOEI

Type me posts: ENTP, ESTP, and ENTJ

After researching the functions from many different sites, I came to the conclusion that I am an ENTJ with strong auxiliary Ni.What do you mean "which ones fit what?"Why do you believe that I'm a Ti user? Ti is one of my weakest functions. I identify much more with the Ni description than Ti.Can you explain to me why you think this? I have never been typed as anything other than an NT, usually xNTJ.Why do you believe this? My Ni is much stronger than my Ti.It depends on the person. People usually interpret my self confidence as arrogance or haughtiness. I've met people in the past who thought that I hated them even though they have never even talked to me before.

The only reason I disagree with you is the fact that I'm an Se user. My Si is weak. I have a piss poor memory when it comes to details and past experiences have little influence on my present behavior. I'm not very good at managing my time or my health on a smaller scale, either.

"Gut feelings" still have a major influence on my decision making. I won't simply ignore anything that makes me uneasy, because I know that there is a reason for it. I trust them, but I have to rationalize them, even if the justifications that I have made are only loosely based on reality. However, if I had to choose between those feelings and my reason, then I would allow my reasoning to skew a little in favor of these gut feelings.

When I read the type descriptions for both types, I identify very strongly with ENTJ, and not ESTJ. 

Everything listed in 7 are simply generalities, not clearly defined beliefs. Everything that I think, say, and do is situational.I saw the picture as a set of mountains, but I didn't think that would be an appropriate answer to the question so I just started giving details that I would otherwise consider to be pretty unnecessary.It looks like you're just picking and choosing between type descriptions without looking at the functions themselves. I can attempt to type you if you want.

1. How much do appearances matter to you? Are you very conscious of your appearance as well as those of others?

2. If you don't use your ability to reason very often, then it implies that thinking and intuition are lower in your function stack. When you stand up to people, do you usually debate issues or does it often have to do with your beliefs? No, they are not the same.

3. Which test did you use to type yourself?&gt;That being said, the picture prompt isn't the best at distinguishing between the two preferences.

You took the words right out of my mouth. I was asked to share my thoughts on a random picture that has little significance to me, so I don't see any reason to put forth any effort into making additional conjectures about it. I'm not sure how this alone gives any clear indication on whether or not I'm an intuitive or a sensor.

I don't know how to make additional conjectures about this picture without any background information, since a random picture with no context has little significance to me. If I was told that it was taken from a helicopter, then I might imagine that the person is on a trip somewhere and that this is a vacation photo taken from it. I pictured what it would be like to climb up these mountains, but saying that doesn't really mean anything when I have nothing else to go on.

Your response sounds like Ne working in conjunction with Ti, which is only one form of intuitive preference.Yes, I'm an extrovert."Gut feelings" was a term that I used because I thought it had to do with subconscious insights. By itself, this term could apply to many different situations in a different manner, so I won't use it.

I've been trying to convey the way that my mind works  in terms that make them seem as clear as possible, but it seems like it doesn't come across the way that I want it to.

**As an auxiliary function, Ni manifests as an understanding of how one ought to go about accomplishing his or her goals, based on a keen intuitive perception of how various courses of action are likely to unfold.**

**The auxiliary-Ni monologue: “How can I use my intuitive knowledge about how things are connected in order to achieve what I want?”**

This is generally how I think and make a lot of my decisions. I model situations and chains of events in my head, as well as is most likely to occur as a result of a certain action. I plan out what is likely to happen very far down the road, to the point where a lot of my S type family members tell me that I need to "spend more time thinking about the present."

I make a lot of predictions and form conclusions based on impressions that I get from things (yes, I know how vague this sounds) and try to see how they would interact with one another.

I picture these "models" like tree branches that fork at points where one of several outcomes could potentially occur. If it leads to a dead end, then I usually feel as if it's a bad idea. This is the best analogy that I use to picture the way that I think. 

At other times, (usually whenever I try to learn something new), my mind feels like the workspace of a computer program, and I draw models that make sense of the concept to me.

There are also times where I read books and make sense of it without really reading it. I find a few key words that reference the main idea and then I use my mind to piece the rest together.

**As an auxiliary function, Si manifests as the preference to rely on the tried-and-true method when working to accomplish a particular goal.**

**The auxiliary-Si monologue:“In order to achieve what I want, I will employ the most reliable and socially acceptable method of accomplishing it.”**

This description does not resonate with me at all. 

What is socially acceptable has very little influence on my decision-making. What has worked in the past does not really influence me either, because different situations take place under different circumstances, so I don't use past events as a compass that I use to make decisions in the future.

A lot of the methods that I use to get things done are based around what should work, but I'm never completely certain about whether they would (but they usually do). I do this in my relationships as well as my studies. There are times where I see myself as being akin to a business executive, a scientist, a villain in a TV show, or a Dr. House-esque type. I feel this sensation whenever I am trying to wrap my head around the way that other people's minds work.Dr. House is an NTP. 

I don't have the same intuitive bias that most of the people on this subreddit have; I just don't identify with the ESTJ functions except for the Te and Fi axis. If I was an ESTJ then it wouldn't bother me, but I just dont think that I am one.

I think about the direction that my life is headed a lot. In fact, sometimes thinking about it stresses me out and I obsess over it. I can be in the middle of a party or something and suddenly become really stressed out all of a sudden and start worrying about the direction that my life is headed, even if it has nothing to do with what I'm currently doing. Sometimes I put off important work and start researching things like what higher-tier institutions look for in students so that I can get a clearer view of how my future will turn out.

Whenever someone sparks my interest as a person, I start thinking of ways that I can start talking to them without it feeling forced.

The "computer program" analogy was something that I used to describe what the image that forms in my head resembles. This isn't the only image that forms, and they tend to vary a lot. The only real commonality is that a lot of them tend to take the form of things that are vaguely related to math. However, this could just be because I'm an extremely talented math student and that type of thinking just seems to make sense to me. 

I've been described a lot during the past as being "spacey." Some of the people who describe me in this manner are intuitives. This is usually because of the fact that I spend a lot of time thinking about how my life will be down the road. No, this is not me trying to identify with some sort of stereotype. I'm always thinking about the direction that things around me are headed, trying to see how they'll play out. As a result, I generally feel some sort of detachment from the present, and sometimes I don't even feel like my head and my body are the same thing at times.

All of the "values" that I mentioned were general guidelines that I do abide by to an extent, but they are based around advice that I have been given, things that I have read, and whether or not I can forsee undesirable situations happening to me by failure to do them. I can see myself backing myself into a corner in the future if I don't prioritize them over other general courses of action, so I make sure that I stick to them to some degree. However, I go against these general principles when I find it necessary to do so. People have often asked me for the reason why I do something that is contradictory to what they thought that I believed, and my response is usually that it just made more sense in a given situation. These "values" just seem like the courses of action that are least likely to prevent me from reaching my overarching life goals.This sounds like the way that I think, but I'm not as knowledgeable about politics and the technology market. However, I do have an intuitive understanding how systems work. If I put in the effort to educate myself in a particular topic, then I can become an expert in it relatively quickly. In school, I am one of the highest performing students in every subject that I take. My X teachers would tell me that I should try to become X.

My field of expertise is math. An after school counselor of mine started teaching me algebra in second grade. During my AP Calculus class, there were periods of time where I slept through classes because I missed out on sleep because of sporting events for weeks on end. On test day, I would piece together little bits and pieces of what I heard during the times of day when I was awake (which wasn't often) and taught myself how to solve each problem on the fly. I can't explain how I knew how to do them, and my current calculus teacher told me that he believed I was just someone that has a deep understanding of math. My  AP teacher had no idea what methods that I was using to solve each problem, and after a while it started frustrating her because she didn't think that I deserved to do so much better than the rest of class with little effort. It got to the point where she told other students not to listen to my "street math." People still did though, as I was able to break down and teach people how to do calculus into terms that people understood. My lowest score on a test during that year was an 88%. I got the highest grade on both finals.

I don't make judgments about overarching societal trends because I don't really educate myself on current events like your husband does. Because of my inability to affect any sort of change or have a future in the political realm, I believe that it's a pointless thing for me to educate myself in for the time being, since I'm an 18 year old in college. I get asked by people that I know why I don't vote, and this is always my answer. I'm not informed, and for the time being it's not very time-efficient to do this because I chose a very difficult major, and I would like to have a social life throughout college. This eats up all of my time.

However, I can make these type of judgments on a much smaller scale. I am able to predict which relationships are going to work out well, have an intuitive understanding of what a person is like just from talking to them for a short time, and what will happen if one of my friends tries something new or risky. I'm rarely ever wrong. "Gut feelings" was a term that I used because I thought it would encapsulate this method of thinking in this context, but I guess it doesnt.

I can map out a chain of events that will occur from the result of a particular event. I can account for just about every conceivable potential possibility that will occur (within the scope of my reasoning), and what will happen further down this chain. I know how a major event will affect me years down the road, and how it affects my overarching life goals.For the most part, I can't decide whether or not I'm an ENTJ or INTJ. I just don't really know how to tell the difference between the two types. My test results flip back and forth between INTJ and ENTJ, but I dont have any clear inclination towards one or the other.

I don't know the difference between whether or not I am using Te or Ni. However, I think that I am probably an Te dom. I fit the definition of an Ni user almost perfectly, but I have strong Te as well. These are by far my two strongest functions, but it's hard to tell which one is at a higher position within my stack.I don't see myself as an ESTJ. I don't use Ne, and my Si is extremely weak. Based on the links that were submitted to me by another user in this forum about how each function manifests itself based on its position in a functional stack, I seem to fit closer to the Ni dom/aux description. 


Looking back at what I wrote in my original post, it looks like I was trying to give the impression that I am more straightforward and decisive than I actually am. The truth is that I am only this way in some avenues of my life, there are many things that I am uncertain about and much of my knowledge is based on speculation and inductive logic that branches out from what I know about a particular topic. Everything in my life is based around this type of thinking, and I am rarely wrong about things.


If I am really an ESTJ, then I seem to be a very independent and spacey one. I seem to be very in my own head and forgetful of details for someone who is supposed to be a sensing aux. I dont feel very "grounded" a lot of the time (no, I do not have a psychological disorder). Some of the values that I really hold dear don't seem to make sense to others. I see things in ways that those around me don't seem to. For a sensor, I seem to be extremely misunderstood by other sensors.

To me, being typed as an ESTJ seems about as ridiculous as being typed as an F type. I don't see any resemblance between me and the ESTJs in my every day life or any of the type descriptions. It has nothing to do with not wanting to be typed as a sensor; I just don't think that I am one.Here's a better one. I've been linked to articles that are meant to describe each function indivodual, and every time I see it I just find it to be so vague that it's irritating. The functions interact with each other in different ways depending on your stack. Reading those kind of descriptions initially made me think that I'm a Ti user, but I eventually found out that it was because I use both Te and Ni, which are meant to explore subjects to a reasonable amount of depth.Forgot the link: http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/I would just assume that someone carelessly left it there, if I even bothered to think about it at all.Your test has typed me as an ISFP. I'm not an ISFP.The easy way:

http://typelogic.com/fa.html

http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/I'm aware of how old this comment is, but I might as well answer it since I saw it. The author is an INFJ.I'm a narcissist, although a very high-functioning one. People seem to enjoy my company, and find me a generally entertaining person to be around. However, on the inside I don't really care about anyone. 95% of the people around me could move away or die and the only thing that would cross my mind is "what am I supposed to do now?"

My heart is a desolate, emotional tundra where the sun shines through on rare occasions.

I believe, although it is somewhat justified as I have qualified to skip two grades in school (although my parents stopped me), that I am the smartest person that I know and that everybody else is an idiot. I have not had to work for a single thing that I have. My only real academic weakness has to do with my writing skills, which are still distinctly above average. I make people feel stupid all the time without really meaning to, because I have incredibly high standards for everything in every aspect of my life and when I talk about my "inadequacy" it makes them feel inferior to me in some way.

I'm always tense. I feel as if an immense amount of pressure has been placed on me to succeed and push myself to my fullest potential. The fact that nobody outside of my family has noticed this actually amazes me.Lying to comfort people is neither Fe or Fi, just a typical human brhavior.I know that I'm either a narcissist or a sociopath, but for some reason nobody sees it except me and a handful of my family members. Part of me just thinks that they don't want to believe it, but I know that there is something fundamentally different about me compared to other people. It's something that I have felt ever since I was little. However, after many fights and developmental guidance from my ISTP father and ENTJ stepmother, I believe that I've become a very high-functioning individual.

I read somewhere that sociopaths tend to attract other sociopaths, and some of my friends in the past have been diagnosed with ASPD. I can't imagine that narcissists would be much different. That might be why you feel some sort of draw to me. Sociopaths have taken an interest in me in the past, and often come to me when they need things.

I can pretend to feel things when I need to, but something in me also says that I should quit faking emotions because something is morally wrong with it. I pretend to empathize and I pretend to care about other people a lot. I have conditioned myself to act in a way that keeps my inner tendencies hidden. It's not that I don't want to be "found out," but it's because I know that adopting certain social behaviors will benefit me in the long run.

My ENTP friend once told me that he thought I was a sociopath. An ISTP acquaintance of mine insisted that I was a psychopath. Many people have accused me in the past of being a narcissist. Most people, however, seem to think that I am a good person.No, I see nothing wrong with it. Everybody lies, and you can either choose to deny it or accept your dishonest tendencies. None of my behaviors are done in order to hurt other people; they are simply meant to benefit me. People inadvertently get hurt over it on occasion, but it's never anything major.

People would probably think that I'm mentally unhealthy upon hearing this, but I believe that I am more sane than those who think differently than me. I see things in ways that they do not, and believe that it is advantageous.

If you can think your way into a better lifestyle, why not do it?Every girl thinks this. Most of you really aren't weird at all.

Hell, even the girls that are pictured on the left talk about themselves the same way that you do.Intuition, I think. I'm not sure if any function plays a role in this, but if I had to say so then it would be intuition. Drawing parallels and thinking on my feet isn't something I struggle with (it's actually one of my talents), but it seems like most STJs are very rigid and must have everything throughly planned out, while I just need a guideline. I can present a five minute presentation with about a minute and a half of writing, but I need a little bit of research and background information to back me up so that I don't talk out of my ass. Intuition seems to be notorious for putting together ideas and making connections between ideas that may initially seem unrelated.Because I use a small amount of things in my daily routine, I can remember where everything is atI used to hate people for acting the way that I do now. On top of that, the consequences of the wrong decision could be pretty dire. There's the possibility that I will catch an STD. There is another possibility that I could get one of the girls that I hook up with pregnant. There is another possibility that I will break up with the wrong girl and deeply regret it in the future.The tests are only meant to give you a starting point. I made this mistake when I first started because I thought that if I was a certain type then I should always test as that specific type. However, I answered the questions and interpreted them in different ways depending on my mood and would get different results.

However, if you have been frequently typed as an S then I'm more inclined to think that you are probably a sensor, since I have only been typed as a sensor once (ESTP) after taking numerous tests.

http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/

Here's a good reference point as well. Another good idea is to search each individual function within this subreddit and read the posts by users about how each function manifests between them, because the function descriptions are very broad and vague.

This was how I discovered my type. I read a bunch of responses made by each type and said to myself one day "that sounds almost exactly like me. That is how I think."

Now that I have a better grasp of what the tests are looking for, I am typed as an xNTJ by them consistently.I want to understand the world around me. I want to achieve. I want to incite change. My goal in life is to actively pursue everything that I want and make it into reality. I want to bend the environment to my will.

I will not compromise when it comes to my goals. I will ultimately do whatever it takes to get what I want, even if I have to cut every single person that gets in my way out of my life entirely. If I have to pursue my goals alone, then I will, and I will find a way to become successful doing it.

I don't care about harmony or love or peace or anything of that sort because I think our world is hopeless. People don't really give a fuck about anybody except for themselves (but they sure like to pretend as if that isn't the case in order to satisfy their conscience), and ridicule people that don't think the way that they do because they're close-minded idiots.

People who are in charge are also idiots. I have not put the slightest bit of effort into following the recent election because I despise all of the candidates and don't feel like informing myself so that I can participate in big political circlejerk discussions that never lead anywhere.

My purpose in life is to be the person that gets shit done. I don't just want to become successful; I want to do what you can't, and then I want to rub it in your face so that you might feel some inclination to actually get something accomplished.ISFP? I thought cr1tikal was an INTPGood point. I was just thinking about how intelligent he appears to be and how strange he is as a person. Both of them are stereotypes though, so it was just a simple conjecture.

I have an INTP friend who jokes about stuff like that all the time, which isn't necessarily a sufficient argument against him being an INTP.The online tests really are inaccurate. I have been typed as all four of the NT types in the past, and thought I was an ENTP until I finally decided to do more research on the functions.My last long term relationship was with an ESTP.

Before that, I was with an INTP for about 2 years.

None of these relationships had any major problems; I ended both of them because I lost feelings. Each time it seemed extremely sudden to the other person.I'm a straight guy. Both of them were women.Me: ENTJ

Dad: ENTP

Stepmother: ESTJ

Mother: ENFP

Stepfather: INTP

Grandfather: ISTJ

Late Grandmother: ISFJ

Most of my family members are thinkers, with the exception of my mother and late grandmother. Me and my stepmother are the only Te-doms in the family, and we have a tendency to clash with everyone else.

My dad gets along with everyone.r/intj is full of mistyped people who say that they are INTJs because that type is associated with intelligence. I'm sure that at least a third of that entire subreddit is made up of mistyped IxTx types.

INFJs are the same way. They're the rarest type, and people like to think that they are one because they are special.

INTJs that I have met in real life (actual INTJs) are usually quiet and sometimes critical, but are pretty easygoing as people.

Ni seems to be very focused on understanding, while Si uses the past as a guide. This means that the former is much more pragmatic than the latter. Ni users seem to be more focused on why people think the way that they do than Si.Yeah, you're right. I was talking out of my ass a little on that last part. I still stand firm on the first three statements that I made, however.

Every single study that I have read says that INFJs are either the rarest or second rarest type. These "biased" studies are the only method that we have to find out the type distribution among the general population.&gt;My lifelong question to myself has always been "why do people believe what they do?" I've pondered that for as long as I can remember and consider it just an ongoing lifelong project. I think of it exactly as wanting to understand others, so your characterization rings spot on to me. In fact I've never heard anyone come out and phrase it so directly, yet those exact words have been in my head forever.

This is how I imagine that most Ni-dom or Ni-aux users are.

I want to understand the world around me so that I can manipulate it to suit my own needs. This is why I feel such an intrinsic need to understand certain things to a level of depth that others find unnecessary; I want to understand people and systems so that I can use them to fulfill an intended purpose.

&gt;I imagine this is more individual specific, but for what its worth, every ISTJ I've known doesn't care so much about understanding others but about efficiently getting what they want.

This is a major issue that I have with some ISTJs. My grandfather is an ISTJ, and we tend to clash a lot when it comes to this. I care about getting what I want, but I use my understanding of people and systems as a guide. 

My grandfather uses his own personal experiences as evidence for many of his judgments, and I often disagree with him for this reason. He tries to give me advice on how to do things, but I usually disagree with him because it is based on his own experiences and his conclusions do not seem to account for additional factors that cause my situations to differ from his.

&gt;INTJs constantly strive to re-think themselves and to try and better the people they care about (often to their chagrin) via constructive criticism (that would prompt them to rethink themselves, etc). In that sense INTJs are conceptually more flexible and ISTJs more rigid.

That is what I meant by "Ni is more pragmatic than Si," but this is a much better way to get that message across.

&gt;Yet ISTJs seem to have few qualms about fulfilling societal duties INTJs would hate to be responsible for, hence ISTJs could be characterized as more flexible in that regard, etc. Each is sort of pragmatic (Te) in their own way.

I don't like having to take care of societal duties unless they serve a purpose. In fact, I was a huge procrastinator in high school because I was placed in classes that were below my ability and knew that much of the work assigned to me wouldn't teach me anything substantial. I understood the material, but I only kept my grades high enough to qualify for the scholarships that I needed for college. 

&gt;I want a partner with shared meta-values whereas the ISTJ just wants shared regular-values.

Me too. People often get the impression that they have a lot in common with me because we believe many of the same things, but I usually find a key difference in the way that we think that prevents me from feeling the same way. I think that this is where the "high standards" NTJ stereotype comes from.Yeah, that's why I never go there.Ask people to hang out. It's what I do. I make as many friends as possible, and  a lot of my acquaintances become friends later on and ask me to go to parties and shit. It used to feel really awkward, but now it doesn't.


My weekends are always so much fun.70% on right brain, 80% on people watchingThis is not Ni. On top of that, this is also not hindsight, it is in fact foresight. I'm not even sure if I can relate this type of thinking to a function.What is up with everybody here overtyping people as INFJs?If it helps you, I can tell you that I used to have very similar mistypes until I did more research on the functions. I kept getting typed as each of the four rationalist types. Keys2cognition typed me as an INTJ because my Fe is slightly weaker than  my Si. Most other tests would type me as an ENTP or ENTJ.

My tritype is 835. I'm not a 6.My room is a mess right now because I'm never at the house and I just throw my clothes wherever. Right now it smells like smoke because I've been to like 3 parties in the past week and haven't washed my clothes yet. My room is like a storage space.

I don't decorate my room.Continue to do what I want until my parents find me.&gt;N's are always half awake with daydreaming

This is normal?I mean, I daydream and space out a lot, but I don't just picture things like a lot of other types seem to. They seem to be loosely related to reality to some degree. I just don't seem to be as creative as most intuitives are, however.

I visualize and fantasize about things that I want, and what it will take for me to get them. I also picture what would happen if I took particular courses of action (ex. trying to get my ex back by apologizing to her), how an opportunity for this may arise (ex. bumping into her in public), and consequences that may arise as a result of doing so (ex. we have matured since then and will be fine together, I will once again realize why I wanted to break up with her, she decides that she doesn't really want me anymore, etc.).

Everything I think about is somewhat based on reality, even when I extrapolate from it based around an abstract theory that I have been presented with or created myself. I will create rules and principles that seem to reflect reality in my head. These are very hard to get across to other people, and I seem to make a lot of connections that other people don't.

On the darker side of this, I often picture what it would be like to commit crimes and what procedures I could use to get away with them. I rarely act upon them, however, but I have given friends advice to do very questionable things in the past.

This is what happens when I "space out." I feel somewhat detached from reality, but something tells me that I'm not.Social status is a measure of your position within society. There are people on the upper end socially and economically.

I care about my social status. I see myself as being on the upper end of both spectrums.

I live in a small town where pretty much everybody knows who I am, and some of my best friends are considered to be extremely popular. I get invited to parties almost every weekend. It seems as if I never run out of things to do and people to hang out with.

I live with my grandfather, but I also have two sets of parents who are acquainted with many people on the upper end of wealth. My mother is a competitive body sculptor, my dad is an airplane mechanic, my stepmother is a corporate attorney for several very large restaurant chains, and my stepfather makes over 200k a year as a corporate banker. I've met many people on the upper end of the corporate ladder (law firm heads, foreign ambassadors), and my family has enough money to travel about a dozen times a year.

I also have a very good reputation at my university. It seems as if most of the teachers there have been made aware of who I am in the short time that I have been enrolled.

I care about my social status simply as a means to an end. I also enjoy having things to do besides read, play video games, and do other things that I consider to be "low-profile".

Socializing is, however, very shallow for the most part. You meet people based on shared interests, viewpoints, and lifestyles. I rarely meet people who I share a deep connection with. Sometimes I feel as if I socialize to relive boredom at times.Don't trust tests. Read about how people describe their functions and about how each function manifests based on its position in your stacking.

https://www.google.com/amp/thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/amp/?client=ms-android-uscellular-us

I always test as an ENTJ on tests, but I have good use of my Se and Fi, and very good use of my Te and Ni (but my Te is by far my strongest function). The fact that yours is "unused" makes me believe that you may be an Si user. My Ne is also "average". However, back when I was younger and didn't understand the functions, I would flip back and forth between ENTP and INTJ.

In times of extreme stress, the Fi comes out. I can become extremely irrational and do things that I normally wouldnt, say things I wouldn't normally say, and do things I wouldn't normally do. I would often scream, throw fits, before becoming level-headed enough to think my way through my problems.

I have no doubt in my mind that I am an ENTJ. I just took this test, and these are my results:


extraverted Sensing (Se) 	******************************  (31)
good use

introverted Sensing (Si) 	*********************  (21)
limited use

extraverted Intuiting (Ne) 	***********************  (23.2)
limited use

introverted Intuiting (Ni) 	***************************************  (39.9)
excellent use

extraverted Thinking (Te) 	*******************************************************  (55.3)
excellent use

introverted Thinking (Ti) 	************************  (24.2)
average use

extraverted Feeling (Fe) 	***********  (11.6)
unused

introverted Feeling (Fi) 	*********************************  (33)
good useWhat are you exactly? All I get from reading your posts is that you are a simple minded idiot.

At my age, there's not much higher that you can get unless you're born into an extremely wealthy family or become a celebrity yourself.You are taking shit to someone who you know nothing about. I don't even remember anything about you. I just know you as "that stupid ISFP who doesn't know how to type a coherent sentence with proper punctuation."

Intellectual prodigy? I can't imagine those words coming out of my mouth, and if they did then I was probably in one of my "on top of the world" moods. Hardly something to be taken seriously.

You failed to answer my question. What are you?

You're trying to downplay the life of a complete stranger who you know nothing about in real life, using a lot of cliche phrases and doing pretty poorly."Bragger"? I haven't used that word since I was like seven. On second thought, are you a little kid? It would explain a lot.

I don't even take people here seriously enough to have an opinion of them.

Sometimes, though, I find myself sorting through posts on this forum and read some extremely unintelligent, inaccurate post that displays zero understanding of the theory that this subreddit is based around and can you guess what it is that I just read? 

It's usually something that you wrote. They get downvoted to hell a lot of the time, too.

That's the only reason why I recognize your name.

You still didn't answer my question. What are you?If that were the case then we would only have 8 types.Because each of the 16 types share the same exact functions as one other type.

xNTJs have all of the same functions (Ni, Te, Se, and Fi), but in a different order. INTJs shouldn't have Si in their stack; it's one of their shadow functions.

If you mean something else then let me know, because I don't have a very good understanding of the functions beyond the first four (except for the PoLR).Okay, I see what you're saying. These tests just show you what functions that you actually use, but not the specific order.

Based on this reasoning, this test would show me that I could be an xNTJ or an xSFP.

That seems fair enough, since this test is much more sensitive than people seem to think.You sound like an ENTJ. You have many of the same personality traits as I do (like the fear of losing control of oneself, lack of trust in people who can't get their shit together, satisfaction when you right about things, etc.). 

I'm also a university student in a similar position as you are. I'm a Petroleum Engineering major who is extremely bored of my classes. While I am still on top of things, I spend a lot of time at the gym and finding other ways to procrastinate. My classes don't introduce me to anything new, and it doesn't take much to get caught back up if I fall behind.

In Jungian terms, I can tell that you are a very strong Te user. You seem to favor a cause-and-effect style of handling problems, which I believe hints towards a Te-Ni style of thinking. I'm not sure if this is completely accurate, but the amount of similarity I see between our personalities is undeniable.

Just like you, I give the impression of being very mature and put-together but feel as if I am a complete trainwreck. I assume that this is an effect of inferior Fi. I have moments where I become extremely turbulent and lash out at people in a way that is almost barbaric. I always feel bad and apologize afterwards.

&gt;Sort of like a bunch of dots connecting between shit that you didn't think meant anything until my gut connects it

This is a sign of a strong Ni user.

Although I have a question for you: why is it that you don't like connecting with people?Agreed. We suck.Hand-Raiser

86% Rational 

71% Extroverted

43% Brutal

43% ArrogantI make friends because I go to school, work with them, or through other friends. Since I don't connect with most people emotionally, I have many acquaintances (many of which consider me to be a friend) but very few people who I would call my friends. My closest friends are typically NT or SP types, although my current girlfriend is an ENFP.

I usually make friends through humor and/or charm. My behavior can range from being very mature and friendly to being a cocky, arrogant ass. Sometimes I make people laugh, and sometimes the things I say cause me to recieve a lot of shocked reactions (and sometimes a mix of both).

I also have friends that I have long term plans with. An ENFJ, ISTJ, ESFP, INTP, and I are all working towards six-figure jobs in college and plan to pool our money together years down the road in order to start a business. Although we are still in the idea-generating process at the moment, we've all been set on this idea for a couple years now.

Based on the way ENTJs generally seem to be, I assume that they make friends in a similar manner.Gonna go with ISFP here.I got 4D as well, but the description isn't necessarily in line with many of my other choices.INTJ - Warlock

ENTJ - Warlord*Checks OP's flair*

ISFP.When I'm in need...ENTJs - Some of the most hypocritical, underhanded, Machiavellian, and emotionally vacant people you will ever meet. Ironically, they relish in calling people out for demonstrating the same manipulative behaviors that they engage in on a regular basis (and are equally obvious about). For this reason, they tend to hate people who are much like them.

They are very condescending of most people, and draw confidence from the feeling that they are better than everyone else; will typically befriend weaker personalities and be more submissive towards stronger ones. Expect them to kiss your ass if you are better than them at something.   No. Your zodiac sign is purely based on the time of year that you happened to be born in, while MBTI/socionics has to do with the way that you behave and perceive the world around you. This is why I hate it when people liken MBTI to as astrology; one is drawn from pure coincidence, and the other is drawn from evidence."Daylight" by Aesop Rock really speaks to me.

https://www.google.com/amp/genius.com/amp/Aesop-rock-daylight-lyrics  I know what you're talking about, and it greatly resembles ass-kissing to other people hahaHexaco - http://hexaco.org/No idea. I found out just recently that I am an INTP, but I thought that I was an ENTJ for a very long time. I posted several questionnaires on this subreddit it and other mbti sites, and they all told me that I was every other NT type except for my actual type. People here also told me that they thought I was an ESTP pretty frequently as well.

Not a single person said that they thought I was an INTP except for a couple people who I am very close to in real life (they told me the description didn't fit me perfectly, but it was close).

I think the reason for this can be illustrated with my enneagram type. I'm an INTP 8w7, which is almost unheard of for people of this type. I behave very differently than the other INTPs that I know, and I'm not afraid of being loud and confrontational. On top of that, I'm not very reserved, either (but I was when I was younger). It's just that I am selectively social, and very few people get to know the real me (most of my "friends" get to see the facade that I put on for most people).

I break about 90% of the stereotypes for INTP, but I now have no doubt in my mind that I am one. I'm good at typing other people (I've never been wrong when I've assumed someone's type before having them take the test), and I'm pretty confident that I can guess the type of any other person I know within one letter.I don't know. As far as type descriptions go, the INTP description fits me best. My tritype is either 864 or 684. Either way, it doesn't seem typical of INTPs to have that tritype. keys2cognition says I'm an xNTJ and 25quiz says I'm an INTP.Sounds like an xNTJ of some kind. I have a lot of common ground with this character, especially when it comes to the "being friendly but keep people at a distance." I have plenty of people who know me and have known me for years, but we can be acquainted with each other for years and you may never really understand me.

It irritates me so much when people beat around the bush. If I want something from you, I will tell you unless I don't think you will handle it the way you should. Sugar-coated statements and roundabout explanations piss me off, a lot. Whenever this happens I get really impatient and I might even tell people to stop talking and just tell me what I should do about it.

When I really want something, I have a tendency to act before I think. My friends have called me impulsive on a few occasions, but I am well-aware of the potential backlash of my actions whenever I make a move. Almost everything I do has some sort of calculated risk involved, but every once in a while I make a poor decision because I let my emotions get in the way.

For #1, it's not really about logic for ENTJs. Not everything they do is based on reasoning, and they are prone to act upon their own internalized moral compass of right and wrong. 

I have very good improvisational skills as well. It seems to be a combination of dominant Te and tertiary Se. 

ENTJs are prone to creating judgments of people they just meet as well. The way you act around me at first will always have a strong impact on how I see you in the future, to a certain extent.Why are you indecisive about your typeMany ENTPs have well developed Fe. Being concerned with consensus is a sign of Fe usage. If you believe you self to have a thinking ego then it is likely that you are one. 

Fe is the INTJs polr function (the one they never use). INTJs tend to be very idiosyncratic, and see many generally accepted behaviors and beliefs as stupid at times. As a result, many of them adopt behaviors that are justified  from their point of view, but not from others.

What you refer to as tertiary Ni sounds to me like Si.

The last section, where you say that you are very aware of other people's intentions and motivations sounds like you have strong N.

ENTP is my guess.I've had something going on with an intelligent ESTP for about two years now (top 10 in her high school class, 28 ACT, holding a 3.8 in college so far). We dated for five months, but still hook up frequently and talk to each other and lot. We have a closer bond with each other than anyone else and share a lot of similar experiences and views on the world.

We've both stayed single for a while now, but still love each other. The thing is that neither of us are looking for a relationship, which actually makes it a lot easier for both of us. Calling it a friends with benefits relationship downplays the connection that we have. She is the kind of person who is great to have around, but not be in a relationship with.

The thing with ESTPs is that their vivacious personalities can be very offputting to most rationalist types. I'm much more vocal and assertive than my rationalist friends, as well as much more grounded. Some of the aspects of the "party animal" stereotypes apply to her, but not many. A lot of people know who I am because of her as well as well as past relationships, despite the fact that I don't bother trying to make friends. 

The issue with keeping ESTPs under control is to be assertive yourself. It varies from person to person, but if something is important to you then it is in your best interests to make it clear to the ESTP. Weaker personalities should stay away from the ESTP or else they will likely get walked all over. They also have to like you. An ESTP that doesn't want to listen to you will not.

If you are important to the ESTP, then they will show you that they care. From what I've gathered, only a select few people really get to know them on a deeper level. ESTPs hide much of themselves from people. If they don't act like they care, then they probably don't.When I looked at the title of this post, I thought you were talking about what the author of "Confessions of a Sociopath" M.E. Thomas refers to as "emotional empathy" vs "cognitive empathy." This doesn't seem to be the case, but I still recommend looking into this as well because it is an interesting concept.

However, a distinction can be drawn between Fe and Fi. Fi is self-centered (not selfish) in the sense that it is rooted in the self, while Fe is drawn from their environment (just like every function with an extroverted attitude). Fi users will cry because they are sad or because they can empathize with another person's situation, while Fe users cry because people around them are sad.

Fe users are the kind of people who will cry at a funeral, whether they knew the person that passed away well or not. Fi users are the ones who will either cry along with everybody else or will get irritated that people are crying over someone they barely even knew. I asked a girl who knows me very well to come up with one word to describe me, and she responded with "independent." I asked her for four more, which were "complex," "mysterious," "goofy," and "driven."Note: My parents got a divorce when I was four years old. I had to witness a lot of the fighting firsthand. I spent my early childhood going from place to place, and at one point my mom took me away from my dad and hid me in New York for over a year, while simultaneously running up exorbitant amounts of credit card charges. I just found out about this recently.

**Child**: Dreamy, guarded, intelligent (I was many grade levels ahead of my peers in academic proficiency when I was little), rebellious, abrasive, goofy (around the right crowds), academically talented.

**Tween**: Arrogant, quiet, judgmental, cynical, confrontational, and intelligent (although a little pretentious), and somewhat nerdy.

**Teen**: Quiet, awkward, intelligent but lazy, unmotivated, depressed (I was recently kicked out of my house and lost all of my friends).

**Adult/Late Teens** (I am now 19): Confident, driven, charismatic, assertive, somewhat moody, thoughtful, deep, intelligent, quiet, serious (around those I do not like or know very well), goofy around those I like, strong, unwavering.It depends on who I am around. There are groups of people whom I feel no common ground with and will thus be very quiet around, and others where I am so loud that I don't even seem like my type.You sound like an ISTJ.ENTJ: Lying, bending facts, hiding information.

ENTP: Downplaying events, concealing important details, emotional manipulation, making up scenarios.&gt;r9k denizens

It's funny that you mention this. The people on that board seem way too neurotic and unstable to fit into any particular type. I'm pretty sure that they only fall into that type because they are unmotivated, pretentious (generally), reserved, and insecure.Pictures of my friends, me with dogs, me with girls, and also pictures of my family.You're right.The most pretentious kind of moron on the internet. Notice how he awkwardly tries to force a better word choice into his responses in order to give the illusion of having a higher level of education and the result is just very forced and contrived."Why do you never let anybody in? People care about you and want to get to know you, but for some reason you don't seem to believe that. You seem to believe that you're misunderstood, but I just think that is because you don't trust people; you don't want people to understand you because you are afraid of what they may do to you." -ESTP ex


The part of this that took me aback is that it was true. I trust very few people, and rarely share anything about myself that could lead people to develop the wrong impression of me. There are times when I let people in, but they never seem to really understand me; just what lies at the surface. I don't share much about myself because I am so fundamentally different than other people, and I'm well aware of it. You strike me as an INFP.INTJKillua is definitely not an introvert.Isn't Ne heavily based on perspectives? A true INTP should have a few good guesses why this post would be made.Explain why.It's autism. I'm afraid it's fatal. You will die within the next month.I dont agree with you at all. Most people who try to type anime characters use typical Shonen and drama shows. There are plenty of ENFPs in anime. People just like to use the "they're outgoing and weird" heuristic for protagonists as a way to type people, which leads to a lot of bad ENFP typings.

Kamina from TTGL is an ENFP, and so is Misaki from Sakurasou no pet na Kanojo. I can't name very many off of the top of my head, but you won't find very many ENFPs in anime that follows a normal story-driven plot. If you get into other genres, like romcoms and slice-of-life anime then you will see a lot more of them.What is your reasoning

EDIT: Just realized I said I'm pretty sure I'm an extrovert at the beginning of this post. I meant to say introvert.I don't know what I wrote that gave you that impression, but that isn't even close to what I am.On second thought, you're actually right. The other girl I mentioned is a definite ENFP, however.INTJ. My post is heavily filtered around the fact that I am in a state of mind where I believe I'm searching for my place in the world. I've made several posts but they seem to give off different vibes as far as types go. Usually people guess xNTJ, but that didn't happen this time.http://personality-testing.info/tests/O4TS/results.php?C=3.6&amp;P=2.4&amp;M=1.3&amp;S=2No, but I can see why people seem to think so based on the buzzwords in it (ex. hands on). Apparently I tried so hard to avoid using any words that would be indicative of my type that I ended up coming off as a different type entirely, so trying that was a mistake.

My my type is INTJ if you look through my post history. INTJKeys2cognition is mentioned frequently on this site, but the biggest issue with the test is that the questions allude to some of the background information behind the theory. A lot of the questions can be interpreted in several different ways to someone uneducated in MBTI, because they are clearly written with the source material in mind.ENTP. How do you fucking talk so much but say and do so little? Maybe it's a good thing that you are the most introverted of the extroverts, because you fucking annoy everyone else to death. Not everything you say, do, or want to talk about is as interesting as you think.

My least favorite professor is one of you. At first he seemed pretty cool, but as time went on he has proven himself to be the most pretentious, blowhard faggot on the face of the earth. I don't need you to go on a tangent for 15 minutes about something else entirely when I ask you how to align AutoCAD gears in 3D, something that would otherwise take less than a minute, but you thought it was much more suitable to explain to me the importance of understanding how to use outdated software in case we need it.

Today in class I asked him if the printer worked, and he told me that he had to check. Instead of checking, he went around the class several times over, giving people convoluted explanations to simple questions that seemed to serve no purpose except for him to parade how smart he thinks he is. He completely forgot to check if his printer worked, and left the class 30 minutes early while I sat in there like an idiot and found out that his printer didn't work anyway by caving in and checking it myself.

He sure made the time to make jokes about sex and drinking to some random girl in our class, but not to do his fucking job. Are all of you like this? Out of all the "rationalist" types, you certainly seem to take the cake of being the least rational, only being one step above the typical ENFP in this aspect. You're all pretentious, and on top of that you don't even realize how adept you are at doing nothing but wasting everyone's time.

/rant over.   As an INTJ, my only takeaway from this is that you think we're all mistyped. I was hoping for you to bore into us.Edit: *us

I walked into that one.&gt;confusing sarcasm

I can't explain this without sounding like an arrogant ass, so I won't. Our sarcasm isn't confusing if you know us well; it's heavily based on satire.&gt;how do i avoid coming off as fake?

Asking people for guidance on how to tweak your personality so that you don't come off as fake isn't the best way to start.Is it whiteDiplomacy is not genuine; it is actually a form of patronizing.Hello, INTJ 8w7 here. I'm not sure you're actually an INTJ, and if you're not out of high school yet then I think it's time to tone it down a little because you are going to end up severing your carotid artery with all this edge. 

It sounds like you are imitating the role of some INTJ villain in a TV show, not like someone who genuinely has mental issues.

&gt;You are probably inferior to me in every aspect

Obviously not in the self-awareness department. A Ni user should know their place in the world better than anyone, and realize how stupid and unrealistic this vision for the future is almost immediately.

&gt;What do you think?

About what? You never asked a question until you got to the postscript.

I think you forgot the part where you let us know that you're a Navy Seal and have 300 confirmed kills. I think it's time to see a tailor and loosen the stitching on your fedora, because it's on really tight.Have you just been "trying" to do it or actually succeeding? Girls cry about shit all the time; it doesn't mean that you're some sort of master manipulator who could drive someone to suicide at the drop of a hat, but it's very possible that you think that since narcissism and megalomania go hand in hand.

If you have driven someone to suicide because of the things you have said, then the self-absorbed garbage that you just posted might have some credibility. Otherwise, it's very likely that you're just hilariously delusional. Plenty of INTJs think they're incredible manipulators, even though they're nowhere close.

&gt;I've been emotionally feeding off of past relationships

Plenty of people unwittingly do this; you're not special because of it. "I'm better than x" or "x really fell apart after we broke up" is something you hear all the time.

If you have done the research (read Jung's work, etc.), then I'm not in a position to say otherwise.

&gt;Tell me more about how you know more about my life than I do

I don't think I even have to address the stupidity of this statement. I can tell that you're probably a little irritated that someone on the internet challenged a belief of yours, my little mastermind.

You probably shouldn't say these things in public because most people in your immediate vicinity (especially if you work in a field where people who are actually intelligent work in) will just laugh at you. If you're actually a narcissist, then the resulting embarrassment might be too much for your fragile little ego.The intention could be genuine, or it could be used as a manipulation tool.Obviously, but why should anyone trust a random stranger who suddenly wants to know everything about them? Friendships are born out of common interest, and one-sided relationships don't last. If someone was suddenly immensely curious about me, then I would probably be pretty passive towards it.

It's possible that the people who accuse "OP" of being fake are doing it out of jealousy or because they are just so different. The fact that OP is willing to change his behavior in order to get people to like him and avoid thinking he's fake seems pretty insincere. Why should OP care?

ENFJs typically talk to people whenever they want something from them; otherwise, they tend to act is if you're a bit of a nuisance. Coupled with their dominant Fe, they generally tend to be considered manipulative.

In all honesty, OP sounds more like an ENFP, which I have dated in the past. It's very possible that he just comes off as fake because he wants to be involved in everything, and is likely friends with people who have clashing/conflicting personalities.Introversion, coupled with Ti. I have a tendency to think out loud sometimes, speaking and coming up with explanations that eventually lead me to results. Ti users seem to be very reserved about their thought processes, and whenever I talk to Te users that doesn't seem to be the case at all.

"Thinking out loud vs. internally" seems to be the biggest indicator of whether or not a person uses Ti or Te.This is mine. I don't know how accurately it reflects my type. The Moon was 1% lower than this one.
________________

The Emperor
 
Only courage in the face of doubt can lead one to the answer..."

Emperor symbolizes the desire to control one's surroundings, and its appearance could suggest that one is trying too hard to achieve this, possibly causing trouble for others; some elements in life are just not controllable.

Often times, you are troubled by something very personal, and doesn't know how to deal with it.
___________________The perfect person does not exist. People who fantasize about the idea of "the one" or "that one person" does not understand how comfort and rapport is built among people, and how much we really leave up to chance. It's likely that you will meet someone with as high of a sex drive as you that you share **enough** of a mental connection with and eventually marry them.

You find a person who has potential and they become the perfect person.

Based on the way your post is constructed it seems like you place sex as a high priority, so find someone else who does too. Primal wants and desires are a part of "mental connection."Do everything you're told without question.In a way you are being fake by trying to come off as more approachable to others. Although not necessarily harmful (especially if you're not intentionally doing it to manipulate people to build trust), it can easily be misinterpreted by other people.

People also see being quiet as a sign that you're trying to hide something, which is fucking retarded but that's just how most people seem to think. The idea that you might just be anxious or awkward in social situations isn't something that crosses their mind.

All I can say is that if you know how you are on the inside, the way that you're percieved by others is irrelevant. If you are nervous about it however, you can always subtly comment about how you're a bit awkward around people.\&gt;Anxious, "awkward" \(same thing\) people ARE hiding something.

This doesn't mean it's inherently something bad. It's not what you would say "accurate," to some degree you use all of the functions. These tests are all about preferences, but if you look around you they can still accurately reflect reality to some degree.

I tested as ENTJ on that particular test (although I have tested as INTJ) on a couple occasions. I have also asked friends to read articles like this and share their own insight to see how well they reflect on me. 

Due to childhood stress and a continuous effort to work on my inferior function (even before knowing about MBTI), I test pretty well in Fi as well, although I still relate to the descriptions of inferior Fi as well.

Te, however, is the strongest of my functions by far. The last time I took that test my score on Te was about 72 points. I look at nearly everything (any particular philosophy, secondhand knowledge, or another person's insight) in terms of how it will help down the road in my life.

Socionics and the Big 5 are considered to be more credible, however. If youre interested in having a metric to understand yourself a little better, look into those.

People with a limited amount of experience with you will often assume you're mistyped. In many situations, this may not be the case as different people also have much different writing styles which will affect their perception of you.Do you know your enneagram type?**1.Is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions? For example, a stressful time, mental illness, medications, special life circumstances? Other useful information includes sex, age, and current state of mind.**

The only thing that might affect the way that I can think of off of the top of my head would be that I'm 18 years old. Apparently, most people are still in the midst of developing their dominant function at this age. I don't know the extent of which this will influence how I answer the questions.

**2.Click on this link: Flickr: Explore! Look at the random photo for about 30 seconds. Copy and paste it here, and write about your impression of it. https://www.flickr.com/photos/hipydeus/29013898404/in/explore-2016-09-12/**

I see a view of several mountains that is taken from either an aerial vehicle or the top of another mountain. This photo appears to have been taken in the middle of the afternoon. Some of the sunlight is blocked by the mountains, and there are large shadows across the landscape as a result. The sky is pretty clear, as there is only one medium-sized cloud visible.

**3.You are with a group of people in a car, heading to a different town to see your favourite band/artist/musician. Suddenly, the car breaks down for an unknown reason in the middle of nowhere. What are your initial thoughts? What are your outward reactions?**

I'd probably start off by giving a massive sigh and pulling over to the side of the road, then come up with a plan to get everything taken care of. I'd get a couple people to hitch a ride with me if there are no towns or auto shops within walking distance. We would have a few people stay to watch the car. Once we make it to town, I would get some help, get our car to an impound lot, and then take a rental car to the concert. I'd get the car fixed afterwards. I usually come up with this sort of solution on the spot.

**4.You somehow make it to the concert. The driver wants to go to the afterparty that was announced (and assure you they won't drink so they can drive back later). How do you feel about this party? What do you do?**

I would go there and get a little buzzed, but with plenty of time to sober up enough to drive in case our driver doesn't follow through on his promise, which there is a good chance that he won't. Assuming that these avenues are covered, I don't have a problem with the party and would be fine with going to it. I would try to talk to some people that I don't know too.

**5.On the drive back, your friends are talking. A friend makes a claim that clashes with your current beliefs. What is your inward reaction? What do you outwardly say?**

"Why do you think/feel/believe that?"

I would listen to their answer and try to wrap my head around their line of reasoning for believing what they do. If I agree with them, then I may adjust my beliefs so that it fits this new perspective. If I don't agree with them, I would come up with circumstances in which their beliefs are flawed or simply pretend to agree if I believe that debating it will cause an unnecessary amount of conflict between me and him/her.

**6.What would you do if you actually saw/experienced something that clashes with your previous beliefs, experiences, and habits?**

I would start off by putting this experience into perspective by figuring out what caused it and which aspects of it conflict with my beliefs. Then, I would see if I can maintain the core of my previous belief by deciding that there were extenuating circumstances behind this occurrence or changing one specific nuance of this belief.

**7.What are some of your most important values? How did you come about determining them? How can they change?**

* Stay connected. You can't get where you want to be in life all by yourself, and having influential people on your side can give you advantages that your intelligence alone will not. I've missed out on many opportunities by shutting myself off from other people out of what used to be my fear of change.
* Don't let yourself become too involved and make too many commitments. Every resource that you have is valuable, and putting it to the best use will allow you to get the most of your life. I've made commitments in the past on the spur of the moment that have caused me to fall behind on other responsibilities.
* Don't over-commit to one aspect of your life. Tunnel vision will cause you to miss out on other opportunities that can be life-changing.

**8.a) What about your personality most distinguishes you from everyone else?**

Everything. I very rarely meet people that are like me. People seem to get very different impressions of me depending on how I meet them or feel about them. People see me as very intelligent (I've been called gifted/a genius on many occasions), funny, and put together. Some people seem to think that I'm just an asshole from time to time, but it's usually because they just get the wrong impression from me. I can come off as very arrogant.

**b) If you could change one thing about you personality, what would it be? Why?**

I would like to be more sympathetic to other people. Many people have been turned off by my abrasiveness and/or insensitivity. Expressing genuine feelings for me is difficult, and sometimes I can come off as very awkward when I express them.

**9.How do you treat hunches or gut feelings? In what situations are they most often triggered?**

I back them up with facts. If I find some proof that gives me reason to trust a gut feeling or hunch, then I will accept it as truth. This seems to give people the impression that I'm extremely intelligent, since I seem to just understand things from making connections that others don't.

**10.a) What activities energize you most?**

Good conversation with interesting people or physical activities. Meeting people and discussing ideas with them is very interesting to me. I also enjoy to take part in physical activities, and in the past I've played sports and I'm currently doing MMA. 

**b) What activities drain you most? Why?**

Inactivity. When I find myself doing nothing, I get really restless. I feel as if I should be doing more.

**11.What do you repress about your outward behavior or internal thought process when around others? Why?**

My opinions/general bluntness. When I get too argumentative or vocal, I get a lot of defeated expressions. I have learned that I have to hold back on most people, since it takes an uncommon type of person to appreciate my insights and accept new ideas. I have also had to learn that my reasoning is not as bulletproof as I once thought. Not everything is dictated by pure logic, but logical reasoning can be tweaked in order to account for the feelings of others.I am a 19 year old ENTJ 3w4 (385 tritype), and few of my closest friends have recently described me as "impulsive." Although I'm normally pretty responsible when it comes to my work (4.0 gpa in college, engineering major), I'm very irresponsible in my personal life. Sometimes I wonder if I behave more like an ESTP than an ENTJ.

I make a lot of bad decisions that go against my better judgment simply because they seem like they would be more fun. I've broken up with girls that are really dedicated to me because I don't see myself being with them long-term. I talk to and hook up with girls who I really shouldn't, and go to parties much more than I used to. Something in the back of my mind tells me that I shouldn't do these things, but another part of me wants the experience and enjoys the thrill of engaging in these behaviors because I didn't have them when I was little (I was somewhat neurotic as a child after moving from town to town following my parents early divorce, and lived with an overbearing stepmother). 

Another part of me hates the way that I'm acting, and that's the part of me that keeps me organized and structured. I think it's my Te and Ni axis conflicting with my Se. I feel as if my Se is becoming much more developed as of late, which would explain my sudden urge to become more social and the lack of importance I put on my own judgment and instincts.

Does anybody have an explanation for this?Title is self-explanatory. Here are my guesses:


Gon - ESFP

Killua - ESTP

Leorio - ESFJ

Kurapika - ISTJ

Hisoka - ISTP

Meruem - ENTJ

Bomber - ESTJ

Chrollo - xNTJ

Biscuit - ENTP

Illumi - ISTJ

Ging - IxTP

Neferpitou- ENFP
