Don't do that, lmao.No data for me? ):
Too bad.  I think we balance each other out better than any other pairing.  But it takes a lot of wisdom to see that the differences are the best thing that can happen to us.  :-)
(Happily married to an INTP for 7 years.)So sorry to hear about their divorce!
Even if I could do it all over again and my husband didn't exist the second time around, I'd find another INTP - if that makes any sense. Gives me a sense of balance and logic and stability I never knew I could have. Awakens my Ne interests, and gives me wisdom and purpose. I love him.  &lt;3Eh, we definitely cater to others (You're the INTP, right?) but it's because you become our passion.  So it's not to be nice.  It's a legitimate happiness.  
My husband, for instance, was interested in anime.  I was not.  However, because I loved him so much, I decided to give it a try. Now *I* am the one showing up at conventions decked out in costumes.  It became my own - like a brainwashing.  :-P  But I totally own it and love it.  I feel like we are adaptable enough to truly own all your interests and never feel a moment's regret for choosing to join you in them.
But yes, we need commitment.  &lt;3Yeah, I bet you were projecting.  From my own perspective, all I want to be is loved and loving to someone else.  :-)  Everything else is secondary.I flit all over Reddit randomly, but I post the most in the MBTI forum with my MB humor blog posts.  :-)

Hello!  :-)Reddit is not "friendly" to ESFJ users.  It isn't personal or intimate.  It is cut and dry and efficient. Also, if you post on the wrong subreddit, you get ripped alive.  This is intimidating to ESFJs.
Plus, ESFJs on the whole (although this doesn't fit with me personally) prefer in-person communication to online, so you'll always see far fewer of them with an online presence.
I married an INTP, and was raised by intuitives.  Plus I'm an author. For me, the computer is my best friend. But this is extremely rare among ESFJs.Sorry, I *am* ESFJ.  Should've begun with that.  ;-)You're completely right.  - an ESFJ  ;-)That's so cute!  I need to meet him.  :-P
*cough* I might have done the same. *cough*We just wish we were ENFJs.  :-P  Haha.  Nah, there are great things about being a sensor too.  ;-)  - ESFJBelieve it or not, I think INFJs frequent Facebook the most.  They're supposedly so rare, and yet I think that half of my friends list are INFJs.
But it could be that I friend a ton of other authors, and INFJs make up like 90% of authors.  :-PHaha.  Possibly.  ;-)
Authors heavily use Facebook for advertising platforms, so the INFJ and INTJ authors are taking it over.  ;-)I don't.  But I hear that's what my type is generally like.  ;-)

What a smartie.  I should've known.  ;-)Thank you, muon42! I appreciate this!  *thumbs up*I posted something admitting my deep love for INTPs.  :-P  ESFJ here.  :-DHaha.  True. ;-)Haha.I take it you're a TJ?  ;-)I don't, unfortunately.  Just shared it when I came across it.Haha.http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/119280599087/masterpost-mbti-relationship-tips
Aloha. I would probably agree with what I've read that ESFJs prefer instagram, FB, etc. I frequent reddit daily but usually just for the funnies/entertainment. I just came across this subreddit today. 
Yes 🙌I was going to say INTJ because the one I know holds impressive grudges, the likes of which I'd never seen before. It's only anecdotal, but seems to be a popular opinion itt, which makes me weirdly happy. 😮😮😮😮😮Я не понимала что ты писал, прости. "Пизда" - это было первое плохое слово я узнала, по Русски lol. Well apart from блят, конечно. (Sorry for my terrible Russian)Ah I've never heard it like that haha. I could see Ne types having more success in SV than they do typically, but - and this is just a very tiny personal anecdote - out of the SV founders I met over the past 5 years, the Te-Ni vibey one has been by far the most successful. Well hey, welcome and come on in! Favorite characters and their (possible) types? I feel like ENTJ for Hamilton is such an easy cop out, but I can't help it, he seems to fit so well. ISFJ for Burr maybe (talk less, smile more, don't let them know what you stand for)? Angelica might be a ENFJ maybe? What do you think? I'm obsessed and am an SJ! (So is my mom - SJ and obsessed with Hamilton.)You know, it might be the NFPs that jumped on it first. I didn't even hear about it until John Oliver did a segment on Puerto Rico and even then didn't give it a listen until it broke the record for number of Tonys. I could totally see Ne types knowing about it way sooner and being willing to try it, and I could see Fi's really digging into it. Personally I have not been able to get the Te types I know to even give it a try.. I'm like, but this is your guy!! Anyway. Nooo keep going!!! lolI thought of Angelica as a Fe dom (ENFJ) because she reads the people around her so well but I could definitely see other possibilities for her. I feel like lots of types could be attracted to intelligence, but similarly lots of types could successfully read the people around them.. 

As for Burr.. I feel like ESTJs (at least the ones I know) almost can't help themselves with being loud, boisterous and expressive.. even if they knew it would help their career to be more subdued, they wouldn't be able to help it. I feel like an ESTJ motto would be "set your goals and work hard until you get what you want" (my dad was an ESTJ). I feel like an ESTJ would start out boisterous and learn restraint whereas Burr started out restrained but eventually learned to take what he wanted instead of waiting for it. I could see ISTJ for Burr but did originally think ISFJ. But I think your interpretation of him as an ESTJ is really interesting so if you want to talk about it more, I'd definitely read it all! Oh haha I didn't even think about that; I think that graph is looking at salaries.. but I'd maintain that Te still tends to do a bit better in that department even in SV. They're pushy and confident and so even if they don't know the job any better than another type, imo they're more likely to successfully negotiate for a higher salary. And as for founders and CEOs, I think Te also runs their businesses a little more successfully (though other types do well too!). Just my observations. Disclaimer: I'm married to a Te type and live in SV lol. Location too. $100,000+ in CA  =/= $100,000 in, well, most other places. I've had a long long journey with MBTI (I've been into it off and on for about 15 years). I love it for the different insights it gives me into other people, but for some reason I had a hard time using it to give me insights into myself. I think that's because you have to already have insights into yourself before you can type yourself correctly not vice versa. 

Anyway, I thought I was an ESFP then an ENFP and then an INFP and then I was typed here as an ESFJ and for the first time I felt like it fit completely, especially function-wise. I found that if you disregard the SJ stereotypes, it's actually a pretty cool and relatable type haha. I don't usually get involved in type debates because I don't feel like I can truly get a handle on someone's personality over the internet enough to confidently type them, and especially don't want to say anything if my thoughts conflict with what they think they are. (Also I have a deep fear and dislike of being involved in conflict ^ahem ) BUT I do have my opinions and am really glad that other people debate even if I hang back on the sidelines. I always read those discussions like, "Yeah!" [Say No to This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tMf9sx7OUA).. I'm not sure why, I guess I really needed some 90s style slow jam tunes in my life. Anyway, I had it on loop the other day for like an hour straight. Needing to control people and then getting upset when people are uncontrollable. So, I'm not really a typing guru or anything, but... Whenever I suspect anyone of being an ESTP, it's someone who seems really well-dressed even if they're just in a work uniform, someone who seems really coordinated and is well-groomed and attractive, and has a kind of blunt sense of humor... They also NEVER give me so much as a second glance. So it tends to be a case of they-don't-like-me-so-I-don't-like-them kind of dynamic within myself. I'm sure the ESTP is completely oblivious to me and my inner dynamics. Anyway, that's how I view them. Unapproachable and Just Not That Into Me - for friendship or otherwise, and therefore not worth any effort. Idk 😭 actually that one typing grid backs up my observations. I'm on mobile so can't get a link right now, but it shows all the types' relations to the others and ESTP-ESFJ is "the ESFJ looks up to and tries to impress the ESTP who does not consider the ESFJ a very interesting person." I mean that probably has something to do with it. I definitely don't put the effort into my personal style that Se types do. I'm never shabby but never stunning either. But I feel like I don't really have anything in common with them on a deeper level either. Like even if I did happen to attract one, I wouldn't hold their interest for long. Ah I forgot to respond to this! Yea I married my "conflict" type so I definitely take that graphic with a grain of salt. Though I do find it to be pretty interesting and useful. I definitely get along better with ENTP types than ESTP, but both are nice. :D I thought my kid was an ENTP when he was younger but now I think he's more of an ESTJ. He's remained constant, I think my understanding of MBTI evolved and also I think I tried to type him when he was technically too young to be typed (he was 4 or 5, now he's 7.5). We'll see where he ends up, but if he's something other than ESTJ, it'll be because I figured it wrong rather than his personality changing, I think. It also gave me INTJ based on my reddit comments. No.... lol.Well my theory has always been that the ESFJ description is so awful that few people would willingly type as one, especially cleverer ESFJs. So I've always suspected that there are more SJ types floating around here than meets the eye. However, recently I was thinking if the descriptions are faulty, then what *is* correct? And then I started doubting everything and I had to take a break from this sub for a bit lol. 

ESFJs may just be less likely to want to get tangled up in all the theory in the first place.. Seems like they would rather stick to more tangible studies of human behavior like hanging out with friends and analyzing people close to them rather than analyzing abstract human behavior via MBTI. I personally think it's fascinating, but I have a lot of doubts about my analyses and my ability to read people over the internet. I feel like ESFJ types who are interested in MBTI would be more likely to be more interested in applying it to their own friends and family and less likely to be interested in discussing it in a forum with people they don't know. Not true for every ESFJ, just in general. Just my thoughts. :) I wanted more insight and I wanted someone to chat about MBTI with. None of my friends/family are into it at all, so I wanted to see what other people had to say about types, functions, etc. :) Yeah I tend to identify more with function descriptions, especially Si/Ne rather than Se/Ni. However, I deal with a lot of anxiety and probably also some depression and I think that skews how well I feel certain descriptions fit me (Fe vs Fi, which function is dominant, etc). I'm also apparently incapable of identifying with any positive aspects of any of the types I suspected I was in the past, up to and including ESFJ - we're supposed to be warmly concerned about other people, and I think I used to be? But right now everyone is pretty much the worst. I still feel like I'm an ESFJ because I guess it suits me more than say, INFP or something. I am no good at typing but I'm thinking Hamilton is an ENTJ (just this line from Burr alone: "Watch this obnoxious, arrogant, loudmouth bother be seated at the right hand of the father" seems like a spot-on outsider's perspective of an ENTJ). Burr seems to be some sort of Fe Si monster, like many good villains. But like I said, I'm terrible at typing, but would love to participate in a discussion about it. And since you get nothing if you wait for it, wait for it, here goes! 

So how about you guys? Anyone have any thoughts on Hamilton MBTI types? For the play and/or the real people. Right there with ya. According to this, I'm an uneducated ho, which is only half correct. Basic bitch checking in.Thought I was an INFP for ages because of this. "NOT IF I BEAT YOU TO IT!" --esfj
I'd probably say ESFJ. I feel I'm a little more outgoing than the ISFJ description but a little less social than the ESFJ description. 

Sorry for being a nuisance! Thanks, I'll post my answers in here when I'm done. :)1. What makes you respect individuals, groups, or organizations? List whatever you can think of.

I really respect those who help out others. Even small gestures can mean a lot. Creativity is something I wish I had more of sometimes and I really respect and get inspired by others with that quality. It's great to be able to have people around that you can rely on. 

2. What kind of things turn you off about a person, a brand/company, or a particular environment? What gets under your skin (in a bad way)?

Rudeness and bigotry. Not taking others into account and selfishness are other deal breakers. As for environments, I like to feel comfortable and I'll try and avoid places that threaten that.

3. How good is your memory for detail? Specific conversations you've had in the past, little tasks that need to get done, what you were doing the first time you heard a song or tried a food, etc.

I'm generally good at remembering details, especially about people. Obviously I forget some thing sometimes, but who doesn't? I have detailed memories and can remember details like what I and others were wearing, and the emotions of the memory.

4. What do you spend the most time thinking about - the past, the present, the future? Practical topics, logistical issues, relationships with people, theoretical concepts, issues of morality/ethics? Do you find yourself fixating on one thing, coming back to it, and trying to figure it out, or are you more prone to meandering through multiple tangentially related topics? Do you often daydream/space out? When you do daydream or fantasize, what kind of things do you imagine and think about?

I'd say I generally think about the past and sometimes the future. Unless I'm concentrating on something or talking to someone, I'm not too focused on the present. I'm a bit of a worrier, so while thinking about the future can be fun it's also a little scary. I think about relationships with people and sometimes reminisce about conversations or imagine new ones. I spend time planning some things out in my head. I daydream sometimes, but mostly about realistic situations or memories.

5. Think about a topic or two you’re really interested in and like having conversations about. Do you think you would generally have more fun talking about that topic with an enthusiastic, curious listener who asks you lots of great questions, or do you think you would generally have more fun listening to an interesting, entertaining person talk at length about it and answer your questions enthusiastically?

If the person is interested and enthusiastic I'd say I prefer talking. I like conversations to be a little more back and forth though. I'm happy to listen too!

6. In the last question, what topic(s) were you think about?

I love music. I sing and it makes me happy that some people are interested enough to ask me questions. Most of my conversations are about interests, people and memories.

7. If someone is doing something that you strongly disagree with, how likely are you to confront them about it? If you do confront them, how do you usually tend to do it? How does your answer change depending on your relationship with the person, and whether their actions directly affect you?

I don't like conflict but I'll confront people if it's necessary. If I do have to confront people, I'll try to be gentle and polite. I'm more comfortable confronting people I know well, since I'll know them well enough to know how to approach it. 

8. How interested are you in trying new things - traveling, trying strange and exotic foods, going on roller coasters, jumping out of airplanes, things like that? Regardless of how interested you are, how willing would you be to do those things if someone asked you to? How often do you actually do things like that? Give examples.

I'm interested in trying new things but it's not something that happens a lot, and I'm way more likely to try something if someone is there with me. I've become more open over the last few years. One thing I want to do is travel and see what other places are like.

9. How would other people describe your demeanor? It may help to ask people you know. How emotional do you seem to people? How rational? Do you tend to be quiet and reserved, or more loud and talkative? Do you seem to choose your words carefully, or talk stream of consciousness, or do you sometimes think so fast you stumble trying to get all the words out? Do you tend to finish your sentences, or skip to the next sentence in the middle of the one you’re saying, or skip to new topics entirely? Do you interrupt - if so, when and how often? How do you feel if someone interrupts you? How often do you feel like you have so much energy you can’t sit still and need to be up and moving? How hard is it for you to get out of bed in the morning, or get up after relaxing for a long time?

I'm very feminine. I don't really mind if I'm conventional. I'm a very emotional person. I'm generally pretty talkative but can be more reserved if I'm upset. I'm generally upbeat and I'm not around to loosen up or act less seriously, especially in a group of people I know. Whether I choose my words carefully or think as I talk depends on the setting and who I'm talking to. I finish most of my sentences and tend to finish talking about one topic before moving on. I interrupt people occasionally and feel bad about it. I can be patient when interrupted as long as I get the floor back to finish what I was saying. I'm physically quite relaxed but I can't do nothing for an entire day. I'll struggle getting out of bed some mornings though. It's especially hard in winter when it's still dark and the bed is the only warm place nearby.

10. We’ve all had conversations with someone who was ‘missing the point’. Give an example or two, real or imagined, of conversations that would make you feel that way - what is the “point”, and how is the other person missing it?

I'm struggling with this one right now! It's hard to say.

11.  How long does it usually take you to realize/decide that you are unhappy with a situation in your life (e.g. job, relationship)? Do you talks to others to figure out your feelings, or are you more likely to keep it to yourself until you’ve figured it out? At what stage would you discuss the issue with the affected parties (boss, S.O.)? Are you likely to change your mind after announcing your decision? How difficult are changes like this for you to adapt to? How often do you experience big changes like this? Do you feel like these changes are more the result of your own decisions and opinions, or are they more the inevitable result of external circumstances?

I'm quite in touch with my feelings and know when I'm upset or unhappy. I'm quite an open person and feel comfortable showing my emotions. I'd discuss the issue quickly to try and restore harmony. I can change my mind if I realise there's a better way to do something. I'm not very comfortable with change and don't often go through it. I like having some familiarity around me. I think these changes happen partly because of my decisions, but external circumstances can play a part too.

12. What are your age, gender, and nationality, if you feel comfortable sharing?

20, female and UK. :)

I hope these answers are okay. I'm pretty tired so sorry if I wasn't detailed enough!

Thanks again! :)

Edit - Sorry for how the formatting came out.I'm glad! :)Thank you! So I'm an ESFJ? My friend thought that was most likely too. ESFJ feels right to me. Thank you for your help!Thanks for the reply! I definitely avoid Ti more and find it really hard to completely detach. I thought that ESFJ was the most likely but I made this thread to make sure.

I'm sorry you're not feeling too good. :(

I'm very expressive and not very good at hiding my emotions. Being around people I care about helps, even if it doesn't solve the problem.Same here with the crying! Trying to hold back normally makes things worse so I just tend to let it all out.I'm glad your workout helped! I don't get to see most people as much as I used to so I feel you on the loneliness. It'll be great when you see him again too!ESFJ and pop. :)I'm an ESFJ and I usually get told I'm friendly and warm. Apparently my face is really emotionally expressive too.Like others have said, ESFJ. I can relate to quite a lot in this post and that's my type. 😊Luckily the person that introduced me to MBTI knows a lot about it and cleared up some ESFJ stereotypes. I also made a thread on here where I got a lot of help. I imagine I would've had way more trouble on my own and would probably think I'm an ENFP or something. I feel like ESFJ descriptions are probably some of the least accurate on the internet. It's a shame they think being an ESFJ means you can't be interested in those things but stereotypes are strong I guess. 😕I think I'd have had a similar reaction if I'd have taken the test on my own. Luckily I read into the cognitive functions pretty early and had someone I could ask questions. 🙂Interesting! I've been looking for descriptions of tertiary Ne so thanks for sharing. 🙂ESFJ 45%

ISFJ 27%

ENFJ 23%

ESFP 5%

ISFP 4%

I've not taken this test before but it seems pretty accurate for me. 😊Another ESFJ here! I actually spent a lot more time on the internet when I was younger, though I'd probably not know about MBTI if I wasn't introduced to it by someone else. I'm probably a little more socially introverted than some ESFJs, but that's more to do with my anxiety. I've considered ISFJ but I'm pretty sure I have tertiary Ne and inferior Ti.

Like others have said, I think there are probably a few more of us on here that have mistyped. ESFJ descriptions are less than flattering. 😔I've always thought the descriptions on websites like 16 Personalities made us sound really boring compared to more 'desirable' types. Function descriptions are definitely better though.Hi! I'm pretty certain. 🙂

I score ESFJ on every test. I relate to most of the descriptions, even though some are full of stereotypes. My friend got me into MBTI and she's an ENFJ. She knows quite a lot about it and she said ESFJ is what she thought before she introduced me to it. 

I have problems with anxiety, but I'm nowhere near as bad as I was when I was younger. At that point, I might have mistyped as an introvert but now it's more under control it's pretty clear than I'm an Fe-dom. Si is pretty obvious too and now I'm a little older I feel Ne has a slightly bigger influence, though I still struggle with Ti. 😕

I don't really feel like any other type fits like ESFJ. 😊One of my closest friends is an ENFJ too! Second best here!I'm ESFJ and I sing. 🙂I know a few other ESFJs who perform too, I'm not sure why though! 

I'm not too great at writing but I feel at home performing. I wasn't comfortable to begin with though.Haha, I'm sure there are more of us hidden somewhere!It was accurate for me. I mainly test as ESFJ, but dichotomy tests give me ENFJ sometimes. I'm sure I prefer Si-Ne to Ni-Se though.I get ESFJ on pretty much every test I take, though some dichotomy tests give me ENFJ sometimes.

I imagine that if I'd have taken a test when I was struggling more with anxiety I'd have been typed as an introvert. Now I'm doing better, it's pretty clear from the functions that I'm an ESFJ and I usually test that way too.ENFJ. No one can escape the Fe.I'm ESFJ and normally put quite a bit of effort into my appearance. I don't really wear anything too flashy but I do my best to look nice.Hi! My friend recently introduced me to MBTI. I tested as an ESFJ, but I was pretty close to the middle on E and I. After reading into cognitive functions a little more I can't tell whether Fe or Si is my dominant function. 

I'm also confused about my tertiary and inferior. I've done a little reading but I'm still new to this so help would really be appreciated! Let me know if there's anything I can do.

Thanks! :)
ESFJ

I picked Team Mystic because I thought it had to do with water Pokemon. Easy going &amp; approachableESFJ, Ravenclaw/Horned Serpent
