I notice these are all multiplayer games. Do you prefer playing with other people and if so do you make an effort to talk to them? I prefer single player, like The Last of Us.I think so, at some point or another!I loved The Road. I'll have to watch it again; it's been a while.ESTJ

Likes

* Clear, concise wording
* Speak quickly
* Tell me what you need/expect
* Smiling

Dislikes

* Buzzwords/meaningly phrases
* Slow speakers
* Bad eye contact
* Beating around the bush
* People who laugh at fucking *everything*

I know you said 3 points, OP, but I'm packing up my laptop and I've gotta run to the gym so fuck it.It's incredible how many sources I've had to go to online to build comprehensive knowledge of this type. Whereas a search for "INTJ" brings seemingly endless results.It's 7:27am where I am. I've got to commute over an hour to a national park at 8:55am to go hiking/walking with a friend.

We'll picnic and then after that I've got a date at 2pm; we're going to an exhibition with short films and stuff (I don't care for museums all that much but she'd like it).

Then finally we'll go for dinner and then we're hitting the comedy club. It's our third date and I'm contemplating taking her home but to be honest I don't want to fuck it up because she's an amazing girl. I'll see where the mood takes us. ~ESTJI learnt that to be as adaptable to the changing world around me as I possibly can I always need to have money, i.e. save.I can do the Sherlock Holmes thing where I can play out a plan of action in my mind before I actually do it.Is that true? Damn, if so the fact that I'm not interacting with them says more about me than anything.I'm probably not! When I look for sensors I look for people I can discuss current matters with, enjoy the present with, share sensory experiences with. I think celebrity gossip sucks but honestly my knowledge on the topic is much further reaching that my knowledge of say, art, science or video games. So people who are similar in that regard.Looks quiet mi hermano, but thanks.I think intuitives are *so* *different* and easy to spot and I like different so I tend to gravitate towards them because I grew up feeling a bit less mainstream than I probably am now. I may have accidently learnt to tune out the majority around me for a taste of the alternative.Reasonably creative as in I try a variety of things to stay busy but never really commit. Sensory experiences as in more Se related activities.

See I would definitely make the mistake as typing you as an intuitive based on what you've described so I guess I need to narrow down what I'm looking for as opposed to just looking for 'sensors'. Extraverted Sensing types are probably what I'm looking for.What are they doing there?!Good point.Man, why of all types INTJ though haha. I guess it fits the general online demographic.I think you're spot on. I'm going to screenshot this comment and save it on my phone's favourites to always remind myself :)Well I know what I'm doing from now on.Inside you say?Tried it a few times but within more general, discussion type groups. I'll try something more activity based.Letty is the ESTP from the Fast and Furious crew, right?I rap a bit from time to time and recorded in the past. If it's off the top I'm seeing and describing what's in my immediate surroundings while maintaining a good flow and melody. I can turn up with proper breathe control so I empathise the hardest hitting bars, and I've got bars for time g when I can go into detail about anything that has ever graced my senses.

Ask me to do some conscious rap though and I'm fucked.I've been following some of your recent comments on here as an ESTP too and your experiences and the way you've reacted to them sound so similar to my own. Great to see that.&gt; DMZ

Deep, meaningful..? Zone?

&gt;Since there's generally a "feels" stigma for men and society as a whole, I'm usually the one to hold back. For me the relation is vexing to you guys and draining for us, since novel experience fuels only one half of our tank.

This says to me I should be more open to the notion of feelings and express myself at least enough so as not to be too ambiguous.

&gt;When my Ne is on I can hang with the best of you guys.

I've experienced this with an ENFP and it's an attractive trait, as long as it's going where my Ti wants it to go.

&gt;Also you guys are like, predators, all the time, in a good way.

Haha, I'm constantly told this, in a good, suggestive way. I know what I want.

&gt;Also, those girls might actually be ESFPs.

I've asked these girls to take the test and they all come back with ENFP. I knew an ESFP and she was different.I recognised the acronym immediately but the context confused me, haha.

Edit: I'd get fucking roasted if I was in the military, Christ. "Deep, meaningful zone."Still sounds like you're working things out yourself man, haha.

&gt;Great people, but for as open as they are, they seem really shy to share their thoughts.

As far as my experience I understand this is because they only really feel comfortable sharing their feelings if they can do so without being judged. Honestly, all I do to get them over that feeling is say, "Hey, I'm into you." Their wild imaginations do the rest tbh.Dude, next time you're on the way to the kitchen or something and they're in the living room just jump in and find something they're passionate about and just ask them loads of questions about it then drop some knowledge. I knew a vegan ENFP who was a bit cautious about me but because my ex was vegan I had all this useless vegan knowledge to share, which turned into conversations about health, body image, ect. I slept with that same ENFP a week later.Ah, being misunderstood, that makes sense. In retrospect the ENFPs I'm thinking about weren't really afraid of being judged.

&gt;I'm very confident in my ability to express myself, but the larger the gap the more work it takes.

Cool, so narrow the gap and you'll increase the chat. Mutual interests and the like are obviously important then.&gt;Right, but as you know the tests are a good ballpark at best, and completely utterly misleading at worst. It takes a long time to properly evaluate oneself according to the functions. It's dubious to type by behavior.

Solid reminder. I'll remember that.I wrote a paragraph in response to the first part of your comment but I could essentially boil it down to 'be charming'.

&gt;And don't get us wrong, at a deeper level being misunderstood does affect Fi. But at the surface it grates on our practically-focused Te.

Thus increasing the gap and decreasing the chat! Makes perfect sense.Thanks, that was insightful. I agree from the ESTP perspective. A lot of interactions are meaningless and I wouldn't expense much more than the superficial, top-level conversation unless there was actually reason to.

Have they ever had a conflict? How did they approach this?[This](https://www.vipcutouts.com/media/com_hikashop/upload/thumbnails/600x760f/ben_affleck.jpg) is usually my expression.I don't know what type you are but as an outsider observing in you've described pretty accurately what I've experienced with ENFPs in the past.You could literally be my ex and I wouldn't know. Good to hear it from your perspective.

Mind sharing an instance where he flirted with someone else?I clearly spend too much time on the internet.I'm similar in the sense that I would have once almost considered myself a 'lone wolf' type. I thrive on social interactions but in between those opportunities I frequently do things alone and spend a lot of time on the computer and a bit less time with video games (playing Mass Effect Andromeda atm).

My majority group of friends are also intuitive types however my best friend and my ex are ESFPs. I wish I had more sensory friends honestly!I can't image being so wound up in my own thoughts or feelings that I missed all the incredible things happening right in front of my eyes.ISTP - what's your point?When you approach me make it clear as to why; what do you want from me? We're not socially inept, so even something as casual as 'hey, I haven't seen you in a long time' says to me 'the point of this conversation is to catch up', and since I'm happy enough to do so in most cases, the conversation will likely go smoothly.ESTP - Anger and alcohol.NFs. I heard somewhere that ENFJs were rare but in my experience they are 2/3 of the girls I attract and I use tinder **a lot**.Similarly because I don't express much affection verbally (unless she's looking hot and I'm really attracted at that moment) my ex ESFJ didn't think I liked her as much as I did -- which to me was astounding considering we'd hang out 3-4 times a week.What do you mean by attachment issues? I have an INTJ who is a friend and her first relationship which she recently got out of lasted 5 years (she's 23), she says was abusive and she has now recently found a guy (ENTP) who she gets along with very well but she speaks relentlessly of her ex and has nothing but doubts about her new guy despite being together almost a year.What's the difference between clingy and attached?Oh right -- I can see how that might stem from a bad experience, otherwise I'd be a little confused as to why you'd exclude yourself from new experiences. I'm guessing you'd feel more comfortable forming relationships now based on mutual interests and common ground or is it like nah fuck y'all too?I hate sleeping so I'll procrastinate sleep, but realistically I need 6 hours to function and that's an O.K. night for me.I don't think so but I'm also not sure. Any surefire ways to tell?Maybe at work or when I've been with a group of people all day without a break but if I'm with my 3-4 best friends or heading to a club for just the night I'm easily the ringleader-type.I think that if something is put in front of me, like an obstacle or challenge then I'm the opposite of lazy.When I feel something it's uploaded directly to the cloud so it doesn't take up storage.&gt;i'm just saying that the actions of celebrities aren't always genuine or authentic.

And the actions of these influential politicians and philosophers you mention are? Why?I think it's harsh to discredit celebrities in this manner as you'd be forgetting that many musicians, actors and even athletes are in a sense artists who are perceiving and sometimes changing our perception of the world.

In a different way from politicians and philosophers it would be useful to understand these types of people in order to broaden our perspective of reality.Well I hope we answered OP's question!AcKtuAlLy... I switch between I and E depending on the day  🤷‍♀️Why are INFPs so funny?I feel like I get annoyed at my INFP friends because they're so squishy.Just make sure the video/sound quality is decent and the videos aren't insanely long IMO. Post consistently too.I straight up decline a date if there's even a hint of formality.You don't leave your house because you can't or you don't want to?Oh wow, that's different. Yeah, I'd read an AMA on that. Might be interesting to know how you live and what challenges you face. If you're happy, whatever.&gt;I can't help but be skeptical due to me not fully trusting and believing that it may not potentially be my correct type.  
&gt;  
&gt;I always feel like I have a sense of bias and can never pinpoint a type due to me constantly doubting and wanting to make sure that my test results are as accurate as possible.

Sounds like tertiary Ni, and you write like a Ti user.

&gt;Hello everybody, **hope you're well.**

Fe. ISTP.How much am I being paid?Other way around most likely and that’s if you even watched cartoons growing up.What the fuck?I’m sure there are those that don’t like INFPs as well, they probably just get downvoted to shit.My understanding (which isn’t great) is that tertiary Ni has hunches that aren’t always trusted and a vague sense of doing or feeling something out about the future (in this case OP is trying to figure out their type). It’s often distracted and can be negative in these hunches (referring to the comments I highlighted previously) so situations can be misread and/or the wrong hunches might be pursued. The user tends to act instead of dwell on these hunches as OP has done (retaking tests every month, posting this thread, etc).

Pair that with dominant Ti, as you’ve mentioned the first couple functions are important, and OP’s writings remind me of the Ti-Ni loop (not sure how legit this theory is). I chucked in Fe just because, and I saw in OPs comment history that they like psychedelics, which at a guess I’d brand as a sensory experience (Se).Which hobbies and pastimes do you think appeal to the different functions?

Considering I lead with Te and Si as an ESTJ, I tend to find fulfilment in completing tasks and solving problems that affect my day to day, as well as researching relevant historical facts or looking at old pictures, letters, memes and posts that bring me pleasure.

Edit: To add, the above makes me interested in travelling, which I do once a month. Creating experiences in different countries which have the same positive similarities has helped me build a nice visual portfolio of all the cool experiences I've had. I've become handy with a camera and it makes me happy to look back at every social media post with a story about the contents of it.Outside of work I don't feel like I get to encounter many sensor types. I'm reasonably creative and seem to meet a lot of intuitive types with those kinds of interests. I'd imagine the gym is another sensor-majority environment however I don't go there for small talk. Otherwise I just picked up skateboarding so I'm hoping to meet some other sensors that way.

Do you guys have any ideas for where I can find other sensor types?

Edit: Even more helpful (after seeing some of the response here) would be to know where to find Extroverted Sensing types? I think I know the answer to this one.Hey guys, I was wondering if you could help me understand the relationship dynamics (especially in regards to the functions) of the ESTP and ENFP.

I'm a bit of a stereotypical ESTP in that I meet a lot of people, and with apps like Tinder it has become easier than ever. However, I notice that maybe 3 out of 5 dates are with ENFPs. Not to say that they're all exactly alike and I am letting MBTI dictate my relationships, but since this is obviously my biggest market, I want to better understand the dynamics of these two types should I decide to take a relationship more seriously.

Thanks, this is one of my favourite sub-reddits.Despite the fact that I am confident, independent, date/shag often and have many (mostly introverted) friends the content I read online about my type (ESTP) never seems to mention how clingy I can become. I think it's down to Se and Fe (and perhaps even Ti which makes me internalise everything) but I always feel like I need at least one person I can have an ongoing correspondence with after maybe less than a day of being completely alone (colleagues don't really sate my need for social interaction) before I get bored and depressed.

Why am I a clingy cunt and are you guys and girls clingy bastards too?

~~I'm probably just tired today tbh.~~I've read mostly about how SeTi is used practically and for problem solving but how would an ESTP use it (in addition to Fe) in a social setting.

Personally I find it difficult to progress conversations past small talk or talk about nothing. I generally don't talk much unless it's for a reason, i.e. to show them something, to tell a joke, to ask if the movie they watched was good, to invite them to a gig, etc.

Sometimes if I'm speaking to somebody and we have nothing in common I will just excuse myself, or if I can't do that I'll talk to someone else, and if I can't do that I just won't say anything.

Are any other ESTPs here perceived as 'quiet' sometimes too? In the right social setting are you the loudest?ESTP here. I mostly use dating apps to meet women. I ALWAYS attract INFJ/INFP/ENFP/ENFJ types and ALWAYS have the same issues with them.

How do I STOP attracting intuitive types? How can I turn them OFF me?

Bonus: how do I spot sensor types on a dating app?Can cunfirm. Am an absoltue moron.ESTP. Playing God of War at the moment. Max strength.ESTP is spot on. That’s when the depression settles in!Is it just me or are INFPs really judgemental? I always find they ‘explode’ with all their true thoughts and feels under intense pressure. It’s really annoying.I’ll have to do more research because INFPs are one of my favourite types. My thing is - and I would think other ESTPs relate - my morals change depending on the circumstances, while I’ve noticed INFPs have more absolute morals despite the circumstances. It’s in these situations I find them too critical or inflexible of other’s decisions.

I believe right and wrong, as you put it, isn’t always about the INFP. When they make it about themselves, I find it annoying.I’m an ESTP and my friends a mostly INFPs, ESFPs, ESTJs and ENTPs.You think they're just doing it for attention? Surely they can just message the person who gave gold/silver directly if they're really so grateful.Just wanted to chime in and say I feel you on this. I've worked my way into a good level in my career from dropping out of university, and all the hardships and doubters on the way have propelled me significantly.

Now I'm almost in a lane of my own and I'm lacking in motivation sometimes, so I'm trying to find that motivation again. Use it for as long as you can while you have it.I like hip hop because it’s generally quite hype and I like RnB and Indie for be opposite effect. I have no problem with top 40 music as long as it’s catchy and easy on the ears.

I don’t like anything to preachy or anything with too strong of a message, that sounds like it was made to fit a social agenda. I’d read a book or watch a documentary if I wanted something like that.For a long time I enjoyed the validation that came with getting matches on these apps, so I’ve been ‘lax on screening for these patterns. Since I’m looking for something more serious now I can definitely pay more attention to these signs.

Statistically speaking you’re now wrong, I just need to go to more social events!In my experience they all deal with at least a moderate level of anxiety that I struggle to understand. It becomes strenuous on the relationship because none of my actions are taken at face value, they’re often blown out of proportion. They’re not ‘in the moment’ enough either. I feel like sensory experiences go to waste and I don’t get much feedback when I try to include them in the things I enjoy. I recently went to see Captain Marvel in cinemas and for half the movie my date (INFP) was becoming irritated and started making rude, loud comments because people around us were eating popcorn (at the cinema?!).

I feel like I’ve developed my Fe so I have a genuine interest in these types and a good amount of patience to match, but it isn’t my natural mode of thinking so the relationships never really last.Hinge and Tinder.
I dunno, I've taken like 5 versions of the typing tests and I come out as ESTJ every single time. Have you just read the different descriptions and found the one that sounds most like "you"? I mean that's rhetorical, I'm sure you have. I'm just saying studying the results more closely instead of looking at the four letters might be revealing. Also, if you've taken online tests, they tend to be way less thorough than the one that comes with the book.I'm Te-dom, here's my answer:

If each machine bakes 1 cookie per minute, then 150 machines baking 1 cookie per minute = 150 cookies in one minute.

A simple math problem with (allegedly) only one correct answer isn't the best test for a function. More like a test of "can you figure out a simple word problem." 8|Agreed. I assumed 1 cookie per machine since I figured the OP meant the problem to be solvable (hence "if each machine"). It could even be that one machine is baking the two cookies in the introductory bits and the other machine doesn't work at all.

Not a terribly good Ti-Te test, and not a good word problem.Oh. Haha! Good one! 😁I found this post on empirical vs logical in mbti pretty interesting: https://m.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4p8wij/te_is_empirical_ti_is_logical/
ESTJ = Attack on Titan

INFJ = Neon Genesis Evangelion

ESTP = Gurren Lagann

INFP = Pokémon

INTP = Steins;Gate

ENTJ = Gundam

ESFJ = Eureka 7

That's all I can think of

Edit: FormattingI used to be an ESFJ.  As I grew older, I changed from ESFJ to ESTJ. I've found that I care way less about what people think about me. When I was ESFJ, I had a specific group of friends I hung out with all the time, and if they did something without me I would feel super left out and sad. Now, I don't really have a "posse" and sometimes would just rather be by myself than with people. It kind've makes me uncomfortable at times to think that I used to care SO MUCH about my friends and preserving my friendships, and now I really just don't care. Sometimes I feel like I've grown cold.I'm looking for something that's simple. For example, as an ESTJ my answer could be "I picked you for x assignment because I believe you are well suited for it, now don't disappoint."Isn't enneagram a different personality test? Last I checked this is r/mbti. Just looking for some answers based on personal experience from each type.Explain.Have you watched Attack on Titan? It's all about a guy risking his life to kill giants that ate his family. Not very beta if you ask me. If you don't like anime you should just say that you don't like it, not crap on all viewers.My INFJ friend introduced me to the series!Thinking in terms of Beta and Alpha is encouraged in /r/TheRedPill. This is very unhealthy and causes one to be very aggressive and sensitive to the slightest challenge against their masculinity. This dude just needs to chill out and he'll be happier, have better relationships with others, and won't be seen as a douche. Based on his other posts he's only 17 and probably insecure about being seen as a man. He's acting out and putting others down to make himself more of one in his eyes. /u/amerikkkasmostwanted the opposite sex isn't out to get you bud! Stay calm and respectful to others and you'll have so much better of a time in life.INFJs can be very self absorbed and condescending. I used to have an INFJ friend, and it felt like he was always talking down to me, like he was seeing things from such a higher "more enlightened" perspective I was.

It seemed like plenty of conversations we had I would have to avoid certain topics I knew would upset him. His viewpoints and mine were just so different. For instance, he thought pretty much all governments were good for nothing and evil, while I - being an ESTJ - have a huge interest and respect for government and authority.

It seemed to me he was always worrying about things I didn't think actually mattered. For instance he was all messed up for like 3 months because he saw a teenage girl walking in the snow near a highway crying, and was super worried he hadn't done the right thing because he didn't stop. I just told him that he didn't have an obligation to this girl, I'm sure she's fine. What's done is done, don't beat yourself up over what ifs.

Anyways, he wasn't a bad friend, just took quite a bit of effort to deal with at times.It's all about harmony with nature, INFP style!I like the different viewpoints of both our posts!Two sides of the same coin.Yeah, him and I still get on eachother's nerves, but we are well adjusted enough to look past differing opinions and just accept we aren't the same. I do like your perspective though of ESTJs seeing things in black and white, that has always been a weak point for me. Most of my Ni friends come up with solutions for situations I never even considered.You're a fan of Avatar: The Last Airbender, aren't you?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaOSCASqLsEAh worth a shot. My INTP friend loves it with a passion. I agree with you that it's not anime though.OH MY GOD SHINJI STOP HAVING SUCH A HEDGEHOG DILEMMANeutralI would never slam a door, because I'm not going to be the one leaving the room.Same thing with enneagram! Different test! If I wanted to hear about enneagram I would be in r/enneagram!Exercise, clean, and take control.This is great man, thanks.Tomorrow's work, and what im going to do first thing in the morning.Visual-Spatial IntelligenceI totally understand. I work a job where I'm around people constantly, and many of my coworkers have strong personalities. It's a constant chore to maintain peace on the job, which on tough days can leave me feeling dry of social energy. I normally just dont accept phone calls or invitations if I feel this way, I'll go for a walk or do something so I can be alone for awhile.Yes I feel very uncomfortable and don't quite know what to do or how to react. I find it very difficult to understand what I'm feeling sometimes and it's even more difficult to not only put those feelings into words but also to express them to someone. It feels like I'm burdening others by exposing my emotional weaknesses and putting myself at risk of being manipulated or losing their respect.

What can I do to develop Fi?Sadness? You mean anger?Me: ESTJ

Dad:ENFP

Mom:ISFJ

Younger sister: INFPWe have pride but I wouldnt say narcissism.INFJs and ESTJs don't mix well.Most of my friends are NT types, and most of my family are NF types. You have to talk to them in a completely different way. Argue with an NT and they will try to prove their point. Argue with an NF and they wonder why you have an issue with them.Either Ni or Se, because they seem like superpowers.If i know what I'm doing is right, then I know all of society is on my side against this one little defiant upstart. It's only when someone insults my honor or implies I'm ingenuine that I get really riled up.The sheer drive and awareness of the present surroundings.No, you should be considerate of others' feelings. Many dislike debating and aren't looking to argue with you.Me too thanks.This is in no way a type thingYou sound like an ENTJ I know. Thinks he's a genius while everyone else thinks he's an idiot.Neither are intimidating in the slightestOh that's just because emotions intimidate INTJsI know two female INFJs and one male. None of them are intimidating to me.HelloReallyThe only time I've ever truly been depressed was when I was 17. I didn't even realize I was depressed until I started thinking about this post. I had been rejected by a girl I had really liked for about 3 years, we had talked a lot and liked each other pretty well. Long story short I guess I wasn't for her. For months after that I just felt incredibly disappointed in myself for every little thing. I know I could have done this or that better. I was never able to please myself. Anytime my coworkers or someone would poke fun at me I would freak out at them, thinking about what they said for weeks on end, just feeling hot with anger that they would disrespect me like that. And if I felt like someone was trying to control me I would pretty much view them as an enemy for life. It seemed like all this anger just came out of nowhere, I never was like that before. It just occurred to me reading these comments that, although I was incredibly upset about getting rejected, I only cried about it once. All the sadness I felt just manifested to anger and frustration, and being hypercritical of myself and others.I didn't realize I had switched from ESFJ to ESTJ at first. It can be difficult to see your type because in social situations ESTJs mimic Fe often. The main way you can tell is how you view people and what you want out of them. ESFJs want peace, and for everyone to be together harmoniously, however that may happen. ESTJs don't much care for "getting along" and don't really see the preservation of relationships to be all-important. Conflict is progress to an ESTJ. Would you be willing to deal with some disrespect from an individual at a social gathering in order to preserve the peace and harmony? If so you are probably ESFJ.Our jokester is an ESFP. He usually makes sarcastic comments as his primary humor method.15Reading up on 9w8 makes it easy to see why I'm very laid back on some things and very aggressive with others.Me with my friends. I'm the one looking at the camera.

http://i.imgur.com/woEFVT9.png
wow you totally missed the point of the post in an effort to sound coolWhat can you say or do that puts the wind in the sails for each type?I'll go [first](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIsv1YOFNys&amp;index=22&amp;list=PLqpaVGVP86ASi4XWmjH-tLF8NtnpoUJJp).
ESTJs are reliable traditionalists don't really see her being a rebel. To ensure the continuation, glory and quality of life of my family line as well as my civilisation, it's traditions, culture and  people. Classical only, all other music is degenerate.Degenerates, the lot of you!It's a load of shit and in my opinion, akin to astrology. 

I think people only entertain it because it appears to have a scientific basis behind it and it gives them the same special snowflake feeling astrology does.  
ESTJ- attracted to ISTPs because a) they're always super competent, b) they treat emotions more...rationally (low stack Feeling homies for life) and c) that aux Se means they'll probably like going on cool adventures too. Friendly neighborhood ESTJ here and yeah you sound like me. The "strong internal visions" that you want to "fulfill as quickly as possible" really sounds like Te working with Ne. Ni/Ne is kind of hard to pin down though so I'd focus on whether you relate more to Si or Se. (That being said a lot of the Si descriptions online are rubbish so let me know if you want more clarification here.)I tried on various identities throughout high school and I suppose the idea of finding an identity, while less urgent, still exists in my mind. The combination of Te Dom, Enneagram 3, and a somewhat tiger-parent upbringing meant that as a child I was constantly trying to do the "right" thing, get the "right" answer, wear the "right" clothes... be the "right" person. Obnoxious overuse of quotes to remind myself that I'm working on growing out of this mindset. Life is pretty damn open-ended and correctness is often subjective. So trying to find the right identity isn't as much of a struggle anymore because I'm more comfortable letting myself just be. 


TL;DR I did spend a long time trying on identities. I think it is type related but probably more Enneagram related. I am attempting to grow out of it. For me it's pretty literally thinking outwardly, so like...applying rational principles to evaluate the outside world. I have a hard time giving examples because it's just my normal way of thinking but I'll try to give some Shit Te Says examples. 


- "Ok no that is objectively incorrect." 

- "Because of A I am confident that the reason for this weird data is B."

- "If you like M but you don't like N [mentally venn diagramming] then I think O would be right up your alley."


Honestly I think Te is one of the more obvious ones. If you skim through the MBTI pages and look for ENTJ/ESTJ flair, all the Te doms have a somewhat similar way of talking. We don't end sentences with .... or use tons of emojis 😊😊😊 and in general we pay attention to spelling and grammar conventions (unless we're lazy or on mobile). We tend to have a fairly direct way of communicating even when the content itself is rambly. It's certainly reasonable. I think Te tends to care about providing proof so as to be seen as objective and logical. Whether they're *actually* being objective and logical is another matter whatsoever!I'm also Te dom and Enneagram 3 so we might have some things in common. The interaction of type and depression/unhealthy behavior in general is something I've experienced and while I'm not comfortable going into tons of detail here, feel free to PM me. Yes. ESTJ is objectively the best type and I cringe at how far you still have to go on your journey to perfection. I mean, what does an Fe dom even *do* all day other than be nice to people and have incorrect opinions? /s


Seriously, type is pretty set and no type is better than any other. What you perceive as "evolving" may instead be tapping into your other functions, or simply changing as a person. 

I might be in a cynical mood. Apologies in advance.

ISTJ - Grumpily rejects the label of "certified genius" because it discredits their excellent work ethic. Has weird reasoning for why their boring, average job is crucial to society. 

INTJ - Uses "I'm a certified genius" as an excuse not to interact with other humans. Moderator of r/actualsettheory, r/actualquantumphysics, and others. 

ENTJ - Cons your grandma out of her life savings. Eventually decides to become the actual Illuminati. Fails miserably but wins the lawsuit.

ESTJ - Is even more acutely aware of the fact that everyone is flat-out wrong about things most of the time. Complains loudly, but not in, like, an *emotional* way. 
I always get along well with ISTPs for some reason. Also I thought I was an ENTP for a really long time so I would enjoy seeing what they're actually like. I think the 40% figure is pretty accurate, as is your observation that females face more social pressure to "balance their feels to blend in". I wonder if T females "blend in" so well that you mistype them.

&gt; so many of them tend to feel lonely and don't really relate with the average girl.

Is this accurate? If we're broadly stereotyping, I tend to find Fi-dom girls to be the "lonely" "special-snowflake", "I'm not like the average girl!" type, whereas I'm (strongly) Te-dom and don't have much trouble fitting in. Ok I'll try my best but I'm relatively romantically inexperienced (still in college) and also slightly intoxicated right now. 


&gt; what kinds of things do you look for in a partner?

In no particular order: makes me laugh, keeps up with me intellectually, emotionally stable, physically fit (but I'm also a college athlete so this is maybe more about similarity), has an interesting perspective on the world, likes trying new food (I *love* food), + the "functioning adult" basics that hopefully go without saying. 

&gt; in a friend?

Common interests are pretty key for my friends. Mutual respect/admiration, similar goofy sense of humor, I don't think ESTJs make friends especially differently than any other type. I do think competence is an important characteristic, but the area of competence doesn't matter (you're great at math? cool, teach me about it! guitar? also cool, I'd love to watch you play!)

&gt; how can I tell if you like me?

I think I'm pretty obvious? The normal human flirting stuff like physical touch and talking more definitely occurs. I'll also try to take an interest in your interests, if that makes sense. 

&gt; What are your thoughts on non-face-to-face communication

Pros: I like being able to take the time to think about and reword my response which is often a little awkward when in person. It bridges distance effectively. Cons: harder to judge tone. 

&gt; what kinds of things do you dislike talking about?

Interpersonal drama, like who's mad at who or who's hooking up with who. I also take a long time to sort out my feelings so it's uncomfortable to have to clarify them before I'm ready. I tend to be pretty closed off about my personal/family life outside of very very close friends. 

&gt; how can I get to know you on a deeper level?

Oh man I think this is more of an enneagram-dependent question but I'll try to answer. I tend to frame things rationally so I feel like I do a good job talking about subjects which might otherwise be overly emotional. Examples from convos with my best friend: "what about yourself are you proud of", "do you regret anything about your past self", "when do you feel inadequate". 

And the other questions should be sufficiently answered by these two. 


Final words of "wisdom": MBTI is useful to understand how people think but within any type there's nearly limitless diversity. Humans in general like to feel respected and cared for, and ESTJs are no different. Don't put too much emphasis on type dynamics, rather, try to act like the person you'd want to be (if that makes sense?) and it'll turn out okay. /u/Fuccfas is probably more insightful from me and he's also a different flavor of ESTJ so I'd be interested to hear his take. I'm currently in China so it's Thursday night! Sounds good. Ok SJ chiming in here. (Your descriptions of Ne are hilarious btw!) Have you heard of a dom-tert loop? I'm not sure the extent to which it's a ~real thing~ but I'm pretty sure it's my natural state during stress, and trust me it does not feel like a "stable lifestyle" or "knowing what I want to do". Let me see if I can explain how Te-Ne feels.


Okay, imagine Ne is a baker, because Ne fucking loves cookies apparently. You can make ANY COOKIES you want! Raisin, frosted, chocolate chip, molasses, literally anything! And you're a super creative baker so this is exciting and awesome and makes you feel alive! So many *possibilities* omg. Ok but wait there's a catch! now you have to take these cookies and put them on a conveyor belt where quality control (Te) is gonna check to make sure they're *good* cookies, because heaven forbid you deliver subpar cookie product or whatever. You're just standing here making cookies and Te's chucking them in the trash and the conveyor belt's moving too fast because hey wtf asshole I wasn't even done with this cookie so now you're searching through the cookie trash and wait, what standards is Te even using to judge these beautiful cookies? Are these cookies even real? Maybe Te's right though and my cookies *are* shitty and now I can't make ANY cookies because I'm indecisive and stressed so fuck it I'll just throw some lumps of dough on the conveyor belt and hope it gets past that Te bitch.


Cookies are ideas, or decisions, or anything you need to function in daily life. Not to minimize your Ne-dom struggle because honestly it sounds exhausting, but SJ life isn't all security and stability either!Wait, are you saying that ENXPs test as ESXJs or vice versa? Anecdotally, I tested as ENTP for years because:

- Dichotomy tests phrase their N/S questions like "do you have a brain", "have you been interested in anything ever", "do you read books", "does abstract thought make you break out in a cold sweat", etc. Of course nobody wants to be the boring, vapid S! 

- P/J dichotomies tend to put typical teenager stuff like "are you occasionally messy and late", "do you sometimes prefer to wing it", as evidence of P, whereas in reality this describes &gt;90% of young people. 

- Ne is loud and proud (as you said) even in an aux/tert position, IMO, so I'd always get excited about my ability to come up with cool ideas and use that as evidence for Ne. 

- ESTJ descriptions online sound like Nazis which is enough to make even an inferior feeler sad, lol.if you're going for the callout I think it's u/dolandump2016 aka "not actually an ESTP" you're looking for ;)In no particular order: 

- Plenty of SJs are in a field that prioritizes the ability to think abstractly or deal w/ theory, which is often conflated with intuition.

- "making connections from random seemingly unrelated stuff" is stereotypically N but Si does it pretty well too. 

- Tertiary Ne is pretty loud and proud from what I've noticed so when I first read about functions I was like "ooh I *definitely* use that" and assumed it was higher up in my stack than it actually is.

- SJ descriptions online are generally shitty. Seriously, find an ESTJ description that isn't "drill sergeant" or "PTA mom". This is pretty cool to think about! ISTPs are highly overrepresented in my loosely-defined group of "favorite people" whereas ISFJs are... actually I haven't met an ISFJ I get along with yet. Anyways. I like your idea and might try to do a similar thing approaching it from a function standpoint. As much as I love Davos and want to claim him as one of us, I don't think he's ESTJ. He's for sure on the Te-Fi and Si-Ne axes but I think ISTJ fits a little better, given that his Fi is so evident and his Te seems more tempered than e.g. Olenna or Alliser Thorne. Can't tell if you're serious, your last sentences sound a little over-exaggerated. But yeah I mistyped for so long because S descriptions sound boring and middle-aged. What is a "fact course" even? Any decent course should be a mix of facts and theory, right? And like if you're teaching "theory" in the scientific sense doesn't that kind of feel like objective fact anyways?Oppositional defiant disorder, huh? TIL. Wait, how so? I've never heard this, and based on my own conception of what "abstract thought" means I find that very surprising. Eh, I scored ENP, which I always score on tests. I think somehow Si "tempers" Te, making it seem dreamier and more go-with-the-flow (?) on tests. I like the idea of typing kids based on their dom function though, seems reasonable. I don't think typing is very reliable until mid-teenage years or beyond. Not necessarily because kids haven't developed their functions (I think dom and aux are set fairly early actually) but because they often lack the self-awareness, articulation skills, or honesty to distinguish "that's me" from "that's what I want to be" or "that sounds cool". 


For example (this might be kind of controversial given the normal model of function development) I think I've used Te and Si pretty much as far back as I can remember. Maybe it's just the Si tendency to fit the past into a mental narrative but those functions really do seem constant over the course of my life. However, I thought Ne sounded cool and people were always calling me "creative" and I hated most authority figures so I assumed I was an ENTP until recently. The problem wasn't a lack of function development, it was a lack of self-knowledge. Interesting! Thanks for the source :)&gt; What is your type and what were you like in high school? 

ESTJ, I think I was pretty much the same in high school except definitely more insecure. I always felt I was relatively well-liked but didn't have a lot of actual friends. I was very conscious of clothes/makeup/how people perceived my appearance in general, but also didn't invest a lot of time in it the way your stereotypical "popular girls" would. I had a reputation for being smart without trying. 


&gt; What was your stereotype? 

I don't think I fit into any stereotypes very well other than "super smart and generally put together". I went to a mediocre public high school so there weren't very many people at my academic level.


&gt; What clique were you in? 

I didn't feel like I had trouble making friends individually, but at the same time I never had a "clique" or even a solid group of friends. Also I spent most of my junior year in an unhealthy/emotionally isolating relationship so that made it harder to have a "clique". 


&gt; Were you popular? 

Nah. I fit in mostly anywhere, but nobody would ask "where's petrakay?" if I didn't show up. I didn't mind that, and people were pretty nice– I didn't feel overly awkward or anxious in most groups. Some of the underclassmen (from Model UN or swimming, see below) seemed to look up to me and they'd say hi in the halls and stuff so that was nice.


&gt; Did you join any clubs?

Astronomy Club but mostly because it was nice to hang out in the planetarium and listen to the cool teacher tell us stories. Model United Nations was my JAM, I got really good at it, won some gavels, was club co-president w/ my best friend our senior year. I really enjoyed leading training sessions on stuff like how to formulate a convincing argument (Te much?), but I was the goofy one and my best friend (ENTJ) was way more serious and intimidating. Also I swam for my high school, and one of the girls on my team made it to Olympic Trials so that's cool. 


&gt; Did you defy stereotypes or did they fit you like a glove?

Stereotypical ESTJ things: felt like I had to control the image I projected. valedictorian. good at formulating arguments.

Non-stereotypical things: didn't really take notes, listen in class, or try very hard. described by my friends as "very laid back" socially. did not enforce or even pay attention to rules. wrote a lot of poetry in my spare time. goofier than the ENTJ. liked to watch sports and read makeup blogs. Couldn't take the poll, too busy crying about how terribly the options were organized. WHY would you make a 192-item list when the data you're collecting lends itself PERFECTLY to a 12*16 grid layout? ^also^astrology^is^bullshitYeah what is this "support the established methods of doing good" bullshit I'm not a robot 


Idk I honestly think typing by dichotomy-based tests will always have its faults even if you try to make the questions "unbiased". I'm extroverted in a completely different way than, say, an ENFP, so looking at functions is probably more productive. [Don't answer if you already know, obviously.](http://imgur.com/a/5WoUn)whoa, you look just like I imagined! 

Aww I totally agree with you but also your post smells like Te– I'm by no means an expert but (it sounds like you identify as ENTP?) see what you think about ExTJ if you haven't already. ^one^of^usNot a joke– you phrase things similarly to me and you just wrote a post about how the sub is biased towards N and P, so it's not illogical that I would think you were something other than ENTP. Again, I know I could be wrong so feel free to ignore me. INFP has the functions right, but the order wrong! I'm an ESTJ. :)close! ESTJHalf right! ESTJINFPs always strike me as thoughtful and deeply ethical, but maybe I'm lucky that all the INFPs I've come across are amazing people in general. how *you* doin'


But on a serious note I really agree about the Fe thing. I usually run into it with friends rather than romantic partners but it's this "emotions should be public and identity-defining and we have to ~connect~ over them" attitude. Since I tend towards "emotions should be politely ignored until they can be suitably addressed in private" you can imagine it's a bit off-putting.Aww nobody likes ESTJs so this warms my heart :)ESTJ. I'm pretty happy with my type. I loooove ISTPs but I don't think I'd be a good ISTP. I think ENxP would be fun but exhausting. For me it's closer to "My way or your way, but you should just be aware that your way will have an objectively worse outcome", lol.Alpha. 

(Ironically, for someone in Delta quadra.)Lol, my ISTP SO is a mechanical engineer, can't STAND chemistry. "If I can't touch it or manipulate it or see what's happening, how am I supposed to understand it?" Maybe his Se is ...unusually well-developed, haha.Aw this is adorable. Just tell us like normal people! If someone said "hey, I just want you to know I'm thankful we're friends" to me, it'd make my fucking week. Bonus points if you throw in a concrete example of something you're thankful for.Dunno what you're going for with "opposite" but if you mean INFP, then one of my best friends is INFP and it works out great for us. Keep an open mind! ESTJ- Engineering, my school offers a general degree but I've been taking more classes in mechanical lately. Also political science on the side so that I can boss people around more effectively. /s Being patient with people, especially a) people who naturally work especially slowly and b) people who need to ask tons of questions every step of the way. I've heard that everyone has a "baby version" of a different type if you flip the dom-aux with the tert-inf. Not sure whether this is universally true, but for me it definitely is! So I act pretty ENFP-ish in certain situations (drunk me is *definitely* an ENFP, haha) which can be a surprise for people who stereotype ESTJs as cheerless enforcers of rules. Ni doms. As in, I literally have a hard time understanding what Ni doms are talking about. It's like that one time we tried to read Finnegan's Wake in high school. ESTJ and I got ENTP. Dating an ENTP seems very tiring (I'm currently very happy with an ISTP) but it *is* the type I used to idolize so maybe that's not too surprising.I got 23 and I'm a sensor (Si aux, though, so maybe the least "sensey" of the sensors). For some reason I didn't have much trouble with the first three parts, but the shadows were near-impossible for me. I thought I was an ENTP when I was younger because I answered the tests based on what sounded cool. Stuffy, rule-abiding J or chill, flexible P? Grounded, sensible S or creative, abstract N? Nowadays I understand myself better (and also cognitive functions lol) but I guess it stuck with me in that I still think ENTPs are cool :)Ooh I'm not super familiar with enneagram but that makes a *ton* of sense. I'm e3 which is definitely consistent with it. If you don't mind, can you expand on how Ni interacts with that for you? Your explanation sounds like what I'd normally associate with Fi on first read but I also don't think I understand Ni very well so I'd be really interested to hear your perspective. Whoaaa... I've always thought of people as having "colors", since I was really little. So obviously not knowingly correlated to MBTI, but my colors specifically have always been navy blue and sunny yellow which is quite the coincidence.So if I wanted to exclude people who think an inconsistently applied, semi-scientific theory determines romantic attraction, I could just....not use the app? Brilliant!(Disclaimer: I'm not 100% sure these are all ESTJs but I'm going off of celebritytypes)


Michelle Obama, Margaret Thatcher, Hermione Granger. Strength and assertiveness can coexist with femininity! :)Nah, I think it's normal. My ISTJ SO makes me feel quite emotional in comparison sometimes. Also, T/F doesn't mean "no emotions"/"very emotions", it's more like... how you process it and how you give it weight in decision making. ESTJ. My SO and one of my best friends are both ISTP, so I think I can chime in here! In short, I think they can be great but it does takes a little work. 


Se and Si tend to play very well together, there's a mutual appreciation. I love going on adventures with the ISTPs in my life. They both tend to be pretty reserved in general, but really open up and are more outwardly enthusiastic when Se gets involved. It's almost as if we build up a catalogue of memories together which my Si is pretty good at referencing so it's fun for both of us. In both cases, a lot of our relationship is based around the physical world, experiences we've shared. 


Te and Ti are a little more difficult. Myself, friend, and SO are all engineers so we tend to approach problems somewhat similarly in terms of a "general engineer mindset". I've found that I'm more likely to jump directly to a solution and they'll alternate between being impressed at my speed and annoyed at my impatience. They also tend to spend a lot of time with their own mental models, and are sometimes unable to explain those mental models effectively, which I struggle with because I don't want to be missing information that they might possess. 


It's always going to be different from person to person, though. I think my friend tends to fall into the Ti-Ni loop a lot which means I have to accept that I won't always understand his thought processes. He'll just stare at a problem for like 20 minutes and then say "Ok got it" whereas I've been trying to talk it through, attack it from different angles, etc. My SO probably has a better developed Se at the expense of Ni, so I feel like I "get" him with less effort. He's also really impressed when I get super-Te-dominant, which is funny to me. I think his Ti tends to really build up from his academic background, whereas my Te is more like "yup this is right" and *then* has to justify it with math.  Yeah I agree with TK4442 that Fi is a good starting point. The "goes to parties even though introvert" thing is something I notice in all of my Se aux friends, so ISFP might also be worth considering. Awww thanks ❤️ I mean, we definitely can be annoying or bossy, lol. But it's not really the default mode! Yeah, I think I get what you mean- with a test you can just decide "how much does this specific thing apply to me" vs. "does this collection of things apply to me". However, while that may be true, I think the "bite-size" nature of test questions also makes them easier to misinterpret, which may cause more confusion in the long run. Yeah, I'm ESTJ with an ISTP and I really relate to that!ESTJ. Logic/math, language, and spatial. Last time we did this, everyone thought I was a feeler. [Anyways, here's my boring face.](https://i.imgur.com/t6ysxyf.jpg) ETA for mobile users: I'm an ESTJ :)You definitely have that "reserved but open" look that introverted thinking types tend to display, IMO. No, but now I'm going to have to! There are so few examples of female ESTJs who aren't just "bitch boss" stereotype... What's the character's name? ESTJ, 19/40. 

I thought the subcategories were interesting. I scored highest on Authority (not a surprise, can probably be explained by type) and Vanity (20 y/o female in the age of social media, also not a surprise), lowest on Exhibitionism and Entitlement. 

Some of the questions seemed bizarre to me- are there any humans who genuinely dislike ever being complimented? I have plenty of shy friends who will deflect compliments in a public setting, and that makes sense, but it seems like one would need to have incredibly low self-worth to genuinely dislike compliments. You seem like a nice person. Yeah, anyone who's participated in some sort of higher education will probably agree with the N questions even if they're an S type. "Are you able to think outside the box? Are you comfortable dealing with abstract ideas?" I mean, yes, I wouldn't have passed any of my math classes otherwise...?I am aux Si so maybe the least obvious sensor type but I'll give it a go in a disordered list. 

***

I love mechanical/civil engineering. I am good at spatial visualization. I despise proof-based math even though I'm okay at it. 


I hold on very strongly to specific sound-based memories, to the point where certain songs evoke entire physical landscapes for me. Same for smells and even some tactile sensations. 


I have been told that I am a good debater because I always have concrete examples. This backfires in "theory of [humanities discipline]" classes, where I can get bored/confused when the material is too disconnected from reality. 


Routines aren't part of my everyday life but they are crucial in performance situations for me. I have a specific test-taking environment, specific pre-swim-meet warmup, etc. 


(This is probably Te more than S, but I notice N types doing the opposite so?) I speak very directly and tend to finish my sentences without going off on tangents. (Well, if you're trying to start an argument...) Setting the clearly enormous ethical conditions aside, people are most useful when their productivity is maximized, which is more likely to occur in a capitalist system than a slavery-based one. Pragmatic Executive. It's so real it hurts. I like this idea so much! Some of the specific terminology fits better than others, but I think that's mostly a matter of different people taking different connotations from words. This will probably be Te-biased since I'm a Te dom. Hopefully you can mentally average it with the Ti-biased descriptions you've heard and come to a reasonably accurate average. 


Te is perhaps the clearest embodiment of a Judging function. Not in the sense of "judgmental", but in the sense that it analyzes and assesses all the information that it receives. Te is great at picking apart a design, finding the strengths and weaknesses of an argument, and iterating on an existing idea to improve it. I think Te is also good at deciding whether information is relevant. Ti, on the other hand, tends to be more focused on internal consistency. If I say that A and B are both observably accurate but they seem to contradict each other, Te will tend to be ok with that whereas Ti will blow a fuse. Ti is more focused on "this is logical" (the Ti dom I'm close to is almost Spock-like about it) whereas Te is more of the "this is useful/this works". 


**Te-Si rant incoming:** The whole "following a process" vs "being an independent thinker" thing is wildly overblown, IMO. Are most people genuinely coming up with novel problem-solving alternatives on a daily basis? Of course not. There's a reason everyone uses the Pythagorean Theorem to find the side lengths of a right triangle: it's simple, it's generalizable, it works. If someone is able to find Pythagorean Theorems for other areas of their life, so to speak, then I would consider that to be admirable and efficient rather than boring hivemind. Or another example: Human 1 creates a workout program that they know is reasonable yet challenging, and follows it regularly. Human 2 goes to the gym at random intervals and picks up weights based on whatever they think will be best that day. Which human will achieve better results? Is anyone congratulating Human 2 for incredible independent insight?I wouldn't call that "independent thinking", I'd call that "moral judgment" (to not to kick puppies in the first place), which is outside the purview of Te vs. Ti IMO. I think your typing process is really good! I don't have a lot of experience typing people, but since you're looking at ISTP/ESTJ, I'll weigh in and say that ESTJ seems more likely. All of the ISTPs I've met are aggressively unconcerned with social status, so OP's points 2 and 4 would be unusual. Also, I think most Ti doms tend to categorize themselves as "certainly introverted", whereas Te doms are more ambivalent since it's extroverted but not in a social/people-centered way. Yeah my results looked something like this. Ti and Te are hard to tell apart on tests. I feel like the description is generally accurate, but I'll add a couple caveats based on personal experience. 


- I think that as a general demographic trend, young people tend to be more idealistic and less set-in-their-ways. So the "efficient manager persona" might not be so obvious- I'm nearing the end of undergrad and only just seeing that side of me really develop. 


- Ne is a very "out there" function so I think it's pretty visible even in the tertiary position. Many people consider me as a creative, spontaneous, idea-generating type of person, though this is also dependent on environment. 


- Si can sometimes feel "grounded" or "black and white" but Si is also really intensely personal so it can seem abstract/intuitivey from an outsider's perspective. I'm an extroverted girl into introverted guys. Something for everyone out there!I always do homework with my ISTJ friend and sometimes we'll be confused and just ...making this face at each other. Can't stand internet INFP's, best friends with one in real life. I think people in MBTI communities online can come off as almost a caricature of their dominant function because a) you only know them at a surface level and b) to an extent, everyone in the forum is trying to "prove" they're an ABCD and not an EFGH. On the other hand, when you get to know a person IRL you can see all of their functions in a more holistic context (assuming they're reasonably mature), so instead of "FiTe me asshole" it's like "wow I could really learn from this person's emotional stability and sense of fairness."Yeah, I definitely see Se-Te loop more than I see ESTJ. Anakin is for sure an Se dom (seeking out new experiences, attuned to his environment, hates being patient/planning ahead) which kinda makes sense with the whole Force-User narrative if you think about it. Vader is calculating and authoritative in a way that can feel Te, but to me he's much more impulsive than an ESTJ/ENTJ would be. Compare Palpatine's Te use (especially in the Senate) which seems like a natural extension of his character vs. Vader's Te which seems disjointed and aggressive. ESFP seems like a good call. ESTJ! I think this is important because immature Te is so darn obvious so people tend to type immature ESTJs easily and ignore the mature ones, thus biasing the type description overall. By no means an expert but here's my general impression:


Immaturity: Always thinks they're right. Bossy. Inflexible. Can't handle delegating. Disparages people and skills they consider unimportant. Refuses to consider new ways of thinking. Similarly strict in their personal life, tries to "take over" in their hobbies (like overly serious PTA Bake Sale Mom.)


Maturity: Self-assured. Excited to develop the best possible solution and will eagerly listen to others' ideas and work with a team to develop that solution. Willing to update their mental models of how things should be done. Gains insight from past experiences and likes making connections with new information. Motivated in their personal life as well, enjoys putting energy into their hobbies. Often mine is a mundane/normal setting from my past with absurd elements thrown in. Like, I'm at a pool that I used to go to and I have swim practice, but the floor of the locker room is infinitely slippery so I can't leave, and the ceiling is covered in butterflies. Or I'm at my old elementary school but the chain link fence is hundreds of feet tall and some sketchy guy is chasing me so I gotta climb the fence. Also, giant waves have always been a recurring element in my dreams for some reason. Yeah, I think ENTJ would be fun, and INFP a fun diversion, but honestly I like my dom Te too much to really desire a different type. (Even though nobody likes ESTJs haha)immature INTPS: "Ackkkshuallyyyy..."expressing internal judgments: "Shouldn't we..", "Or we could do...", "I feel like that wouldn't work", "Ok definitely a possibility"


expressing external bitchiness: "Ugh", "Can you not", "Can we not", "That's so dumb", "No fuck off"


information gathering: "wait really?", "wait no what", "oh what's that like", "no wayyy!"


petrakay's verbal tics, possibly indicative of type as a whole, possibly not: "suboptimal", "oh hell yes", "oh hell no", "debatable", "that's a tough one", "are you for real"ESTJ, Pottermore says Slytherin, my friends say Gryffindor, I feel like a... Slyther-claw maybe?&gt; unfortunate work/school project deadlines


Si: on your birthday. which is also the day you got dumped last year.

Se: "sorry, what's due? when? shittttt"

Fi: "it's just a bad day for that to be due, ok? for me. it's not a good day."

Fe: on your friend's birthday. and you were going to their party and then to a concert and their really hot cousin was going to be there and ughhhhh

Ne: has never actually *finished* a project, so all deadlines are unfortunate deadlines

Ni: all signs are pointing to you getting sick the day before the deadline

Te: not soon enough for you to justify a hostile takeover of the project, too soon to teach your incompetent teammates how to do their work correctly

Ti: it literally makes no sense for it to be due Tuesday at 8:23 and it's making my brain hurt can i just do it all myself and then turn it in when i want pleaseas an ESTJ, I don't understand your reasoning but damn if I don't love that song &lt;3oh, duh! good choice! for some reason I was interpreting it as "ESTJs would enjoy that song" vs. "ESTJs are represented that song". (blushes) oh wait you're mirrorconspiracies! i saw you in the "show your face" thread and you're super cute wowAssuming you're actually an INTP, I think it can be really hard in general for high-Ti low-Fe types to communicate their emotional needs and desires, especially in a friendship/relationship setting. My SO is suuuper ISTP and compared to other guys I've dated, I definitely have to be a lot more careful in making sure he's getting what he wants out of the relationship, because otherwise he'll happily do whatever I ask while being silently disappointed that I didn't magically guess and fulfill his own desires. I'm not saying that what you experienced isn't valid, because people of any type can be "charming yet manipulative" and high Feeling users are probably in a good position to do that naturally/unknowingly. However, relationships always require a lot of communication, and this is probably even more true when different cognitive functions are involved.I enjoy reading more analysis-type news, like IR blogs and some of the long-form articles that NY Times and others put out. I don't enjoy clearly partisan news sources, nor do I much care to read articles that are just summarizing an event that occurred. I have opinions about the best way to do things and the political platforms/policies that would bring about those best ways, but I wouldn't exactly consider myself a politically active person. Also my small college campus leans hyper-liberal, so abstaining from debate completely seems to be the only way to prevent offense. ESTJ. Facial expressions, yeah. Posture, maybe, but only in a crude sense (like introverted people tend to be more "closed off" physically). The fact that the "guess my type based on what I look like" threads tend to be full of wildly incorrect guesses suggests that typing based on physical appearance is a crapshoot. If you're ok with sad music: Hospice by the Antlers. Whoa what an emotional, unusual album. 


Otherwise, I recently rediscovered my love for Fleet Foxes!Yeah, that's the thing- I'm not sure how to differentiate my perceptions of others from my own lens of seeing the world! Ooh that's an interesting way to think about it. Definitely A and C both seem plausible- he has anxiety so he tends to get pretty "wound up" when stressed. Yeah, definitely introverted and definitely practical. I've never seen him choose creative stuff if there's work to be done- often I have to remind him to make time for non-work things, as he'll come home and want to try and debug his code. He gets annoyed by people who don't plan things out or who have big goals but no process to achieve them. So ISTJ it is! Thanks for your insight!Cool quiz, OP! I think it's pretty clear which questions test for which functions, but that's not necessarily a bad thing, especially for people who aren't super-into with MBTI the way this sub is. 


Also: I'm ESTJ and got ENTJ, and I notice other S's typing as N's in this thread. You might want to think about rewording those questions so that the N option doesn't always sound more "exciting" – I find that a ton of online tests get N/S and J/P wrong because IRL, almost everyone thinks they're creative and flexible. I think this is probably more enneagram related than MBTI related, because I think of enneagram as more of an emotional description (fears, desires, self-concept) than a cognitive one. So for a general example: enneagram 3 values achievement and is afraid of being worthless/not good enough. Words of affirmation might be very powerful to them because it's a way to recognize their "achievement" of being a good partner/human being/etc. &gt; when they're not in charge of something? 

Fine, as long as the person who is in charge is moderately competent and willing to listen to others' input. 

&gt; Or when people don't take their orders? 

Doesn't bother me if they have a reason for it. I'm not really the "orders" type. If they just refuse to do it without giving any reason or offering alternatives, then yeah, I'll get annoyed, and probably think of them as a bit immature. 

&gt; Or when someone who is in charge gives stupid orders?

Depending on my mood I either completely check out or get unreasonably snarky and argumentative. It's definitely not my best quality, but it's a long-ingrained habit from the public education system, lol. Inferior Fi here. It affects me a lot but usually not in a way that I can identify as "oh I'm being Fi" until later. 

**Example 1:** I'm at a party and meet someone who I immediately dislike, but can't figure out why. Fi is telling me "this person sucks" but since it's not high in my stack, I don't get to use it in a very sophisticated or articulate way. So it usually takes a couple days for me to realize, "oh, that person was being really inauthentic and putting on an act, and that goes against my values, so that's probably why I didn't like them". 

**Example 2:**I'm working a new job and am objectively doing well at it, but I feel bored and tired all the time. After several weeks of low-key depression and Te doing the "you'll be happy if you achieve all the things!" bullshit, I finally realize that I have no passion for my work and that's why work is so tiring. So my Fi does the same inward-looking emotional evaluation that everyone else's Fi does, but mine is quite literally the inferior version. Usually I get "impressions" and have to work very hard to figure out *why* I have a certain bias or feel a certain way. It's ok we can hang out and enforce rules for fun because apparently that's all we are good for  /s (or should I say /Si)Lots of people's bosses are gone, and things don't get done as quickly or efficiently as before. So basically, nobody notices. Yeah, that's kind of what a dominant function does :) I always feel best in organizing mode, like when I'm cleaning my room and I know that it'll be all fresh and light and comfy when I'm done. When I have downtime and I'm bored I'll start planning - I love to travel, so planning inexpensive/low-overhead trips is really fun for me. Doing things that are "productive" for me personally (i.e. meal prep feels productive, filling out forms does not) is a very happy/relaxing place to be. I'm Si aux dating an Si dom so I can try to answer your questions from both perspectives. 


&gt; daydreaming?


Me: I don't tend to daydream a ton... like my mind wanders a lot, yes, but it tends to be related to stuff that I've actually experienced. Or if I've been watching Game of Thrones it'll be stuff about Westeros, wondering about loose ends the show didn't wrap up. So it tends to be based in reality. 


Him: same as me, but more intense. Like he'll watch a 2 min video about Elon Musk and that gets mixed up with stuff he's learned in school and other articles he's come across and then his mind will wander to space elevators or something. But it's more directed than what I think of as "daydreaming". 


&gt; face value? 


Both of us: definitely not more than any other types. We tend to compare new information to past experiences/memories pretty extensively and if something doesn't add up, we will definitely notice.  


&gt; strength of imagination


I think this is a lot more correlated with interests and environment than type per se. High stack intuition can read as "imagination" because the thought process of Ne/Ni is very opaque. 


&gt; conformist? 


Me: yes, but only for things that don't matter morally to me. If I'm going to a party I'd prefer to be dressed similarly to everyone else because that's not important to me. But I would never e.g. go vegan just because I live in SoCal and all my friends are vegan. 


Him: absolutely, but personally conformist rather than externally conformist. What I mean is that he wants to conform to/fit in with his own environment, rather than some external standard. Like his own environment (school+his friends+internet+whatever) really values scientific knowledge so he does too, even if you dropped him into a really scientifically ignorant community. 


I think this depends a lot on the person, honestly; people can be conformist for all kinds of reasons. I know a lot of Fe doms who are conformist to "keep the peace", for example. 


&gt; inferior Ne


Him: usually most obvious when he's stressed or upset. Ne will make predictions about future events that are unlikely to happen ("I'm just afraid that if I do badly on this assignment I'll fail the class"). Inf Ne under stress will also tend to pull from Si in an inaccurate way and extrapolate to an unreasonable conclusion, if that makes sense. ("Last time I ate pasta I felt sick, and I was reading this article about pesticides, so I think I should go keto.") Narcissism 6th percentile, Machiavellianism 40th percentile, Psychopathy 0th percentile. 


...Is it just me or is /mbti a Machiavellian group in general?[I thought the questions were kinda bad but not all ESTJs are authoritarians apparently](https://www.politicalcompass.org/yourpoliticalcompass?ec=-5.38&amp;soc=-4.41)Yeah my introverted intuiting friends are always like “we can describe gravitation as inducing curvature in spacetime” and as an extroverted sensor I can only respond “speaking of curvature do you think Kendall Jenner got ass implants” 


Seriously though, I have my doubts about the chart as well but resorting to lazy stereotypes doesn’t further discussion. Bon Iver is extremely Si-Ne axis to me. &gt; This one is about patterns you have noticed in your thoughts. How do thoughts arrive in your brain, in form and function? How do you go about solving problems? Do you find yourself always coming back to certain things? Do you find yourself wandering off? How do you make connections? How much control do you feel you have over your thoughts?

I have two main modes of thinking: one-dimensional and N-dimensional. When I’m confronted with an immediate problem (for example, car needs gas) I think in a very straightforward way, where each thought follows from the next with the goal of addressing the problem at hand. (Where do you get gas? -&gt; gas station, what’s the cheapest gas station -&gt; Arco, where’s the nearest Arco -&gt; 1.2 miles). In one-dimensional mode I’m very focused and arrive at a solution quickly and efficiently. When the problem is broader or more ill-defined, I think in “N dimensions”, where my mind associates between seemingly disconnected concepts to create a multidimensional web of connections. If I’m thinking about philosophy, for example, I might have a “politics dimension” and a “personal experience dimension” and a “book I’ve read that resonated with me” dimension, and things can be linked between different dimensions. N-dimensional mode isn’t really about coming up with a solution, but rather about generating the most number of possibilities to evaluate using often unconventional associations. 

&gt; This one is about your emotional profile. What things affect you emotionally and what things do not? Where do you invest your emotional energy? What does strong emotion feel like, or even look or sound like? How do different emotions interact with each other? Do you seek out emotionally stimulating experiences? Which emotions are particularly powerful to you?

My own performance affects me emotionally– if I fail to accomplish a goal I will be frustrated, if I solve a problem I’ve been working on I’ll be quite joyful. This applies to my job but also to personal stuff like whether or not I went to the gym. The opinions/feelings of others don’t emotionally affect me much, except for my partner and one or two close friends. I think shame and pride are the two strongest emotions in my world. Shame feels like a crushing weight on my chest that pulls my head down to look at it. Joy feels like a reduction of gravity that pulls me upwards and makes me laugh out loud. 


&gt; This one is about your imagination and mental imagery. How vivid is your inner world? What is it like (sensual/verbal, chaotic/ordered)? What do you imagine sometimes, and what do you imagine usually? Are there many disparate ideas or common ones? How in touch are you with the immaterial? How do you talk to yourself? Are you cold and detached from your thoughts or do you identify with them?

My inner world is quite vivid and almost entirely verbal. At one point in my life, I tried to intentionally organize my inner world, but I found that it made me feel a bit empty and…bored, honestly. So now I’m happy with how chaotic it is, like a jungle rather than a garden. I do have a very good memory, so I can get away with being a bit more imaginative and mentally disordered. I often imagine the future in terms of my own trajectory, as well as the ways the world around me will change (flying cars??). Sometimes, I imagine alternate realities or sci-fi worlds; when I was a kid I really wanted to live in the Star Wars universe and honestly that hasn’t entirely gone away. 

&gt; This one is about your energy levels and disposition. How do you come off to others, and how would you like to come off? Are you calm and tranquil? Are you bursting with energy and resistant to sitting still? Are you blunt or warm, logical or emotional, stiff or flexible? Are you tired and inactive at times? What things affect your energy the most? What is energy to you? How does your energy interact with the energy of others?

People have told me that my most obvious character trait is “really having my shit together”. I come off as very emotionally stable compared to the average young adult, and have many “masculine” character traits– ambitious, assertive, independent, and logical. However, I definitely don’t come off as “cold” or stiff either, I’m quite sociable and enjoy talking to people and making them laugh. My natural state is to be pretty active and energetic, but I do naturally adapt to the mood of the room, and I have a lot of super-introverted friends who appreciate my acceptance of a quieter, lower-energy environment. I’m very happy with how I come off to others. Anything else would feel inauthentic. 

&gt; This one is about how you interact with the world socially and how you relate with others. Do you have a lot of friends? Have you always had a lot of friends? Are you a loner? Do you enjoy social events and which ones? What types of people are you drawn to or away from? What things turn you off about a potential friend or mate and what do you look for? What types of people do you find yourself running into often?

I’ve always had a few very close friends, but a large circle of casual acquaintances. Clubs/bars can feel dissociating (it depends on who I know), but I like social events where an activity is taking place (pickup sports, bar trivia, game nights, etc) and I don’t mind parties. I enjoy people who are confident and comfortable in their own skin. Needy people, people who fish for compliments, or people who project their insecurities onto others turn me off more than anything else. 

&gt; This one is about your intellectual profile. What things interest and inspire you? What does inspiration feel like, or look like? What do you look for in interests/activities? How do you find your path in life? What ideas or concepts are particularly intriguing or sparking to you? What ideas are you troubled by? Are you interests consistent or constantly evolving? What is understanding to you and how important is it? What role does logic play in your thoughts?

The idea of exploration and pushing the limits of human knowledge has always been deeply inspirational to me. I work in the space industry so obviously that’s one of my biggest interests. I also spend a lot of time thinking about philosophy. Old-school sci-fi (Hyperion, Dune, lots of Asimov stuff) is my favorite book genre by FAR because it generally provides a lens through which to examine interesting philosophical questions. I also have a lot of interest in understanding how systems work (whether political systems, engineering systems, social systems, whatever). My interests are constantly evolving within these areas but generally fit into common themes. I’ll pick up random “side” interests (bread-baking, climbing, language-learning) for anywhere from months to years at a time, but those aren’t quite as near to me. 


(continuing on because I wrote too much and exceeded the character limit...)

&gt; This one is about any neuroses you may have. What do you seem to fear or shy away from? What is the concept of fear to you and how does it impact you? How does adversity impact you? Have you ever struggled with mental illness? How quickly do negative emotions come and go, and how powerful are they? What do they feel like, sound like, or look like? Are you ever self-destructive and how?

On a deep level, I’m terrified of being mediocre, of not having any worthwhile ideas, of being boring and having no impact on anything. Because of that, I tend to fear new situations where I have to “prove myself”. However, I see fear as something that does not reflect the best I have to offer the world, and ultimately gets in the way of my goals, so I try to accept that I feel fear while logically recognizing that I do not have to be ruled by it. I have struggled with anxiety in the past but found it manageable with a combination of therapy, diet + exercise, and introspection. Sometimes I can be self-destructive in the sense that I limit my own potential by telling myself I’m not good enough or that I can’t accomplish something. I try to be very conscious of these instances, though, and I am lucky to have a partner who notices these patterns and gently reminds me of it. 

&gt; This one is about how you view your childhood. Were there any outlying circumstances? How does it affect who you are today? What does it feel like to look back, both emotionally and sensually? What things bring back memories for you? How much do you actually remember and how vividly? What is your concept of time and the past? How does it interact with the present and future? What was it like being a child?

I learned to read and write around age 4 and my memories from then on are quite vivid and verbal. However, I didn’t have the best relationship with my parents. My dad was a stereotypical “Asian tiger dad” who was quite stern and critical. My mom was a stereotypical “rich white mom” who cared about her kids looking good and not rocking the boat, but at the expense of their own development and independence. I like my parents and appreciate what they did for me, but I don’t have a ton of respect for their parenting style. I was also quite a nerdy kid and didn’t have many friends, so most of my childhood memories are rather lonely. Things like climbing a really tall tree and sitting there with a sketchbook and markers, trying to draw the people below. Or crying in the bathroom at a swim meet because I didn’t get the time I wanted and my coach was disappointed. Or leaning against the fence at recess, watching the other kids play and listening to the jangly sound of the chain links as a ball bounced off the fence.  

&gt; This one attempts to delve deeper through looking at dream content. How do you experience dreams (content, subject, people, vividness etc.)? How often do you remember or share you dreams? Do you ever have recurring dreams and what are they about? Do your dreams impact your waking life? Have you noticed any patterns in dreams? Have you lucid dreamt?

My dreams are quite vivid and in color. I remember most of them. About half of them are warped versions of actual events and I think it’s my brain trying to subconsciously process my day. (For example, if I argued with a friend, she might show up in my dream but behind a wall/wearing headphones, and it’s a subconscious expression of feeling like I can’t get through to her.) The other half of my dreams are fantastical and vivid. I do have a recurring dream that has shown up every few months since puberty. I’m walking on a beach towards the water. The details of the beach vary every time– with people/alone, city/wilderness, sandy/rocky, warm/cold, big/small, etc. But I always feel compelled to walk towards the water, and as I approach the water I realize that the waves are huge. Skyscraper-size. Unreasonable-apocalypse-movie-size. I realize that if I’m hit by a wave like this, I will certainly die. But I keep walking, and the waves begin to break without moving forward. As if it’s a gif on infinite loop, or as if there’s glass between the waves and I. They’re breaking, but not coming closer to me. And I walk up to the very edge of the wave, and stand under it, and feel very calm, and then I wake up.

&gt; This last question is the hardest because it deals with archetypes. You may have seen certain types or archetypes appear again and again throughout literature, movies, art, and even dreams. For example, consider tropes like the hero’s journey or the wise old man. Are there any archetypes that feel nearer or further to you? Which ones feel the most powerful in general? List anything you can think of.

Heroes: I’ve always wanted to be a hero, in a sense. The idea feels very near to me and very emotionally affecting, the idea of one man (or woman) standing against overwhelming forces of destruction and prevailing.

Explorers: I idolized Amelia Earhart for so long. As I said, I like space, and the idea of making it your life’s goal to gain knowledge that nobody else possesses, see something that nobody else has, feels very near to me. 

On the other hand, a lot of stereotypical female archetypes: the princess, the mother/protector/nurturer, the wise old nature woman, the seductive femme fatale, all of those feel very far away from me. That stressed me out a lot growing up because I felt like I was somehow broken, or misaligned with my gender. Since then I have realized that I am quite happy being female and I simply feel little connection with traditional gender roles, which is fine. Thank you for taking the time to do this! I agree that I'm Te everywhere, and perhaps it's because I'm still relatively young (22). Can you elaborate on what in 1 and 3 led you to say Ni? I ask because I've been waffling back and forth on ENTJ/ESTJ for a while, and I identify with some of the "surface-level" Si stuff (good memory, knowing what has worked in the past), but Ni is pretty difficult to suss out as a function. 1) I think I'd go with the second book. It's important to me that I understand the method, and I'm pretty confident in my ability to work forward from a set of principles to get to an answer. Also, it seems like a general solution scheme will be really nice to know in the future. But I'm approaching this from the context of engineering student-dom, so I could be biased by that.


2) Definitely tell it differently! What might seem boring to one person would be a crucial detail to another person. I'm not trying to convey the same information every time, so telling it the same way would be a disservice to me and the listener. I also just like the mental exercise of finding ways to frame the same thing from a multitude of perspectives. Memory- I’d say that my memory is quite detailed, but not necessarily focused on sense perception. To give an example, my sister is definitively an Si dom and if we go to a restaurant together she’ll remember like “you were wearing a red dress, I ordered a chicken salad, the tabletops were really high, it was cold in there, the food tasted salty...” For me, it’ll be more like “so we had a hard time finding parking and then when we got there, it reminded me of a place I used to go in high school, but the music was way louder, which totally didn’t fit the vibe. Maybe we should have parked out back instead. Anyway...” But I do have an excellent memory for facts, even detailed or obscure ones. 


Someone’s face- usually if I actually try to form a clear mental image of someone’s face, I have a hard time. It’s actually worse the better I know the person, because I’ll have a lot of “possible faces”/remembered faces that my brain has trouble consolidating into a single one. So the image will kind of shift around any time I try to hold the whole face in my mind at once. I discovered this awhile ago and it freaked me out (I can’t remember my boyfriend’s face?!), so I figured out a trick to get around it. If I imagine a specific activity or context (e.g. boyfriend and I are lifting together and he just looked up at me after completing a set) it’s much easier for me to get a clear mental image, and then it’s generally in motion, like a one or two second movie in my head. Oh like “Tallinn is the capital of Estonia” or “the Schwarzchild radius marks the point at which a given quantity of mass within that radius becomes a black hole” or “Bolero and Carmen are both by Ravel.” I’m *really* good at crosswords because of this. Once I learn a piece of information it just...sticks. Anecdotally, the ISTPs I’ve met have been quite cynical and appreciate deadpan humor. That reminds me of your points. 


How do you feel about physical experiences? most Se-dom people I know have some “thing” (foodie, surfer, climber, jazz musician) that gets them in touch with their senses/the physical world. Also the Se doms I know like taking risks. 


In my experience Te-Fi people think of themselves as having a specific “internal moral code”, and then fitting their behaviors to be coherent with that code. Ti-Fe people are a lot more relaxed and pragmatic about what they will and won’t do (even if the results are the same as Te-Fi people), and sort of build their morals around their behavior.I got ESTJ 80%, ENTJ 15%, ESTP 5%. I’m an ENTJ. 


My guess is that you might need to do a bit better job differentiating between Si and Se? I answered the Se-ish questions affirmatively (“spicy foods”, “adventure”) which might have skewed S higher in general. Also Ni is really hard to test for so I don’t fault you there. Especially aux Ni in an ENTJ, since the usual “scatterbrained” stuff doesn’t really apply. Si users. Oh my gOD Si users. "Tradition" in the cognitive function sense doesn't mean religion and America and listen-to-your-parents. It's more about congruence with your own personal environment. If you're anywhere close to Reddit's average demographic, the ISTJs/ISFJs in your life are probably atheist, socially liberal techies. Yeah, I certainly don't mean to make light of bipolar, but the first time I read about hypomania, I was like...wait isn't that just called "normal life before you get depressed and burnt out"? I think EXTJs tend to be *really* Te in their everyday lives and because of that can come off as rather intense and serious. But if they like you a lot you’ll generally see a rather earnest and straightforward pursuit based around their tertiary (“fun”) function. 


ESTJ (tert Ne): wants to discuss crazy ideas with you, probably debates you but in a goofy/lighthearted way, wants to brainstorm cool things you guys could do together, gets super excited because they feel like they can talk to you 


ENTJ (tert Se): wants to get food or do an activity with you, points out stuff that they find cool/think you’ll find cool, may get a little touchy (not in a creepy way but standing closer to you, lightly touching your shoulder when getting your attention, etc)ISTPs are already kind of stubborn, loner-y people and when unhealthy they take the “I’ll do it my own way” attitude to an annoying extreme. 

- Ti-Ni loops where they come up with ideas but aren’t willing to explain them to anyone else so it’s just like “I’m right and if you can’t see why, fuck off”

- disregard for social norms, like wanting to wear sweatpants to a wedding 

- equating following social norms to being “boring” or a “sheep” which is why it’s cool to wear sweatpants to a wedding apparently

- very uncommunicative, especially if emotions are involved. The kings/queens of saying “nothing’s wrong” and making you do all the work to figure out what the actual problem is. 

- easily distracted, especially physically (fidgeting with stuff rather than listening to people, etc)


Unhealthy Ti-dom stereotypes in general: That really shitty prof who expects you to magically guess what s/he wants based off of a sparse and unclear syllabus, Trenchcoat Kids and their adult equivalents, sports guy who never communicates with his teammates unless he has unilaterally decided that a mistake was somebody else’s faultI really like Dune. I think a lot of different types could get something out of it. So, the thread yesterday about attraction between types got me thinking! A little background: I'm an ESTJ and my last serious relationship was with an INTP. Currently in the beginning phase of ...well, something exciting, anyways, with an ISTP. What do all these types have in common? Inferior Feeling! 


Contrary to popular belief, us inferior Fi/Fe types aren't emotionless robots. In fact, we have TONS of emotions, but tend to be horrible at processing them or expressing them in a constructive manner. This was actually a huge problem in my last relationship, with arguments often devolving into "You're being irrational!" "PEOPLE are irrational!" like some sort of goofy MBTI stereotypes skit. 


Anyways, I would really like to avoid this in the future, so my questions are: low-stack feeling types who have a successful relationship, how do you make it work? Any tips for communication, processing emotions, etc? (Or for dominant feeling types, what do you think we're doing wrong?)We've all had those days where we're just down on ourselves for whatever reason. I've anecdotally noticed that the most common and negative self-talk seems to go hand in hand with dominant function. Essentially, when you feel really bad about yourself it's because you feel like you're not able to use your dominant function, or you're not "good at" your dominant function. This is not a well-fleshed-out idea yet but I'd be interested to hear others' feedback. What is your dominant function, and what do you tend to be critical of in yourself? Does there seem to be a connection?


Examples that I've noticed: I am ESTJ. My negative self-talk is usually along the lines of: "you're lazy, you're incompetent, you're a fraud who can't get anything done", which is basically a synonym for "your Te is bad". My suitemate is Fe dom and when she's feeling down it usually manifests in the form of "Nobody wants my help, nobody likes me" (which I guess is Fe?), and my Fi friend just tends to go through existential crises because they "don't believe in or care about anything anymore".  I personally don't have too much trouble figuring out what function axes someone is on. Ti-Fe sticks out to me immediately as "this person does not think/process things the same way I do" – not necessarily in a bad way, just in an obvious way, whereas with Te-Fi people I can generally see their thought process even if I do not agree with them. Similarly with Si-Ne vs. Se-Ni, I find that it's pretty easy to tell based on the types of experiences somebody seeks out and what they find enjoyable about those experiences. Hard to describe but yeah, generally I can tell someone's function axes pretty quickly. The difficult part is determining function order.


General questions: What cues do you use to determine someone's function order? Are there tipoffs that tell you what someone's dom or aux is? 

***

My specific situation, in case anyone feels like helping me figure it out (feel free to ignore): I'm definitely sure that my SO uses Te, Fi, Si, Ne in some order. It's not a case of "omg, we're soooo alike", because we're not, and Te is the only one that definitely *isn't* his dom, haha. But I feel like each of the others are equally plausible. **Fi:** has a very strong internal sense of how things "should" be morally, and gets very upset when people deviate from that. He'll often attempt to articulate what's "just the right thing to do" or "just wrong" based on his own conceptual understanding of the world. Thinks a lot, almost to the point of anxiety, about his own actions– for example, he values thinking before speaking, and one time he made a political facebook post that might have been somewhat impulsive. He then spent the next few days trying to figure out whether it was the right thing to do, concluded it wasn't, and then tried to figure out what led him to post it if he knew it wasn't the right thing to do. **Ne:** He loves finding patterns in data and looking at different interpretations of things. He's constantly trying to come up with the "meaning" of songs he likes, things he's observed, etc. He always gets super excited when he's doing something creative, whether it's improvising music or figuring out how to solve a rock-climbing problem, and he says the exciting part is seeing all the different possibilities. **Si:** Has a strong memory of his own past. Starts every day with Timehop (an app shows you your own social media posts from 1, 2, 3... years ago) and enjoys remembering each post in the context of what was going on in his life at the time. Very into music, but from an "Si-y" point of view. For example, he'll play me a Beatles song and then tell me about how it was written after John's mother died, focusing on what the music means over how it sounds. So yeah, Fi, Ne, Si all seem kind of plausible as a dominant function and I don't know how to decide between them.
I think Shane may be an ISTP. He gets really anxious around people and likes to know/plan details. Possibly an INTP. But I think he's a Introvert.This is exactly what I was looking for. Thank you so much! I'm an ESTJ and as far as movies go, I love myself a good Murder Mystery or any type of mystery that I can challenge myself to solve before the main characters. For TV Shows, I like reality competition shows like Survivor, Big Brother, Hell's Kitchen, and anything where people are eliminated or voted off. But I HATE stuff like The Bachelor. My favorite shows are Big Brother, Survivor, and Whodunnit (which was sadly cancelled). Im an ESTJ, just to clarify.

My favorite 3 Pixar movies are The Incredibles, Ratatouille, and Monsters Inc. in no particular order. 

My least favorites are Cars, A Bug's Life, and Toy Story 2 with Cars probably being my least favorite. 

In general Pixar movies are great, but very predictable, so I have found myself getting bored watching them on a few occasions. You're either an ENTJ or an ESTJ with the ego of an ENTJ.  I'm an ESTJ. The biggest thing for me in any relationship, romantic or otherwise, is that the person has to be able to understand my humor and be intelligent enough to keep up with me intellectually. Also, loyalty and reliability are huge because ESTJs hate plan changes or delays. I would definitely avoid talking about exes or ESTJs get jealous. Ask him/her a lot of questions about something the ESTJ is interested in and show genuine interest in talking/learning about it as ESTJs love talking and build relationships through common bonds. Hopefully this helps even slightly.Im an ESTJ. I dont ever get super drunk. I generally stop at tipsy or slightly past. But I get really clumsy (which I suppose is normal) and I get really apologetic to everyone and apologize for everything Ive done wrong to them and make sure I text all my friends letting them know I appreciate them and love them. I also confess some stuff to friends, but nothing too dark or too personal. I also get curious as to what tasks I can still accomplish while intoxicated and do experiments before and after drinking to see how impaired I become. Also, I can very easily act like I am not drunk, according to my friends.;) Always.INTJs and ESTJs are huuuuuge grudge holders and dont get over stuff easily.Yes! I thought I was an ENTJ for 3-4 years and then a few months ago, I was typed via video call by multiple people as being an ESTJ. I looked into it, and they are completely correct. I am most definitely an ESTJ.Basically.I'm an ESTJ, and although I would agree that about 90% the time ESTJs are Lawful Neutral, there is a small 10% chunk that comes out and we become EXTREMELY Chaotic Evil. Its fun, because no one knows when it'll come out or what will happen.These are great so far! Can't wait for more!Pretty accurate for me being an ESTJ.Makes sense. Caffeine has little to no effect on me mentally or physically that I can notice. Alcohol makes me more outgoing and chatty about gossip. But thats about it.

Im an ESTJ. This is so typical of an ENTJ.If Im around people, I look straight ahead. No eye contact unless someone speaks to me. If Im not around people I look around and notice details about the scenery.

Im an ESTJ.You really dislike ESTJs...ISTP[Here ](https://imgur.com/a/zg3wE) are 2 pictures of me with different haircuts.I guess I didn't notice from that angle they do look basically the same. The blonde one is about 2 inches longer than the brown one in the front and about an inch longer on top. But yeah, they do look similar.Also, Im an ESTJESTJESTJI actually used to believe I was an ENTJ until I was typed via videochat by several people, so I guess you weren't too far off. I would've guess I was an ENTJ.I love horror movies and often find myself rooting for the killer. Is that bad? Lol. But yeah, I have blue eyes.... they just look green here.I have...issues... with a lot of ESFPs.... Im an ESTJ.Boooo. Hissss. 😉ESTJ.Either you're really good at guessing, or you're really good at cheating.I'm mildy-decently impressed.Is that normal for an ESTJ?Before I begin, I am an ESTJ, but many of these characters are not.

Dorothy Zbornak- Golden Girls
Finnick Odair- The Hunger Games
Barney Stinson- How I Met Your Mother
Cal Vandeusen- Harper's Island
Lotus- 9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors
Plankton- Spongebob Squarepants
Shawn Spencer- Psych
Hotch- Criminal Minds

No particular order other than they appear in the order in which I thought of them.I'm an ESTJ. I usually don't procrastinate until the last possible second, but I do put stuff off. Usually I do work in short bursts of energy and "Oh shit. I really need to work on this." An example I can think of is a 35 page paper I had to write last semester at university. A week before it was due, I was only 5 pages in. So every day I forced myself to write 5 pages. But in one sitting, I never could write more than 3 pages without wanting to jump out my window (5th floor). So I had to force myself to sit down twice a day and work through short energy bursts. And I always have to have a reward for myself, whether it be food, socialization, Netflix, or other.ESTJ: Everyone else shut up and listen to me because I'm right about this.That's mainly because we convince ourselves we don't want to do it all in one day. That's really my only motivation.I'm an ESTJ. Id probably want an ENTP to do all the work I tell him/her to do and maybe an INTJ to figure out how to get off the island. Those are just my first thoughts though, without me actually planning out all of the possibilities. Yeah... ENTP probably gets fed up with me and INTJ plants the seed in his head to kill me. End result: I die and the INTJ escapes the island alone while a greif-stricken ENTP lives a guilt-filled life alone on the island.Yay ESTJs being important!As an ESTJ male, you have just described my perfect woman. Well done.Mine. Lol. ESTJs.I'm an ESTJ and I pretty much always sleep on my left side cuddling a body pillow.Noooooo. Im an ESTJ Libertarian.I definitely think it's any ExTx type. But that's just my personal observation. Obviously everyone probably has different feelings on this.Sass.Awww, shucks.... Thank you.ESTJs like to be told that their plans were good/fun! If an ESTJ plans an activity and you enjoyed it, let him/her know. The big thing for me, personally, is to be told audibly that whatever I put a lot of time/energy into planning was fun or well done.Probably strong Fi because these people are impossible to use logic with.Lol. My major does not match up with what you'd expect for my type. I'm an ESTJ majoring in Music Composition/Filmscoring. Admittedly I'd also enjoy Orchestral Conducting. My backup plan used to be Criminal Profiling, but Composition is going extremely well for me and I'll be going into my senior year at university in a few weeks!


-Music Composition: Writing original music for orchestras and bands. 

-Filmscoring: Writing original music for commercials/tv/movies.

-Orchestral Conducting: Learning how to be that guy who waves the stick at the orchestra to make them play.

-Criminal Profiling: Learning how to catch bad guys based on behavioral analysis, patterns, etc... 


Goofy- ENFP

Witty- INTJ

Dorky- ISTP

Bubbly- ESFP

Frank- ESTJ

Affectionate- ESFJ

Sassy- ENTJ/ESFP

Those are just my first impressions and are largely based on the people that I know.It actually really helps being a Te dom with Music Composition. I can easily organize my musical ideas and already know what will and won't work musically. If I were to go with conducting, I would be in charge of the orchestra, basically.Well, when you compose music, there are multiple levels. 

Level 1 is the idea of a piece (song). This is where you use emotion. This is the stage you decide what the piece is going to be about and how you want the audience and musicians to feel after the piece ends. This also includes basic music theory, which all musicians should know. Examples include: Romeo and Juliet= Love. Jaws Theme= Fear. 

Level 2 is creating a melody or general musical ideas/phrases. This is when you figure out what notes and chords in what combination will best help you achieve the idea you created in Level 1. Examples: Minor melodies generate sadness. Marches are always in 4/4 or 2/4. Waltzes are in 3. Use a Phrygian Mode for Middle-Eastern music.

Level 3 is instrumentation. This is where a lot of musicians fail. It's knowing which instruments need to be used to present what lines. Knowing when to double parts, and what instruments are used in what ensembles, what instruments sound good together playing certain lines. Examples: There are no saxophones in orchestras. The French Horn transposes to the key of F. Should I use a Bb Trumpet or a C Trumpet? Violas often double Violin parts down an octave. 

Level 4 is making sure all the individual parts are playable. This is knowing and having memorized the range of every instrument, the limitations of each instrument, technical details of every instrument, and most importantly, playability. Examples: Clarinetists can not double-tongue. The lowest note on a Violin is a G. Vibraphone parts can use 4 mallets. Flutes in the low range are too quiet to play this part. The fingering combination for this run on the Oboe part is terrible, and should be changed. This glissando is impossible for a Trombone to play.

Most musicians (not composers) are good at Level 1 and get worse as each level progresses downward. This is why most people can not compose music. They don't know what sounds good together and can not come up with a decent product. I, however, being a Te-Si, do amazing at Levels 3 and 4 because I can handle the detailed parts and organizational elements. And any college-level musician should be able to handle Level 1. So really, Level 2 is the most difficult for me. 

Yes, you have to be able to shown an emotion through music, but you don't have to feel it yourself to express it. At least in my opinion.

As far as conducting, you must have a conductor to make sure everyone is expressing in the same way, at the same time. The conductor is mainly to keep everyone together.

TLDR; Most people can't compose because they only use emotion. I use my Te-Si to figure out how to express emotions through knowledge and technique.ESTJ: Everyone shut the fuck up so I can tell you what to do!Definitely an xNTx. I would guess probably an ENTP because you just dont seem to have many xNTJ qualities.xNTJIm a male ESTJ. 

Fight dirty. Insult them. Take low blows. Bite if needed. Pull hair. Win at all costs. Be aggressive. However, if at any moment you sense you can not win, immediately back down and run away when the moment is right.I guess we interpreted the question differently. I interpreted it as "If the world we had now was all ESTJs, what would happen?" You interpreted it as "If the world was all ESTJs from the beginning, what would happen?" Just a difference in interpretation. 

Also, a lot of the Te doms I know are into computer science. I agree. That makes sense.Or you could just let people do whatever they want to do. Just because a type is oriented towards something doesn't mean that's what they should do. I mean. i'm an ESTJ and I'm about to graduate college with a degree in Music Composition. Because that's what I'm good at and enjoy.

Back the fuck off.Actually Music Composition is very heavily suited towards Ne... But obviously no one's going to listen to what I say. So its whatever. It doesnt matter.Bless. Thank you.You definitely use a lot of Ne and Ti. I'm not sure in which order though... I think you're definitely an xNTP. Probably an INTP. I could be wrong. That's my best guess.I have always tested as an ENTJ. Every test I have taken I got ENTJ. I went 2 years of my life reading about ENTJs and thinking that's how I was. And then I got typed by a panel who all told me I'm an ESTJ. At first I was offended, but read up on ESTJs. I am super glad now that I am an ESTJ. I understand and relate to this much more easily, and feel in place now.Either way, it doesnt really matter in the long run. People should just so what they want to do. I need to work on not being so dramatic about everything.Im an ESTJ and my funniest moment and my most embarrassing moment are no where even close. I'll start with my most embarrassing moment.

In 4th grade I was placed into the advanced class at my school. The teacher was notoriously strict. Im talking, like, if we didnt write every word on every document in cursive, she took off half credit. Well, as a part of this class we had a research project every month, and we had to present them on the last day of each month. These projects were usually okay. I remember a few of them. Research a planet from the solar system, Research someone famous who died and dress as them when you tell us about them, Research a non-native animal. Well, one month we had to each choose a state and research it. I picked Colorado completely randomly. I researched it and was actually super excited to share my knowledge of all the cool things in Colorado. I step up, and start presenting to the class. About halfway through, my teacher tells me to stop talking. She then yelled at me in front of my whole class that I did the project wrong and that my parents should do a better job teaching me how to pay attention and should guide me better. I broke down crying and ran into the hall. Luckily the principal let me call my mom and my mom picked me up from school. Btw, I have awesome parents. They love and support me and help me with whatever I need. My dad told my teacher off at the end of the year. That was a good day.

My funniest moment was this year, but began my senior year of high school (4 years ago). I was in band, and my teacher kept looking over at me and glaring at me. Finally, in front of the whole class, I asked her if she had a problem with me. She played it off, so I kept bugging her and called her out on how she kept trying to intimidate me when it wasnt worth it. She then accused me of talking, which I wasnt and told her she was deaf and shouldnt be a music teacher. She then told me I had no room to criticize her teaching until I had a music degree. Some background on the teacher... She stole money from the school, she was bipolar, she was too strict, she was rude, directly attacked students character, and was generally unqualified to teach. This year, I graduated with my music degree. I went to the school, and told her everything she did wrong with me and teaching. I had also accumulated enough sources and witness to get a case started against her and got the school board to fire her. 

That may seem a bit dramatic, but was definitely a funny moment for me. I finally got the music program a teacher they deserved (a kind, down to earth, knowledgable guy) and got that dumb bitch fired, along with telling her off. Hilarious to me.Well, ENTJs tend to come off very cold. Even when they try to be personable, nice, or polite, there is still something about them that feels cold, or fake even though they are trying to be genuine. ENTJs also tend to be a bit more aggressive than ESTJS. ESTJs tend to come off a bit warmer and have a fun side to them. ESTJs know how to turn off their J for a little while and switch to P while an ENTJ would never compromise that. ENTJs also seem more business-type in person.ENTJs are definitely funny, but in a different way than ESTJs. And these are just my observations from people I know that are these types. Plus Im an ESTJ myself. But everyone is different. Sorry I wasnt much help.I'm an ESTJ and there is a stereotype that we follow the rules and "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." That is quite wrong in my case, as well as for many of the other ESTJs I know. Instead of following rules and keeping with tradition, we easily see ways to improve upon and change the existing rules to make them better and more efficient. This often leads ESTJs to working around the rules which makes ESTJs appear to be better at a task than other people. It's not necessarily that we are better at a task, we have just found a better way to finish said task. So the stereotype of "ESTJs get a hardon for rules and  hate change" is totally untrue. We make our own rules, but dont tell anyone else about them so we can get ahead. It is only when we are in leadership positions that we oppose change and stick to traditions. 

Wow... I may have worded this quite badly. I hope everyone understands what Im trying to say...Literally no idea what you mean.I would love to have an ESTJ father... Well, I think I would... But my dad is an ISTJ and his parenting style was not at all suited for me growing up. And my ESFJ mother would often times just try to shut down any form of disagreement. Needless to say there was a fair bit of conflict in our house.I cant decide if I was supposed to feel attacked or laugh. Hm, interesting. Im not sure what kind of parenting I wouldve done the best under. Definitely something for me to think about.xxFPs.... Good Lord. No idea how to approach them.ESTJ and I got ESTJ... InterestingThank you!I absolutely love your podcast! I discovered it a few days ago and Im watching it episode by episode. Im about 10 into it right now. Great information! Good work, ladies!I'll even answer my own questions...

1) ESTJ

2) 20 years old, going into my senior year of college.

3) My dad is an ISTJ and my mom is an ESFJ.

4) I have a summer job as a Customer Service Associate at Walgreens, which is a fancy way of saying I work the register. My field of study is Music Composition, and I have a full time job lined up post-graduation in my field.

5) I am painfully single. I took a quiz and it said my ideal type for an SO would be an ESTJ.

6) I do not have children. I would like 2 or 4 children. Not 1. Not 3. Even numbers are much better.

7) I do drink (illegally). I get super chatty and like to ask people personal questions.

8) I use no form of illegal drug or substance. I take Adderall daily, but it is prescribed to me for ADD.

9) My all time favorite show is Big Brother (US). I love the competition format and that in order to win, you must be smart, strong, and socially savvy. Great game. Great show. I also must admit my love for the original Scooby Doo Where Are You series. My favorite children's show of all time.

10) I am a Christian and have been in a Baptist church most of my life. My relationship with Christ is everything to me and forms my worldview.

11) I'm serious. 10 hours. Help. Thanks for answering. In my head, INFP and INTP are such a cute pairing. Awww, INFJs are so cute to me. And I like your religious philosophy. Thanks fir the good wishes at work. I can't wait to graduate college and finally get into the field that I actually enjoy.Thanks for the suggestion. I just made the edit. You're such a typical INTP! I love it! ISFJ teachers are among my favorites. Theyre so understanding, but are organized enough to suit my personality. I had an ISFJ Spanish teacher in HS and she was so sweet. I watched House of Cards, but by Season 3 I was kind of over it and I lost interest. The Office is great, though!Thanks for answering! Those are quite a few options for what you want to study! I hope you can get a degree in something that earns you enough money and that interests you. I'd love to hear more about your opinions on the illogical nature of religion. I find views different from my own very intriguing.Yeah, now that I think about it, my Spanish teacher was a huge pushover. But she cared about her students, so that evened it out in my mind.You make good points! I refuse to debate about religion with people who have their minds set (which is shocking because Im an ESTJ). The thing for me, is while I have never seen physical proof of a god, I have felt personal effects of God. And because I am an ESTJ, a notoriously emotionless creature, having felt something so strongly makes it impossible for me not to believe it. Plus, for me at least, the Bible sets perfect moral standards and guidelines. Theres more, of course, and if we were in person Id give more examples and whatnot, but explaining things via typed text is difficult for me. And like I said, I dont debate religion. I like hearing differing views, and Ill explain mine. Thank you for sharing! I appreciate it!Do you and your ENTJ SO argue a lot? In my head those types are a strange combination (no offense), but if you make it work, then good for you! Also, OITNB is a great show! Love the drama, the development, and each individual character!Okay, Ill make you a promise. I will look into what youre saying and I will discuss it with you after I get home from work today. If you send me a private message, Ill have the notification all day and when I get home, Ill know what it's for. Im scared to ask what "everything under the sun" includes...Thanks for the response! I love how short and concise your answers are. Much appreciated with me being a Thinker.Wait, I have a serious question. What do you mean by "Officially I'm catholic"? In Catholicism do you have to officially declare you're a Catholic? That's so sweet! And with you both being Intuitives, I could see arguments fizzling out quickly anyways.Also, just some food for thought, in the Bible, a few of your questions/statements are answered either directly or indirectly. Like why are there other religions to similar to Christianity?

Like I said, Im at work right now... So Im doing the best I can to answer.Also, I'm reading from your link in my down time. Admittedly, it is well put together, but I have a decent rebuttal to many of the claims made.Okay, 1 last thing. If you can send me a list of topics/discrepancies/debatable things you want to discuss, I can start doing my research. Thatd be appreciated.Your such a typical ISTJ. And an ISTJ+ESFJ relationship is what my parents have and theyve been together for 20 something years without major issues.Im completely on the same page as you in terms of having tv on in the background. I feel uneasy in silent rooms, even in my own house. Happy Anniversary!I love Sherlock! Great show! And I totally understand the crying smiley face for relationship status! Haha!To your response to number 11: Yeah. It does.Ugh. Tonight has apparently been dubbed Family Night. Its possible our discussion will have to be postponed for a short period. This will give us both more time to prepare. Im so sorry. I really am looking forward to talking.See, I tried The Walking Dead and genuinely enjoyed it fir the first 2.5 seasons. But after that it got redundant and boring to me.Yes OITNB!I also have a strangely high alcohol tolerance so its always fun to watch other people be stumbling drunk while youre barely buzzed.Im not sure. My dad is 100% an ISTJ. But I also noticed that. A lot of moms are seeming to be ESFPs or ESFJs.Ew. I refuse to handle vomit.I love Breaking Bad just because I hate all the characters.Thank you? Drewby is a nickname from my grandma. Lol.I have Adderall 😏ESTJ-ness sounds dirty when spoken aloud. Lol.Oh goodness. I hate history. Lol.Oh my gosh. Youre such an INTJ. I love it.Wait, youre actually a physicist?! Thats so cool!Yay drunk talkers!I too get flirtatious when I drink. It can be quite a shame in the morning.What school do you go to? I go to a Christian university.I also much prefer a continuous plot in tv shows. It allows for much more development. I also love me some drama. Thats cool! I go to the world's largest Christian University (Liberty University). Its pretty bangin.All of them.All of them.Youre quite the typical INTJ! I like it!Yes, I would agree with you there.Most people there are serious Christians. We have about 14,000 students on campus and about 100,000 online students. We attend a worship service 3 times a week, we are required to take Theology, Old Testament, New Testament, and Biblical Worldview classes to help solidify our views, and all of our professors have earned their doctorates and pray before every class regardless of subject.And as far as it being a loving and welcoming environment, it is very loving and welcoming. Obviously there are those who do not match the university's worldview, but those are in the small minority. Honestly, Id say about 90% of campus are actual Christians (you know what I mean). Honestly, the athletes tend to be the furthest off from our worldview. Many of the athletes just go to LU for money.

Also, please dont judge our school for our chancellor/president. Jerry Jr. is crazy sometimes and is very outspoken about things he should not be.He is extremely unfiltered with his opinions and tends to state them very bluntly. He made a comment about Muslim terrorists that was shredded by the media. He's also very forcefully involved with the Trump campaign.1) ESTJ

2) 8w7 so/sx

3) My function stack is Te-Si-Ne-Fi. For Ne, I have a difficult time noticing it in other people but I notice it in myself when it pops out (usually when I drink). My Fi comes out when Im angry and creates a storm that destroys everything and everyone in its path. I can usually spot Fi in others.Yes. #11 is a question, and you answered it incorrectly. You fail.When I imagine them, I definitely see them in colors...


Te- A strong, deep, dark blue. 

Ti- A medium grey, with a bit of a shine.

Fe- Bright fuchsia. Bold.

Fi- Fierce red.

Se- Dark green. Like a forest-y green.

Si- Light yellow. 

Ne- Bright green.

Ni- Light, sky blue.I'm here to please.INFPs...😏😏😏Neither do the INFPs.63% ESTJ.

Not bad considering my next highest result was only at 13%. ESTJs are often-times the preppy type... So, not assholes or badboys, but also not the good guy.Im an ESTJ and got Executive.... Hmmm... Interesting.ESTJ-Executive

Very interestingMany ISTJs I know can easily pass as social extraverts.Im an ESTJ and ESTPs DO NOT understand me at all. Ive had multiple roommates and acquaintances who are ESTPs and none of them understand me and end up disliking me. HelloooooSe-doms would probably do it just for fun. I dont see any Si-dom using drugs, tbh. But perhaps an Si-Ne user would just to have a more open mind.YeeeeesDad: ISTJ
Mom: ESFJ
Me (Oldest Son): ESTJ
Middle Son: ESTP
Youngest Son: ENTP

Guess who doesnt fit in well with the rest of the family.... Lol. We have quite a loud and argumentative household.Most ESTPs I know would probably be offended, but drop it quickly. As for ENTPs, I have limited experience with them... So I cant say for sure.It told me my 2 highest functions are Ne and Ti....

I'm an ESTJ.....

I would say this is an issue...ESTJs are stereotypically very responsible, dutiful, and work hard... I am soooooo lazy and procrastinate on assignments as much as possible. I have almost no sense of duty to others, and I only work hard if the outcome is worth it. 

I think people confuse ESTJs organization for responsibility. Dear God, make it stop.1) Finnick Odair (The Hunger Games)
2) Dorothy Zbornack (The Golden Girls)
3) Fred (Scooby Doo Where Are You (The original. Not these crappy spinoffs))Im an ESTJ and I got a 23/40. I really dont get how being a natural leader and feeling comfortable in authority makes me a Narcissist though...Honestly, God is the only reason I have motivation to do anything.This is kinda strange, but Im inexplicably good at tossing and catching things. Just give me an object and Ill toss it, spin it, flip it, etc, and will analyze it in the air to best know where/how to catch it, at what angle, etc... Its kinda fun though because I just pick up random things in stores and people flinch as they watch me toss things 5-10 feet above my head and (almost) never drop them. 

No I can not juggle. 75%... I based my decisions based on logic rather than gut instincts... Couldve done worse.I'm not great at running sports. But I'm good at racquet sports and volleyball. Not at all good at soccer, football, basketball, baseball.... I am 100% sure I am an ESTJ. And I always test as an ENTJ.I feel like ESTJs are the most universally disliked type, which is semi-understandable. We are a very polarizing people. However, I wish people realized that ESTJs don't just cause conflict for fun or to offend anyone (@Feelers). We really do just want what is the most efficient and what will work. Yes, we're bossy. In general, I tend to get along with other ESTJs well, unless they are unintelligent. Unintelligent ESTJs are the reason ESTJs are so hated. They make wrong decisions and then yell at everyone else to follow them. That's annoying. 10/10Amen sis.Caucasian American, ESTJESTJ, 1.I saw a post about Onision's MBTI, and I was wondering everyone!'s thoughts on other Youtubers. Here are some specifics that I would love to hear opinions on:

Shane Dawson, Freelee, Markiplier, Miranda Sings, Joey Graceffa, Alfie Deyes, Zoella, Marcus Butler, and honestly whoever else you can think of!

I can't wait to hear what everyone thinks.That's kind of vague, but I mean, what are some obvious things (actions, quirks, speech patterns, etc...) that I should learn to associate with each function? I'm trying to learn the functions, but I tend to see every function used strongly in every person. So clarification would help. I just don't know some obvious giveaways. 

Also, what are some signs that a person does not use each function as one of their top 4? 

Any info is appreciated!If pay, insurance, benefits, etc... were NOT an issue, and you had to have an actual job (you can't just sit at home and collect money), what would be your dream job? 

Edit: For those wondering what mine is, I'm an ESTJ and my dream job is a tie between 2 unrelated jobs. The first is to be the host of a show like Survivor or Big Brother. I would love that so much. The second would be to become a successful orchestral music composer. The second one is my current career track, and it's going fairly well.

Edit 2: Didn't expect this to become so popular. Wow.
I don't know if I'm the only ESTJ like this, but... In movies, whenever something dramatically emotional happens that is supposed to affect me (a person dying, someone finding out they have cancer, etc...) I'm just kinda like, "Oh. Okay." But THE SECOND someone's dog/cat dies, I lose it and sob uncontrollably. I also lose all control of emotions if a character is left out or bullied. Am I the only person like this? Big emotions don't get to me, but the small, insignificant things get to me and I lose it. 

Just an observation. If you could have any 1 Super Power, what would you choose to have? Also, how would you use your powers? Would you be more Heroic or Villainous? Would you be more Selfless or Selfish? Would you tell others or keep it private? 

For ease of answering, I'll create a scale for each one of the questions.

1) What would your super power be?

2) Would you have a super-name?

3) Rate yourself on a scale of 1-10 on how Heroic or Villainous you would be (1 being Heroic, 5 being Neutral, 10 being Villainous).

4) Rate yourself on a scale of 1-10 on how Selfless or Selfish you would be (1 being Selfless, 5 being Neutral, 10 being Selfish).

5) Rate yourself on a scale of 1-10 on how Private you would be about your powers (1 meaning you would let anyone/everyone know, 5 meaning some people know, 10 meaning no one knows).

6) Would you have a secret identity or costume?

Feel free to add in whatever you want.

PS, Sorry for formatting, as I am on mobile.Can someone explain to me the difference between Ne and Ni in an easily understood way? How would I identify these functions behaviorally? How are they used?Just so everyone is aware, this is simply for my own curiosity and my personal studies of the MBTI. Feel free to answer questions as briefly or extensively as you would like! I look forward to your responses.


1) What is your type? How sure are you of your type?

2) How old are you?

3) What are your parents' types?

4) What is your job? If you are in school, what is your field of study? If unemployed, what did you study/enjoy in school?

5) Do you have a significant other? What is his/her type?

6) Do you have any children? What are their types? If you don't have children, do you want any children? How many?

7) Do you drink alcohol? What are you like when you drink?

8) Do you use any illegal drugs or substances? If so, which ones and how frequently? For the sake of this question, this includes illegally obtained prescription drugs (Adderall, etc..) and weed even though weed is legal in some areas.

9) What are your favorite tv shows and why do you like them? 

10) Are you religious in any way? Explain as much as you feel needed.

11) Please answer. Im working a 10 hour shift and Im so bored plz help me. 
