I am convinced that you are an INFJ. I am one myself, and I relate to pretty much everything that you said. You seem to focus much more on "vibes" in your thinking patterns, which is intuition. Early in high school, I also did photography, and the reason I kind of stopped was because I became too obsessed with the details and aesthetic, even though I was good at it. This has to do with Se, and generally just the intense focus you can have on something, and get lost in the details, because it's inferior. INFJs do often have many interests and are very curious about the world, because of the high intuition.

As for INFPs, I also thought I might've been an INFP and tested as one. The determining factor for me was Fe. I too have a strangely hard time understanding myself, and mimic other's behaviors even when I don't mean to. This want of peace in the outer world, and feeling an urge to do something in an emotionally charged situation, is very Fe. INFJs are also known to be very chameleon-like, because they can adapt to different people's emotions, or because many can often seem more thinker or perceiver. They see things from many different perspectives and place themselves in other people's shoes because of Ni+Fe. But INFJs also value authenticity very very highly, so when people are acting fake, like in your art class, it can be a turn off. I know personally I sometimes feel intensely annoyed in situations where people are being too nice. Even though I might be that way sometimes too because of Fe, I try hard to be as genuine as possible all the time. 

So although a lot of this is based on personal experience, I related to what you had to say. You can read a lot of articles, but truthfully, I think you should just step back and think about it for a while. After a while, the nuances between each function can seem slight, because any type can manifest any function, or seem to. We're all fairly similar. But it's just about your natural inclination, which can get lost in your unconscious with overanalysis. Go with your gut.I started wearing makeup around 15. Up until then I wasn't really interested in it. 

I am usually wearing concealer and mascara if I go outside, and if I want to or have time I'll put on more. I enjoy putting on makeup, but I don't really prioritize it, so I generally only have a few minutes in the morning for it. 

It would take me around 10-15 minutes to do everything on average, but I don't do a ton. Sometimes for fun I try to do a different eye or eyeliner, or just try to do my makeup better, and that takes me a while. Art is happening.

My favorite part is probably eyeshadow, because there's so many options and it makes makeup more interesting.

My least favorite is probably foundation, because it takes time, and it's hard to find the perfect color and coverage. 

I don't wear lipstick very much, because it usually involves reapplying or dryness. But I really like rosey and pinky coral colors. I really like how dark colors look too. 

I like sparkly eyeshadow, and plum colors because they look nice with my eyes. But nude palettes are great, because they have everything, I love my too faced natural eyes palette. 

I don't contour, it's too much for me to handle.

My favorite is a little wing I think it's so cute, but I'm not well-practiced, so it takes me a minute to do correctly, haha. I normally just do a nice line.Hmm, I think this would depend on your personality to an extent. But it could be just person to person. I think most people get grandiose ideas of the all the things they're going to accomplish, but in different ways, and some people are quicker to shoot them down or try to carry them out than others. As for me, I generally take other people's opinions about what I should do with a grain of salt until I have time to think about it and how it aligns with my own thoughts on the matter. Then sometimes I think that's a GREAT IDEA. Until I hear someone else's conflicting opinion and that also seems like a great idea. Maybe that's a little Fe, me relying too heavily on what other people think before thinking it through myself. 

Perhaps this has to do with feeling. Maybe your Ne finds something that your Fi just decides to latch onto and get really excited about, before your thinking gets in the way with it's logic. I know that my logical thought gets in the way of my fun ideas a lot. I wonder if this happens to thinkers. A) I feel that I form stronger parasocial relationships in media where the goal is to give a look into the person's life, like on Youtube, and often reality TV. I watch a lot of Youtubers especially, that tends to be my strongest parasocial relationships. Also public speakers, historical icons, and celebrities, if I develop an interest in them. I like feeling like I can connect with an actual person. Developing a parasocial relationship with a fictional characters I consider to be more of a creative pursuit, and less of a social interaction, if that makes sense. But I still like to connect with book, TV, and movie characters plenty. I'm generally not a big fan of knowing a ton about artists, authors, or musicians, because I want to enjoy their work by imagining what they mean, or by projecting my own feelings onto it, rather than knowing the reality, because I feel like it creates more depth for me in the experience. Unless their work would be better enjoyed by knowing their life, which is often the case with more classic works. As for negative parasocial relationships, I don't know, I suppose social media posts from people I don't know or just barely know make me feel bad about myself sometimes for not getting out more. 

B) I do not like to fantasize about real people I don't know, because it makes me feel like I'm invading their privacy to some degree. I feel like fictional characters are more free range, and I like to look at beyond canon works sometimes, not too often though. I'm not a creator myself.

C) My social life does affect my parasocial relationships fairly often, because it is a thing that we can have in common, especially when I am talking with other introverts. With extroverts, that is not as often the case. But watching or playing things together is a good way to get to know a person, and relate through the characters. Some of my friends are much more into fandom-type stuff than I am, so I might indulge them and develop more parasocial relationships to get closer to them as a friend. Mostly passively though. 

D) My parasocial life does not affect my social life too much. For some reason, I do not really like to talk about my parasocial relationships in real life unless brought up by someone else; they're more for myself. Even if given an opportunity to talk about someone I have a strong parasocial relationship with, I feel weird talking about it, mostly if it's a real person. Again, I feel like it's invading their privacy somehow, or like it's unhealthy for me. So I do not like talking about the characters themselves in particular, but more about the work they produced, or were made in. 

E) I feel that I often use parasocial relationships to try to fill a social need when I am introverting heavily, because the relationship can be what I want it to be, ie perfect, and I can empathize with less negative repercussions for me. At the end of the day it does not fill the same need, but they are very nice to have when you're not feeling up to interacting with real people. I guess I see parasocial relationships as more of a crutch than anything, and value social relationships much more strongly. 

F) INFJ :) 

This is a fascinating topic for research!I think it's one of those things that depends a lot on factors outside of personality, like you mentioned, and people do assume a lot from just a bit of writing, but there are totally some things different personalities tend to do. For example, I'm INFJ, and I tend to write long-winded or exhaustive explanations of things, and can be pretty perfectionistic about them. I also notice I use phrases like "I think" and qualifiers like "often" and "sometimes" a lot, and don't usually speak very self-assuredly, in an effort to be over-inclusive and not come off as anything close to abrasive. For other examples, with Ni vs Ne, both may have long explanations for things, but Ni tends to have many points for one conclusion, and Ne goes off on more tangents. Sensing might talk more plainly. This is present in talking also. But it's not an exact science by any means of course.No problem. What I mean is that when I interact socially with actual people, I am absorbing what they're feeling through Fe. This is crucial for me, because it helps me synthesize my own feelings. But the thing about actual people is that they experience a spectrum of emotion, and there's no editing, so I may absorb some negative energy that makes me feel worse in some way. This is a reason why it can be draining. It may lead to a loss of energy just because it's extroverting, but also might make me feel more sad or upset if I can't really help anything change for the better. With parasocial relationships, I am able to create an idea of a relationship in my head that can include less negative emotion. There is also less empathizing I'm sure. But I think the whole experiencing the world through how someone else feels helps me understand how I feel better, and I can kind of still get that through parasocial relationships, just not with the same amount of depth as in actual social relationships. The depth is what creates both greater amounts of good and greater amounts of bad. So of course that is necessary, but it is not as safe. Parasocial relationships therefore feel pretty illusory to me, because they only create the illusion of depth, and are not nearly as satisfying. Hopefully that makes sense. I'd say INTJ because the idea of a "mind map" and not wanting a black and white worldview is very Ni, and not being attached to tradition. Not wanting to show emotion or weakness and unawareness of other's emotions/needs sounds Te. And just the way your voice sounds, definite and thorough, seems INTJ to me. I like some reality shows quite a lot as guilty pleasures, because I like to watch the social interactions and I get emotionally invested. I've never been interested in the Bachelor though, it seems so ingenuine. I'd say definitely a perceiving type, because she doesn't have any plans for the future. I'm not too sure about ISFP or INFP. I would lean toward ISFP because she doesn't want to listen to many abstract/complex ideas, which is Se. But the fact that she picks up on obscure facts instead of names or facts seems N. If she's a little more "head in the clouds," that's INFP, versus kind of impulsive, lives in the moment, which is more ISFP.Yeah, I suppose I meant tertiary Fi, in that you are more aware of your own emotions and needs than other's, and that you adhere to your set of morals quite strongly. I think that inferior Fe, like in an INTP, would be more like, I am not expressing emotions because I am afraid of offending someone. It's hard to put into words these small differences, haha. I don't like how I care so much about other people, and constantly want them to be okay, no one to be offended, and peace on earth. I guess it's because I feel like I know people pretty well. Problem is, I don't understand myself very well, and am very introverted, so I end up just sitting in the corner being sad a decent amount. Feel like I should be socializing, helping, being productive, whatever. 

But I'm in college, still growing up, so I'm learning how to balance that. I do need to focus on understanding myself more, and that's ok. 

I would like to be a bit better at using logic. While I think feeling is very important, it's best to balance. This is so TRUE. This flair is a little too revealing. But I couldn't be a convincing ENTJ even if I tried. So accurate, how did you know I literally always have ice cream smeared all over my face. 
I don't know, come back Dr. Mike!I asked my therapist what he thought about the MBTI and he said that any credibility it had was torn apart years ago. How was the tearing apart of the MBTI accomplished? If at all?
I think that's a stereotype in itself for INFJs. They might be more prone to dislike discrimination but I don't really think it's a rule. I thought it was but her whole history is like that. I figured it wouldn't be that much of a stretch for this to be a legitimate post. 

Edit: actually yeah you're right, darn I was pretty curious what could've happened to an 8 year old as proofI could be reading this wrong but are both your examples (for Fi and Fe) the same? Typical Fi, lost in the feels... /sISFJI usually use vibes to get a general idea and then deeper thought to decipher more specifically. I guess the whole idea of "vibes" is probably wildly different from person to person though. I really don't think INFJs are so sensitive and I've toyed with ISTP but it doesn't fit. Yes, INFJs have high Fe but the Ni-Ti is always grinding out below and can control the Fe pretty well in a healthy INFJ. I feel that Ti always has a logical way to understand things but is usually backseat to Fe if Fe is reasonable. INFJs aren't pushovers or anything (or at least shouldn't be, I'm sure many are).I don't really think he does though. Even though he's the best player he always seems really uncomfortable when people act like he did it all himself and he's quick to credit his teammates. Also I think he really wanted to put it on for Cleveland (although yes he did take some time to win for himself in Miami because he was good enough to deserve it), hence the crying and stuff after they won in Cleveland but not so much in Miami.Yeah I wasn't really responding to your main point, just riffing off part of it really. I do know exactly what you mean in the OP overall though. Yeah I think that's more of the Fe coming out. It's not Fe like necessarily care all about other people, but it is in the fact that you are aware how you come off to other people and like to feed that feeling in whatever way you choose (maybe by coming of as a misanthropic bitch). I don't think that's necessarily because you're an ISFP, it sounds like immaturity that you can't get along with a boss no matter what. They're just people, sure some are dicks but there are lots of good friendly bosses who care about their employees.Maturity isn't based on age (although it is correlated).It is completely subjective you're right. I'm just saying that from my perspective not being able to get along with any bosses as a rule sounds like immaturity. They are just people. For some reason I don't actually think that's true at all Damn how do you know so many people Caffeine doesn't change my personality. Alcohol can make me either more ESTP or ISTP I think, depending on the situation. Benzos usually make me completely ISTP if that makes sense.I'm thinking ISFP but there's not much to go on. I don't really see any Ne in this post. And you seem very fixated on what you already think you are and got frustrated when people told you you might be something else which could be Fi. You also are basically just reading a description and fitting it to yourself instead of describing yourself and seeing what fits afterward which could be lower Te. Or I could be completely wrong, you don't tell much about yourself you just list descriptions and if you think they fit you.You described random facts about yourself but almost nothing about your thought process, which is what MBTI describes. Almost any type can be an anxious person, or not like schedules, or hate talking on the phone. But what are the things going on in your head that make you do those things? This doesn't mention the functions or anything and I think it's a bad analysis. A N type could list sand, sun, etc as things at the beach and an S type could list summer, family, etc. Also it doesn't say he's a medic that's just his screen name.The way I imagine is that there are two different axes for each person: Se-Ni or Ne-Si and Fe-Ti or Te-Fi. Whatever is your dominant function is your main way for interacting with the world. The next two are your tools to assist your dominant function, which is why they are both on the opposite axis than your dominant one. Your inferior is an alternate but less developed option than your dominant but used in the same way as your dominant.

The reason you cant have two introverted (or extraverted) functions in a row is because they would conflict with each other. For example you couldn't primarily have an introverted judging, but then also have an introverted perceiving as your next main function. The way your brain develops is that if you are already making a judgement internally(logical or value based), your next instinct is to interact with it some way externally. The same logic applies to two extraverted functions in a row. What about ESFPs and ISFJs? Most ESFPs I know are stereotypically extraverted and most ISFJs are very quiet and stereotypical introverts That sounds like an unhealthy INFJ. Higher Fe such as in an INFJ should actually make it easier to set up healthy boundaries and not get pushed around.I used to be like that for sure but I don't think it's that hard for an INFJ to grasp themselves and say no to other people. If anything I think it's probably not Fe but Ni that makes people think others hate them for saying no. I could be wrong, I'm still a relatively young person and I do tend to just nod and agree if I hear things I don't like, but when it comes to committing myself to things I will absolutely say no (in a tactful way).

I think you're right though that they seem like they don't have boundaries, in my opinion things just don't bother me much so my boundaries go a little further than people might expect. I genuinely don't mind accommodating most people, but it's not like I just do it instinctively.I would actually say that's a strong Fi Where is yours?Fe doesn't mean helping people and Fi doesn't mean selfish. I think the reason you listed for Fe, that he wants to make the world a better place, specifically comes from Fi. 

I think if he has Fe he would have a lot more tact. He can be very off the cuff when he speaks and can get caught up in his own judgements of situations or ideas. Fi. It doesn't matter what someone says it matters why they say it. ISFP. Seems like your thought process on why each function might apply to you uses a lot of Fi.ESTJ, ENTP, ISFPI think Annie wants to be perfect to other people, not herself which makes me think Fe. I also think she's an introvert and Si more prominent.

I think Britta is Fi dominant rather than auxiliary because she's very hard line with what she thinks is good or bad and not as quick to change opinion like an ExFP would be.

I could see Troy as ENFP, that seems more likely than ISFP like I said. 

Abed I'm almost certain is INTP. His whole being is just a calculation of what he should do at any time which is Ti dominant. I think he does have Fe but it's not super developed like when he waits 26 hours for the experiment just because Annie said they were friends. I think Fe is probably inferior. And I think he's pretty off the wall to put it simply which makes me think NeSi.

I agree with ENTP for Chang and maybe ESFP for the deanI would label it annoying and unrelated to MBTI Is there a way to do a survey without forcing a gmail login? Anyone have any ideas? I think he has pretty high Fe but I can't really tell beyond that, I can't even really decide between introvert and extrovert. I've been watching the show Community lately and was wondering what everyone thought their types are. 

My thoughts:
Abed- INTP
Jeff- ENTJ
Britta- INFP
Troy- ISFP (ESFP?)
Shirley- ESFJ
Annie- ISFJ
Pierce- ESTP
Chang- ESTP
The Dean- ENFP? I have no idea


Don't say Donald Trump is the quintessential ESTP. Don't do that to an ESTP. 
Plz Oh most definitely yes. I don't want to go into details but you are definitely not alone. These are so good!INFJ. 100%. It was already confirmed by the first 7 facts and just kept getting more solid as it went on. You're describing me perfectly (I'm INFJ) So you have a sweet and caring but sometimes difficult friend. In a word, special. How are people getting Sensing? She wants to be a therapist that's like the INFJs dream job! Everything  else points to INFJ too I'm confused that there's confusion. Maybe I just can't wrap my mind around Sensing.I kinda know what you feel. I tested 1% difference on feeling and thinking but at the same time I don't know how you feel because I identify way more with INFJ than INTJ. I guess I would suggest learning more about the types from different websites. Oddly Developed Types (.com) is one of my favorites, takes a less serious, more comical, but still insightful spin on it. That big text is stressing me out. I disagree I don't think Intuitives like change but I know Judgers don't, she still sounds like INFJ. I guess Sensing/Intuitive doesn't directly apply to being a therapist, it's probably more due to Feeling/Thinking or maybe Perceiving/Judging. But that's not the only thing convincing me she's INFJ. She sounds just like me, all of these facts are scarily similar to my own and I'm INFJ so naturally I assumed. I know that and it's not just the therapy that's convincing me she's INFJ. Every fact on here sounds exactly like me, and INFJ, so naturally I assumed. The Feeling and Judging play a bigger part in therapeutic tendencies I think.  No doubt about it. Your INTJ for sure. ;)Yeah all the INTJs I know are super creative and incredibly smart. One likes writing and acting in plays, one's actually finished writing a novel trilogy for children/young adults, and the other is a journalist who writes plays on the side. I think if you have an N, you're especially creative. (Everyone is creative in their own unique way even S's ;) 
So it happens, idk what job to suggest to you though. I think you're a:
strong E. You like chatting with friends, doing exercise and sports, hate thinking and writing, and would rather go to an afterparty instead of being socially drained and head home instead.

slight N. You do have a lot of gut feelings and usually go with them unless they are irrational or get in the way of hanging out with friends. However you seem pretty practical and not very geeky from all I'm getting here. Hanging out with friends is good enough and really who could ask for more?

moderate F. You know humans aren't robots and shouldn't be ranked, but understood. However you also aren't afraid to make hard decisions if the need arises and carefully consider your options which is more T thinking. 

moderate P. If your beliefs were challenged you would accept that you were wrong and expand your expectations,  


ENFP. You're pretty adaptable though, which is a skill, but overall I think a strong ENFP; a charismatic good friend with deep thoughts and a wild spirit. You sound like a cool girl/guy to hang out with. :)

(I would check out one of my favorite mbti sites www.oddlydevelopedtypes.com it's lighthearted, fun and hilarious and might shed some more light on you who knows) &gt;(Empirical research suggests correlation with the Jedi)

You're being watched Se's...The thing is even if you get your type nailed down, there still can be a whole lot more to you than your type can communicate. And even if you are the same type as someone else, you both can be so different. I find that beautiful, but frustrating. Dude you might just be both! Perfectly balanced between Intuitive and Sensing. Using one for some situations and the other for others. An IXFP. It's perfectly legit, I don't know why people don't realize this. No that's not true. I got a 1% Feeling score which means I use feeling and thinking equally or interchangeably depending on the situation. And I have another friend with a 1 or 2% too. The percentages are really important when you take the test. Two of the same type can be completely different if their percentages differ. I have another friend who somehow got 100% Introvert. It's nuanced and that's a good thing! I like that I can adapt to Feeling or Thinking or both depending on the situation and what I think is the right thing to do.Regardless I feel like that well describes who I am. 
INFJ, also sorted into Thunderbird!INFJ, I listen to a lot of stuff from all different genres, but I tend to really like electronic or folk/indie type rock (think Mumford and Sons). Oh I also really like jazz music. 

A few favorite artists are Bassnectar, G Jones, Mumford &amp; Sons, Tycho, JT, Michael Buble, Frank Sinatra, beats antique, Lotus, Moon HoochI think Killua is introverted. Why is that absurd? I agree with OP that he might be INTP.  And I don't think Kurapika is INFJ. I think Kurapika is ISFJ. 

Also, Gon = ENFP. All the way. I'm sorry, but there's no way he's the same type as Leorio. That doesn't make any sense. Okay, I'll accept your argument for most of them since you've laid it all out so well (thank you for your explanations) but I'm still convinced Killua is introverted. I haven't yet completely finished the show, so perhaps his character develops in the later episodes to be more extroverted, but I am almost done with the Greed Island Arc and I still think he's an introvert. INFJ - psychology (going Biopsych/neuroscience track--- intend to go to grad school for neuropsychology or psychopharmacology)
Control my unhealthy Fe and definitely use my Se more often Why so mean?I'm not sure but I'd say Fi Se Ni Te ?? Not in that exact order but types with these functions: ISFP, ESFP, INTJ and ENTJ ! I'd say your Fi is pretty high tho so maybe more ESFP/ISFP :)I think I'm a Hu-Dom I initiated a lot of my recent friendships because it felt so tiring that basically no one was talking to me. It felt refreshing but its definitely more fun if the other person initiates it 😁YOU'RE SO GORGEOUS HOLY SHIT!!!! AND THEM BOOBIES LOOK GREAT 
Good and succinct summary, I agree.Hi, older INFJ here.  Have gotten far more cynical the older I've gotten.

Some of this is the influence of Enneagram 4, which is the most common Enneagram type for INFJs - to the point that some E4 descriptions get added to some MBTI INFJ descriptions.  Moodiness, longing, and angst are commonplace emotions as a result, especially when unhealthy.

Another contributing factor I've found in myself and other INFJs is the "rose-colored glasses" phenomenon found with all NFs.  We try to look at things, by default, with the most optimistic viewpoint we can muster.  However, given time, reality (or Ni-Fe) will often intrude and remove the glasses on situations and relationships - at which point we become very cynical.  The more experiences you go through like this, the more cynicism builds up.  At some point in life, many INFJs will keep the rose-colored glasses off by default, at which point you might consider their cynicism "complete."

How do you break us out of it?  Start small, not big.  Kitten pictures.  The way grass feels under your bare feet.  A glass of wine can help too.  A small space where things seem ok can go a long way towards relaxing for the moment.The Enneagram is a little different than MBTI.  Don't approach it from the attitude of actions or preferences, look at motivations instead.  As a disclaimer to the above, I'm not an E4 - I'm an E1.  So I merely dance with E4, so to speak.

Once the glasses are off permanently, it is hard to put them back on for any length of time.  In myself and other INFJs, a new calling is the best way to do so - a new idea, a new purpose, a new relationship, a new job.  Something new to believe in.

Until those glasses come off again, as they inevitably do.Keirsey makes an elegant point for not using the test in one of his two "Please Understand Me" books, and one of his students wrote that he taught his students how to type by observation for that very reason (and documented his method).

40-45% of the population are Guardians (SJs).  His research showed that SJs consistently misidentify as NFs on the assessments because they answer how they think they *should* be as opposed to how they actually are.  When you have close to half of your sample population prone to self-identify incorrectly, a third-party assessment is generally the best approach.

His student's book is "Survival Games Personalities Play" by Eve Delunas.  If you're interested in learning to type by observation, this book is seminal.INFJ / mid 40s / M  (grabs his cane)

Before I hit my mid-30s, I was very naive.  In typical Idealist fashion I believed that everyone was working towards a more harmonious world, that everyone acted out of the best interests of themselves and others, and that people in general wanted to grow into the best versions of themselves that they could be - or simply needed my help to do it.  I freely expressed my emotions and opinions, and argued and championed the causes I believed in.  I went out of my way to turn the other cheek, and to educate others whenever possible.

Maturation for an INFJ (and perhaps to some extent for NFs in general) means that you accept the world as it is, not as you want it to be.  You realize that most people are very different than yourself, and learn not to make as many waves because people don't like change in general.  You learn to scoot by under the radar, only popping up with that intense INFJ seeing-through-your-soul focus in a situational fashion where appropriate.  I help where and when I can, not every single person who asks anymore.  I try to focus on my inferior function when I can, enjoying things like a cold beer on a hot day or relishing the smell and texture of freshly-washed bed sheets.  If I had to mention current flaws for myself, #1 would be cynicism for the exact reason George Carlin mentioned, and #2 would be taking the same approach that he did near the end of his life.  I don't imagine this is the typical path for INFJs, but it is one possible one depending on life experiences.

And to address /u/OddTuning's poignant remark - I've been studying personality systems for 25 years at this point.  I have tried to share the results of my studies and hard-won insights on a variety of forums over time, only to be shot down by those who "just know better" or arriving too late to the discussion and fading into white noise.  As a result, these days I simply choose to lurk and upvote/downvote as appropriate, with the infrequent post when an obvious void is seen.With regards to romance, there are [a few exceptions](https://web.archive.org/web/20130119014501/http://www.personalitydesk.com/story/compatibility-and-your-myers-briggs-personality-type).

&gt; Some types are more likely to marry a person of their same type; this includes male INFPs, INFJs and INTPs and female ENFJs and INFJs.Two of the ISTPs I know are into metal, one other can't stand it.  The half dozen INTPs I've known all have musical tastes similar to your description, plus some bubblegum pop.Myers started off with the 4 temperament groups as ST, SF, NT, and NF, but she wasn't pleased with how loose the ST and SF categories were compared to NT and NF.  Keirsey came along and noted that SP and SJ lined up much more with the classic 4 temperaments - Myers agreed, and the rest is history.

Also (to prevent a double reply), Keirsey's shorthand for distinguishing the four temperaments is somewhat similar to yours, and is a good fallback when it's hard to type someone:

* SP - concrete and utilitarian
* SJ - concrete and cooperative
* NT - abstract and utilitarian
* NF - abstract and cooperative&gt; *functionistas*

Too accurate, borrowing this for future use.* The subreddit (and reddit in general) is fairly young.
* "I have spent a couple of days looking into MBTI and now I know better than everyone else."
* "You failed to reference the cognitive functions and my hair is a bird therefore your argument is invalid."
* "Let me explain why MBTI is bunk and my preferred typology system is superior."The MBTI gets two dense and fairly detailed pages of criticism on Wikipedia, but Socionics gets:

&gt; It is not known whether methods of socionics have ever been put up to critical scientific scrutiny.

o_O[Here are some studies and statistics](https://www.typefinder.com/story/compatibility-and-your-myers-briggs-personality-type) relevant to the topic at hand.I see you.  (/Avatar)One of my most spectacular mistypes of all time was an extraordinarily healthy ENFP in his late 50s, 100% miss.  He remains an icon to me for several reasons, first and foremost of which is that typing someone under 30 is far different than typing someone into their 40s and 50s.I'm another INFJ who initially mistyped as INFP.

It only took me a couple of weeks interacting with INFPs to realize that I absolutely did not fit in, so I started looking more.  Finally read through the whole INFJ description - mystery solved.With the Enneagram, much like the MBTI, tests are a pointer at likely types but are not a final arbiter of your type.  However, unlike MBTI, instead of just looking at what you do, you also need to look at *why* you do it.

I'd recommend posting over in /r/enneagram with a post answering the questions in [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Enneagram/comments/64b6hx/type_me_please/) if you'd like some feedback on your most likely type(s).  Based on what you've posted above, I'd be leaning towards 1, 4, 5, or 9, but need a little more feedback to narrow it down further.Yes.

Keirsey noted in his use of his Temperament Sorter that SJs would frequently mistype as NFs.  When questioned about why they answered the way that they did, they generally admitted to answering the questions the way they *thought they should* instead of answering them the way they actually were.  

He actually moved away from self-assessment and towards observational typing as a result, given how pervasive the problem was.It was actually Myers who originally had the 4 groups as SF, ST, NF, and NT.  However, she disliked the fact that SF and ST were far looser associations than NT and NF were.  Keirsey was working with her at the time, and by observation (from a lot of four temperaments theory) noted that SP and SJ seemed to work better than SF and ST did.  Myers agreed, and the rest is history.

Keirsey's behavioral take on why the four are grouped as such, in a nutshell, is:

SP: concrete and utilitarian

SJ: concrete and cooperative

NT: abstract and utilitarian

NF: abstract and cooperativeThe information I posted was from Keirsey's end - either from *Please Understand Me 2* or *Survival Games Personalities Play* (by Eve Delunas, one of his students), from memory.  I should probably reread *Gifts Differing*, though, it's been a couple of years.If you're more certain about identifying as INTP, statistically I'd look at 5w4 instead of 4w5.

If you're more certain about identifying as 4w5, statistically I'd look at ISFP, INFP, or INFJ.Agreed, I'd be headed for the door.I've heard S vs N described as Sherlock Holmes versus Hercules Poirot.  Holmes methodically puts together the details in order to arrive at a conclusion.  Poirot starts with the answer and then works backwards to find enough supporting evidence to back up his conclusion.[MBTI Type and US Political Party Affiliations](http://www.politicaltypes.com/index.php/public-politics/public-politics-articles?layout=edit&amp;id=79)

There are definitely a few patterns there.Doo doo, doo doo doo.Doo doo, doo doo doo.[Yes and No](http://www.politicaltypes.com/index.php/public-politics/public-politics-articles?layout=edit&amp;id=79).I actually laughed out loud reading that.  Thanks, and I'm stealing it for future use.  :)The E1 descriptions also lean more towards xxTJ, making it slightly annoying for IxFJ types to self-validate.My observation is that it doesn't necessarily make typing more difficult, but that is another genuine axis that can be useful for further differentiation.

16personalities seems to be the latest iteration of including the neuroticism axis within MBTI results with their -A and -T labels.  And even CPP eventually [added it 30 years ago](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myers%E2%80%93Briggs_Type_Indicator#Additional_formats) as well: 

&gt; In 1987, an advanced scoring system was developed for the MBTI. From this was developed the Type Differentiation Indicator (Saunders, 1989) which is a scoring system for the longer MBTI, Form J,[23] which includes the 290 items written by Myers that had survived her previous item analyses. It yields 20 subscales (five under each of the four dichotomous preference scales), plus seven additional subscales for a new "Comfort-Discomfort" factor (which purportedly corresponds to the missing factor of neuroticism).I've always seen her work as another variation on the Four Temperaments:

Explorer = SP

Builder = SJ


Director = NT

Negotiator = NF

The following is a one(ish)-page excerpt from "Type Talk at Work" by Otto Kroeger and Janet M. Thuesen.  It remains one of my favorite books on the MBTI to this day for multiple reasons.  The backstory is that a new CEO (an ESFP) has come into an engineering firm (full of IxTJ types), and the authors are there to help them learn to communicate effectively.

&gt; At our retreat we initiated a series of exercises designed to heighten awareness of their differences.  For example, we split the group into Sensors and iNtuitives.  We asked them to view the same slide for twenty seconds and to compile a group report of what they saw.  (These "reports" consisted of using markers to write on large newsprint sheets that the group could later view and discuss.)

&gt; The differences were so dramatic that there was a stunned silence.  The four Sensors tried to *reproduce* the slide - it was a slide on leadership with some stick figures, some colors, and a couple of vague messages about vision - even to the point of attempting to reconstruct the arrows, figures, and colors.  In the meantime the five iNtuitives were caught up in the *meaning* of the slide and tried to analyze its message.  The group quickly came to see not only how different their interpretations were but how the two reports combined were more accurate portrayals of the slide than either individual report.

&gt; From that point on, the group was committed to learning how to communicate.  

&gt; Among the other exercises we tried that day were the following:

&gt; * The Extraverts and Introverts, asked to describe an ideal weekend, couldn't believe how different their ideals were.  This led to some insight on how Es shoot from the lip and don't always mean the first things they say; they speak so that they can think and ought not always to be held accountable for it.  It further underscored how much the Introverts appreciate their own space and reset others invading it - audibly, physically, or visually.

&gt; * Because a central area of concern was the inability to deal with conflict effectively, we divided the group into Thinkers and Feelers and asked them to define the word *conflict*.  Again they put their results on newsprint for everyone to see.  The T engineer types' definition was not unlike something you'd read in a dictionary and was almost completely devoid of specific references to the situation at hand.  In essence their definition was, "Conflict is something that happens when opposing forces meet."  The Fs, meanwhile, personalized the assignment.  They suspected this assignment was directed at them, designed to push them to deal more effectively with conflict situations.  Their definition included only personal references; conflict was something that *happened to them* and something they preferred to avoid.

&gt; * The J-P exercise was almost laughable.  We divided the group into Js and Ps and asked each to discuss "the economy," without giving more specific directions.  True to type, the Ps rambled on: "Which economy?  Do we know anything about it?  Do we even want to talk about it?"  In less than five minutes they raised nothing but questions that ranged from the ridiculous to the sublime.  The Js, in contrast, didn't need further explanation.  The first J to speak set the tone; the subject would be the U.S. economy.  The rest chimed in, either agreeing or disagreeing with the previous speaker, but all being very clear on where he or she stood on the subject.  The Ps were astounded that the Js never sought a more specific definition, while the Js couldn't believe that the Ps could wander so far away from what the Js thought was a specific assignment.

&gt; Each of these exercises produced some small but significant insight that at once created a heightened awareness of differences while they opened up avenues of communication.Pessimism and altruism.  Heh, guilty.I regret that I only have one upvote to give.Few doubts that this is a fellow INFJ.Fellow INFJ approved.  :)Updoot for Smiths reference.Surprised I had to scroll this far down for this answer.  Also an INFJ and I'm going nuts not being able to go to restaurants/book stores/fairs and just be *around* other people from time to time.As an INFJ, ENTPs are fun to visit with but painful to spend real time around.  ENFPs, on the other hand...I enjoy the hell out of most ENTPs because of  everything you said.

In.  Small.  Doses.(scribbles in journal about xxFPs replying to this)

(moves on)&gt; I don’t know any INxx that uses the word deep.

(Whistles, chuckles, cries)Or kill younglings.Username checks out.General Kenobi!Depends on what everyone around you says...

Source: lots of ExFJs in my life going with their tribe rather than their head.EXTJ: "Anyway, I started blasting."
1) What is your MBTI type? INFJ


2) What is your gender? Female


3) What type(s) do you admire/respect the most? ESTJs seem to be leading an easy life, does that count?
I don’t know. I guess I don’t admire anyone - or admire everyone, not sure about that - what’s sure is I couldn’t link it to an MBTI type.


4) What type(s) do you Love/adore? Probably INFPs. They have a fresh take on life, strong opinions, they’re really interesting, I love debating with them. Then again, I love everyone, as the filthy F that I am.


5) What type(s) are the most dateable? ENFP have a way of putting a smile on my face without being as annoying/pushy as their J counterparts.


6) What type(s) would you be willing/want to marry? Some preference for I on the long-term, light preference for S because it’s nice to have one stable person in the mix, strong preference for T, very strong preference for J. Yep, I’ll go with IxTJ.


7) What type(s) make wonderful friends? Anyone. Really. My best friends are mostly INTP and INTJ, though. F friends are nice to have around, but I’d rather have a majority of T’s around me.


8) What type(s) make you LAUGH? ENFP.


9) What type(s) are you uncomfortable around or are hard to be congenial with? I’m comfortable around everyone, in any situation. I just have a little bit more difficulty adapting to xSTx people.


10) What type(s) can you not stand/dislike/respect? I have a hard time with ExTJs. They’re not more efficient than me, they just think they are because they speak louder or something. In the end when you compare the work actually done, I’m much less of a waste of time than these guys. But eh. As long as the work is done.Punched a guy in the face

Broke a finger in the process but eh, at least I triedBecause many are pretending to be a person that they are notI think you meant to post on /r/shittymbtiThe beginning of the first sentence of OP's message is "I'm not an INFP". Seriously.INFJ, Slytherin for some reasonINFJ here, rather good at math in my young days, and the bane of my existence is working with people. I'm considering learning software development just so I can do small side projects of my own to help the world and avoid management. Even in company setting, devs are generally sweet people to be with.I didn't have really good grades in class because I was never able to explain the reasoning that led to the (right) answer. In France, the reasoning counts as more than half of the grade. For me it was just, "well it's gotta be this?" 
Yep, the entire study of ethics and morality can be boiled down to that. Those who've taken courses on morality know this because the professor just walks in, says "It's all subjective. Go home," and then leaves. Over a millennium of study has taken us to what certainly must be the only reasonable conclusion: "Yeah it's whatever you want it to be man, it's all in your head." Wow you sound really smart. I think *you* should be the one in charge of categorizing people as "stupid" and "not stupid". Surely an easy task for an intelligence of such magnitude. I'm not OP but I'd be really interested. Do you think you could send me those recommendations as well?
Though I've been in a few romantic relationships, the only two that turned toxic &amp; abusive were with INTPs. Take that as you will.Like I said, take that as you will. I'm not really sure what to think. Were they inherently abusive, regardless of type? Does the INFJ have a way of bringing out the worst in the INTP? Did my mental illness (depression and anxiety) have something to do with it? There are a lot of factors.

Ultimately, though I still have thriving friendships with INTPs, I don't think I could ever date one again.No wonder my relationships with INTPs didn't work out; we share a lot of the same negative traits, and we would bring them out in each other.Well thank you! And I guess two people isn't exactly a trend, but they were still unfortunate situations. :/

My partner is an ISFP, which is a pretty good match for me. If his type changes as the years go on, or if a day comes when we're no longer together, then we'll see.Writing that I have to do the next day. I'll string together phrases and sometimes full sentences in my head, then make a mad dash for my computer in the morning and copy down all that I remember.INFJ: depression, generalized anxiety disorder with panic attacks, dermatillomania (a form of OCD).It's interesting that you mention that. All three of the INTJs I've known have been somewhere on the autism spectrum.Have had flirtations with ENFPs that never turned into anything.

My two worst relationships were with INTPs; one I could at least salvage as a wonderful friendship after time had passed, but the other could never be anything good ever again.

Dated two fellow INFJs; both relationships were passionate and loving but short, and both people are still in my life as close friends.

Currently with an ISFP and I'm quite content. :)Heartbreaking: "You're emotionally exhausting." (INFJ ex)

Heartwarming: "You’re pretty much the embodiment of everything I could want. I really do feel like I’ve been waiting forever to meet you." (ISFP partner)I've actually dated two INFJs. Despite feeling like I'm a pretty direct communicator, with them it felt like we were always talking around what we actually wanted to say to each other, and there were lots of awkward little pauses in conversations. We would trade off on who was more clingy; it always seemed like one person was holding on a bit too tightly. The sexual chemistry was great, there were loads of sweet moments, and the gifts/letters/mix CDs were heartfelt. Both relationships were pretty short, but I chalk that up to timing, really.Maybe it's just a fluke, but the two INTPs I've known could be quite cruel.As an INFJ, I can attest to this. I've had some pretty dark and fucked up thoughts.Well, that and passive aggression, sexual abuse, anger management issues, infidelity, manipulation, and the need for revenge if they personally felt I wronged them somehow.My boyfriend (ISFP) is pretty much a homebody. He gets an itch to go out when the weather is really nice, but otherwise he's content staying in and watching movies, playing video games, browsing the internet, etc. That being said, I think he's also less of an over-analyzer than he used to be. Maybe that's part of it.INFJ, 25, American.

http://i.imgur.com/ws6a4ic.jpgI'm a girl that likes a good pixie cut.INFJ. We're fucked.Sure, some good may eventually come of all this. But for now all I foresee is life becoming absolute hell for the LGBT community; Latinos, Muslims, and immigrants of all sorts; the previously uninsured who have depended on Obamacare; Jews and POC; and women.Me: INFJ

Family: ESFJ (Mom), ISTJ (Brother), INxJ (Dad)

Boyfriend: ISFP

Friends: several INFJs, several ENFPs, an ISTJ, a couple INTJs, an INTP and an ENTP
That's how a lot of typology communities start to become, in my experience.. a massive circle-jerk.  I'm always hopeful that the next one won't be like that though.  Hello, by the way! xDCurse you.  =.=  (has song playing in head now)Just a few days ago, I was speaking with an ENTJ and he said something to the effect of: "Don't you think if they had invented mind control, that I wouldn't have used it already?"

I'm not sure how he interpreted what I said as desiring mind control, but his mind tends to fixate around things like power and control. Who'da thunk?I had a boss once who really inspired me, and I'd go to great lengths to make sure I accomplished anything he set in front of me.

Some of the things he did that really inspired me:

* He gave me the freedom to come up with creative solutions to various problems on my own.
* He treated me and my co-workers really well – he set up clear guidelines for what it took to get a raise/promotion, and he took an active role in helping all of us meet them by offering training classes once a week for an hour.
* He was charismatic, honest, blunt, and fair.

I got to be really good friends with him, and one time I screwed up really bad, and he said "I like you, but I won't hesitate to fire you."  Oddly enough, that just made me love him even more that he wasn't giving me special treatment.

I'm not sure how to distill that down... I suppose that, roughly speaking, what puts wind in my sails are inspiring people, challenging problems, and a person or purpose I can really believe in.  I work hard to never let them down.

***Edit***: I noticed a lot of people posted things about fears motivating them, but honestly, fear only motivates so far, and I have a fear of letting down my loved ones too.. the above describes a longer lasting situation in which fear plays a role, but is not the sole motivation.. rather, it is something that can give me an extra kick when deadlines are approaching.  For example, I worked an 18 hour day followed up by a 10 hour day for a co-worker of mine to make sure his project was completed when the CTO asked for it.  I was afraid of letting him down, and that drove me to push myself hard, but I could never sustain something like that.I agree with this.  One of my mentors is an ISTJ, and his ability to hit points A to B to C, and so on is something that has greatly assisted me when I come to invalid conclusions by jumping from A to B to G.  It's actually mentally strenuous for me to walk each point in order, but I've been learning to tolerate it more and do it thanks to him.&gt; Heh. I think I get the best of both worlds somehow. In terms of our mental interactions and where I'm coming from INFJ-wise, my ISTJ (admittedly a lover and not a mentor) uses her lucidity and complex intelligence to support and sometimes clarify what I share with her. It feels like a relief to me as opposed to something mentally strenuous to be tolerated.

I'm sorry, I didn't go into enough depth on my relationship with him – I get this too.  We are programmers, and that tediousness of getting into details is a necessary part of the job, which is why I mentioned it, and why it is important that I learn it.  I normally develop complex systems and libraries typically involving API design and interfacing, protocol handling, file management, encryption, distribution and coordination of workloads, optimization, yadda, yadda.. you get the picture.

However, sometimes things don't behave how one would envision they should, and when it comes to problem solving, our preferences for intuition vs. sensing become much more clear.  The way I approach them is to build a mental image of all the systems, the way that they should interact, what the result should be, and then I pose the question "Which part of the system could cause such a thing," and often the result will pop into mind, then I'll investigate that code and sure enough, there is the problem!  However, this isn't a 100% reliable approach.  *His* method is to get all of the facts and details about where the script execution starts, what the parameters are, and he begins to walk from script execution, into every method, through every object, follow every reference to resolution until he hits the issue.  His method feels painfully slow to me, but it is has been 100% reliable thus far, and that is something that I value in him.  It's an incredible trait which I sometimes attempt to emulate, but I have trouble keeping my mind from automatically making leaps over code when I think I know exactly how it works already.

He and I discuss new projects during our planning stage, and he does the same for me as your wife does for you – he elucidates my thoughts into a more tangible framework but still makes sure that they adhere to the higher tenets of programming.  He also keeps me from committing the treacherous crime of "scope creep," which I have a *huge* problem with, and over engineering which *both* of us have a *huge* problem with, so we'll often call each other on those things.

We're also friends outside of work; we play games, discuss some of the crap at work which bothers us, our ideas for things which would never get approved by management... fun stuff.. emotional stuff is mostly off-limits because that is typically not appropriate for the type of relationship we have.

When it comes to working through my emotions, my wife is really good at helping with that.. though, she is an ENTJ, and this is more focused around my ISTJ co-worker, so I won't digress further unless asked to.  o.0

So yeah, that paints a more clear picture, I think.  Sorry for it being so long, but it is difficult to convey the significance and context otherwise.
I don't like the idea of declaring allegiance to a party, but I often subscribe to the ideologies of the democrats and liberals.  My type is INFJ.

Sorry, a single word just isn't enough.Yes! Thank you, that is how I feel about it. :)Excellent analogy!  I loved it so much, an up-vote just wasn't enough.  :xESTJ, ENFJ, and ESFJ make for good cult leaders.  A group of fanatics who all deeply believe in their own self-righteousness. People don't know what is best for themselves, but we do, so why should we not rule a high?  They should be grateful for what we're doing for them.

INTJ, ISTJ, and ENTP make for good secret underground organizations.  Secretly manipulating others to further their network, you can run, but you can't hide, and whether you realize it or not, you're under my thumb doing exactly what I want you to do.

ENTJ, ESTJ, and ISTJ would probably make for a good iron-fist ruling force.  Having taken the world by force, they dominate clearly and fearlessly.  Spreading propaganda and indoctrinating the masses. And showing no mercy to those who oppose their rule.

INFP, ISFP, INFJ, and ISFJ's might make for a good exclusion type group: if you aren't with us, you're against us.. and if you're against us or our ideals, we'll show you no mercy type of thing. Think like a crusade sort of deal—for the greater good!  Doing what must be done to rid the world of evil!

INTP, ISTP, and ENFP could probably be nihilistic, what's the point of existence? They'd also be a secret organization type deal, but they'd be using that organization with a secret agenda in mind.  Further their own goals that go way beyond what the organization thinks they are doing.

I'm having a hard time placing ESFP... they seem so random, they like the spotlight, they can be good at confusing people.. I see them as having a bunch of rag-tag do whatever-the-eff-you-want, but I'm in charge sort of thing...

I'm sure you could mix and match those types, but the categories of antagonistic entities might be useful to some degree?&gt; I had to look up that phrase. Is this what you mean:
&gt;&gt;Scope creep refers to a project that has seen its original goals expand while it's in progress. As the term suggests, scope creep is a subtle process that starts with small adjustments and ends up resulting in projects that take far longer to complete or even fail before they are finished. Even if the project is completed, scope creep can result in final deliverables that look nothing like what was originally envisioned.

Yes, that description is exactly correct.

&gt; How does he keep you from scope creep?

I often talk to him through-out the day about things I am working on, and abominations of code when I run across him.  Often times I have ideas on how to refine things and future-proof them, and he'll run along on the idea with me, but he'll tell me to make a new task for it, forward it to management and keep going on what I am working on.  I'm *really* good at spotting problems and thinking of how things could go wrong, and often I feel compelled to implement those things, so much so to the point where I delve way down a rabbit-hole that has nothing to do with my task.  He has taught me to stop for a moment when I get in that zone, pull away, think about the task, will this change help my task? Yes or no – no in between? No? Stop what you're doing, get back on task.

Sometimes both he and I will sneak *little* 10-20 minute fixes into our tasks, but if it goes beyond that, it is typically considered scope creep—until it is approved by management.

&gt; I feel like some variation of this scope creep thing might possibly happen somehow in personal relationships also - like in communication that starts with a particular focus and though undisciplined emotional reactions ends up being about so much more and all of a sudden it's a tangled confusing rabbit hole of "WTF were we even talking about"

Yes, that runs exactly along the same vein of things.  My wife and I have that issue a lot.  We'll start off on one topic, it will remind us of something else, we'll move to that and it will remind us of something else.. and one hour later, I'll suddenly snap out of it and ask her "what were we originally talking about again?"  She usually remembers though.

Sorry about the 'wife' thing, that was an odd assumption to make.  But yeah, I can see how that could be the case.  ISTJ's seem to be more "mentally disciplined" than *I* am, in any case; I'm not sure if you'd feel the same.

&gt; I can see how on a personal level, I would have more to offer in helping prevent scope creep than I might in a non-people-related work thing. Fe-aux as a Pi-dom makes me damn good at seeing shared goals and priorities and how they relate to the flow of communication and agreements about action. However, I need to be doing this with someone who has their own ability and commitment to clear linkages between shared priorities/goals and what we're actually doing in communication and action. My ex didn't have that logical Je "centrality of shared priorities" structure/focus, and that may have contributing to it being especially difficult hard for me to help keep things on track in our communication about difficult/painful topics.

I'm great at keeping *other* things on track, but when it comes to code, I can get into an Ni-Ti loop about future proofing, refining, adherence to models, and adding my own creative solutions to the mix – it's a very tempting mind-set.  I'm not sure if I could compare anything else in my life to it.  It really pulls at my perfectionistic tendencies.

&gt; I would be interested in hearing how this works for you two. Te-dom/Ni-aux ... how fascinating. 

I'll switch to PM about that.  I don't want to derail things here *too* much! hehe :)

Thanks for reading it all over though, I appreciate it.&gt; Once at the parameter of Mr. Anderson's front yard,

Probably meant to be perimeter?

I'm thinking Kristina is maybe an ESTJ and Mr. Anderson is maybe an INFJ?  I don't have any guesses at Bandit, I think bandit is probably an introvert but I couldn't really place anything else.  Kristina was really hard to read, but I believe she has Te because she just wanted to get to the point on things.  I could see ENTJ as a possibility if she was so flustered that she was Te - Se looping, but that doesn't seem as likely as Te - Ne loop how she went on guessing at all the possible things Bandit could have been spying on.  Still, I'm definitely no expert.  I *am* curious about the correct answers though!



That was an awesome ending though!  It made me smile. :)I *knew* Kristina was an extraverted sensor with Fi/Te in her stack... I kept debating between ESFP and ESTJ for this reason.  The thing that pushed me over the fence toward Te was when she said that she couldn't relate to the other girls—that she didn't fit in anywhere.  ESFP was my second guess though.

**Edit:** Scratch the part about not relating to other girls.  I misread that.  She said that she couldn't relate to her mother and her friends... bit of a Freudian slip there.  hehe

The father and mother were the most obvious in my opinion, but someone already posted about those two.

I would never have guessed Mr. Anderson was an ENFP, he felt like an introvert (just he and his cat) and I *thought* I saw Fe in him—he struck me as a very "proper" sort of person, and both the rapport and sticking up for Kristina's father also reinforced that idea for me.  Whereas Kristina obviously had Fi—she was true to how she felt regardless of whether or not her mother liked it, among other things.  That could just be bias on my part.  My second guess for him was INTJ, but I ruled that out because he emitted a strong feeler vibe.  I was almost certain he had introverted intuition though, his addition to Mr. Anderson's idea sounded like an Ni refinement, but I can see how that could be an Ne possibilities thing.  English professor does seem very NF too, and that weighed into my decision as well.

I wanted to guess ISTJ for Bandit, but I didn't want to make so many assumptions, I didn't feel like I had enough information to justify that guess.

Thanks for the in-depth explanation though!  That certainly clarifies a lot of things. :)Thank you very much, but I am certain there must be mistakes in there.  I'm just an amateur with these things.Thank you for writing it and listening to my ramblings, and sorry if I was being a bit contrary.  I did really enjoy it.
&gt; My problem is not with incorrect definitions, but a motive to sort of accept a positive perception of yourself OVER an accurate perception of self.

This probably summarizes the post best. MBTI is supposed to be a tool to understand yourself, but many individuals instead use it to justify their own behaviour and feel good about it (regardless of how morally questionable it may be). 

For example, I've had to reprimand many INFJs for being proud of doorslams when in reality:

* it's not an INFJ-exclusive behaviour 
* it is almost **never** a healthy way to deal with relationships. 

Instead of MBTI being used to explain behaviour and improve upon it, it is instead used to provide reassurance and boost one's ego.

**EDIT:** formatting changes, and I don't understand why people are voting down your comment. It's not wrong to fail to understand something.&gt; If the behavior is in fact a normal one for your function/type , and you don't wanna change, I don't see how that is "bad".

Well, like you said, it's dependent on the behaviour itself. It's fair enough if you don't wish to change, but one has to wonder what it says about an individual if they refuse to rectify behaviour that's proving harmful to others or themselves because, "look at my type".

I'd say that MBTI is not designed to help us embrace our qualities; rather to be more *aware* of them. It is an explanation of how people interpret the world around them; it can be used to justify our actions, but the problem lies in when people misinterpret being justified for being correct. 

&gt; Whether or not to change should be a decision everyone gets to make for themselves because only they know themselves best.

I disagree to some extent. Some people I've interacted with are unaware of the necessity for change, in particular those with EDNOS variants. They do not realise that their perception of their own body/weight has to change as it is killing them; if one were to merely let them choose when to change, they would most certainly die.

The human mind is flawed in that it always sees things in a certain perspective. As such, the feedback and opinions of others are essential for gaining a more accurate view of the world, and from there can the need for change be properly evaluated.Perhaps it's just the temperamental nature of it that makes it seem more significant. Your friendly household INFJ seems okay, and they suddenly disappear into the seven seas forever.

Either way, it's always funny watching people realise doorslamming is not an INFJ-exclusive behaviour.&gt; When it comes to self awareness I think we all know ourselves best.

Well, that's kinda implied, simply because somebody else can't be self-aware for you. However, self-awareness by itself is not a suitable catalyst for change. It is merely conscious knowledge of one's own character, feelings, motives, and desires. 

If we return to the EDNOS example again, sure, the person knows why they starve themselves, but it doesn't make the demand for change any less pressing. Sure, you may know *why* you act the way you do, but *how it affects yourself and others* is more important when evaluating the need for change.

Once again, **justifying your behaviour does not make it any more morally correct, or beneficial to the self/other.**Eh, I doubt this'll be resolved due to some fundamental conflicts between our belief systems, so there's no point debating this further. Thanks for the discussion, it was really quite fun!

I feel like I generally know what's good for me, and I change what isn't good. However, I'm always looking at it from different perspectives and constantly analysing its effects on other people too; as such I value heavily the opinions of others. In essence, I change not for myself, but for other people and situations (to some extent). 

Of course, there are defining personality traits that people embrace and are written in stone, and I'm very much the same. However, I find that being too rigid about everything else hasn't often been beneficial. 

With regards to morality, I feel that it's a natural consequence of the realisation that everybody has emotions and experiences just as complex and varied as your own; therefore it is essential to discern what is "right" and "wrong" as it feels selfish not to take into account the existence of another. 

Morality aside, though, our environment is dynamic, therefore one must also be constantly evaluating the need for change. As such, it doesn't make much sense for someone to remain completely static, at least in my opinion anyway.

Stop that! You're making me blush!

And anyway, it's always best to withhold that kind of sentiment until you know somebody better; after all, you don't know if I'm actually a 40 year old neckbeard with a penchant for furry erotica (unless you're into that kinda thing which is completely understandable).Bwahaha, thanks! This really made my day, and I'm very glad I got to speak to you, even if for just a moment.

Have a wonderful week, and thanks for being the embodiment of positivity; it's very hard to find that quality in people, but it's always immediately apparent and it's what brings a smile to the faces of those you interact with.I never speak in absolutes because ~~only a Sith deals in absolutes~~  there are always exceptions.

In most cases, cutting someone out of your life doesn't resolve an underlying problem on either side of the relationship, denies the possibility of change, and makes everything impossible to salvage. In other words, it can be quite an immature way to deal with a situation. However, when it comes to genuinely toxic people, it can be beneficial to shut them out of your life, but at a stretch it could further negatively affect the person you're doorslamming.

The likelihood of encountering a truly horrible person is still quite low though, hence why I say *most* doorslams aren't healthy.shit.To this day, the doorslam remains the most romanticised phenomenon I've ever seen in my life.Quick question for both you and /u/Kellivision (although if you're reading this, feel free to chip in) - to what extent do you believe this feeling of alienation has permeated Reddit's INFJ community?

A few friends and I have started up a new subreddit that's more devoted to discussing theory, but gauging our userbase (by extension our potential success) has been difficult since we haven't been able to obtain objective data.

Anyway, that aside, it'd mean a lot to us if you could check /r/the_infj out! We'd love to hear any suggestions and criticisms you may have, especially since we're getting our foundations sorted out.Admittedly, I don't really keep very close tabs on Extra Credits, although I did watch the [episode where James talked about his gaming compulsion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_qlumZ5K4I), and the whole thing comes off as very INTP.

All the philosophising, its application to internal values, the strive for perfectionism and understanding, and his ability to reflect on it all does give off strong Ti, Ne, and weaker Si - this level of ego development would be expected with James' age, so INTP is a pretty solid bet.

Not too sure about Dan though.I did some [research on ego development](https://redd.it/6dufh4) a while ago; it covers the developmental facet of MBTI pretty well. While the post is INFJ-centred, there's a general overview section that might help if you're interested in this kinda thing.

To put it shortly, you've got three rough 'flavours' of immaturity - in order of increasing healthiness:

* anon is heavily dependent on their dominant function, denies and/or represses other functions, and considers them to be ‘wrong’ when observed in others.
* anon quietly suppresses some functions and intensifies others in order to protect their cultivated 'ego image' as a result of social identification - mistyping often occurs at this level
* anon has some awareness of the main goals of their dominant and/or auxiliary functions, but struggles to understand other people have different goals - as a result, functions are used reactively or defensively.

After these stages, you tend to get more productive function use, with healthy development of tertiary and quarternary functions afterwards. While functions are all used to some extent at any stage, how they are used and whether or not this is conscious heavily relies on level of ego development.&gt;Pardon the stereotyping

Heh, no need to apologise. The whole point of MBTI is to see which stereotypes are valid.

Personally, I'm in pretty good physical shape, but that's because my mother got me into sports early on in life, and I'm naturally quite an adrenaline junkie. Hence all the skating and martial arts.

People have on occasion responded adversely to my opinions on body mass.     
I'm not disgusted by individuals who are overweight since there are a myriad of contributory factors (using food as a coping mechanism is quite the vicious cycle), but excessive consumption from greed alone is... disagreeable. Also, being overweight isn't necessarily a bad thing - body composition matters.      
The more controversial part, though, is that while learning to live with their body is okay, it is abhorrent to perpetuate the belief that excessive overweightness/obesity is completely healthy and normal. It is pretty selfish to encourage an intrinsically self-destructive lifestyle, to potentially cause greater damage to the health of others, so that someone can live more comfortably with themselves.

With all due respect, you appear to be responding to something I haven't written. I'm not saying that being overweight or obese shouldn't be destigmatised, nor am I saying I know precisely where it comes from or how it should be dealt with:

&gt;there are a myriad of contributory factors (using food as a coping mechanism is quite the vicious cycle)

&gt;learning to live with their body is okay

To put it shortly, I'm completely aware that fat shaming doesn't work in the vast majority of cases. This isn't an endorsement of it.

You see, many people believe I'm talking about typical body positivity movements, but my criticism lies with movements that actively promote excessive body weight as a lifestyle that is entirely healthy - [Health At Every Size](https://healthateverysize.org.uk/) is one such example. They promote the notion that being overweight/obese isn't necessarily detrimental to health, something that's been heavily challenged in [multiple](http://annals.org/aim/article/1784291/metabolically-healthy-overweight-obesity-benign-conditions-systematic-review-meta-analysis) [studies](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3890499/); in other words, they perpetuate the myth that excess body weight is healthy in order to validate their own lifestyles.

While I'm all for the destigmatisation of this kinda thing since low body weight is just as problematic as its sister (hell, Aphrodite had [hella curves](https://followinghadrian.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/8557146373_99bf6f1f85_h.jpg?w=576&amp;h=870) but would nowadays be considered fat), it should not be done by perpetuating myth over fact, nor should it be done by potentially removing the impetus to improve one's health in the first place.

&gt;For some reason we think health has some place in judging someone's morality and value?

Well, it's signalling theory at work. Humans naturally associate certain qualities to certain values - for example, an employer believes that a qualification indicates knowledge, ability to work under tight deadlines, ability to work in a team, you get the gist. In the same manner, excess body weight is tied to notions of lack of impulse control, poor judgement, inactivity, etc.

While this isn't necessarily valid, it's just how people work - it's hard-wired into our brains. We naturally stigmatise qualities we deem dislikeable, and we're more likely to do that if we don't find the subject attractive, both of which tend to be true for people with excess body weight. Eventually this spirals into having a ridiculously warped idea of the group/person in question.

It's important to emphasise talking to people, not about them.In short, your premise appears to be that the negative image of INFPs is unwarranted, since it is a product of blanket generalisations and interactions with immature INFPs - and that the latter is the former. When you pick this apart, it becomes apparent that this really isn't the case. It's far more reasonable than it looks.

**Disclaimer:** I don't actually hate INFPs, but I'm playing devil's advocate.

There are three facets to consider here: 

* the INFP's natural propensity towards unhealthy behaviour
* ego development
* the Reddit demographic.

For starters, the INFP is overwhelmingly dealt the short stick when it comes to cognitive functions. FiNe has the potential to generate a plethora of unhealthy behaviours, with the most common being the previously mentioned, "main-character-itis", problems with organisation and motivation, and an endless justification for inherently self-destructive behaviour. It's simply what happens when you mix Fi with Ne - the massive disparity between what the world *should* be like and what it really is often doesn't bode well for the INFP. With this in mind:

&gt;functions =/= behavior

Sure, functions aren't behaviour, but they create predispositions towards certain behaviours - if they didn't, then MBTI would pretty much be astrology. The whole shtick of MBTI and cognitive functions is that they can be used to explain behaviour, and that there are patterns between them.

Now, what affects the expression of these functions is [ego development](https://redd.it/6dufh4) - while the link focuses on INFJs, there is a general description for each stage. In short, higher ego development results in an increased capability to use cognitive functions holistically, in a manner that isn't exclusively defensive. INFPs tend to get stuck on levels 2 and 3 due to internal conflict generated by FiNe interactions, which massively hinders ego development.

When we consider the [demographic that uses Reddit](http://imgur.com/gallery/cPzlB), most users will be in their 20s; this corresponds well with the period where tertiary and quarternary functions begin to kick in. However, since the INFP's a late bloomer, they are still likely to be immature and display unhealthy behaviours since they haven't engaged SiTe - in other words, finding a healthy, young INFP is difficult.

Combine these factors, and you get the negative perception of the INFP - FiNe stunts ego development, which leads to considerably longer periods of immaturity, often going into young adulthood. Since this is the demographic that uses Reddit (and is likely the demographic that Redditors will interact with), this behaviour is picked up on, and you get people who dislike INFPs in general.    
You could potentially claim that this is a blanket generalisation since I've only considered one age group - but it really isn't, since context is important. The 'stereotype' isn't false or useless considering the demographic that they'll typically be interacting with.

While I'm aware this is purely anecdotal, my experiences with numerous INFPs both irl and online generally reinforce what I've written. Don't get me wrong, I think INFPs are great and have huge potential, just that this world doesn't suit them very well, especially during childhood.

On a final note:

&gt;I'm not really sure if I'm standing up for INFPs, or if I'm just pointing out a problem that can be solved if we didn't let our own opinions get in the way, or both.

I wouldn't advise approaching this as if it's entirely a product of uninformed opinion - as I've just demonstrated, it's not irrational to hold these opinions, since some people simply do not mesh well with the behaviour of an unhealthy INFP. Unless you are able to directly address the basis on which these opinions are held, you are just going to feed the viewpoint you're speaking out against.I mean, I was just giving a detailed explanation of why INFPs have the reputation they do, and why it might not appear entirely irrational to the people who hold these opinions - it's important to know your enemy. 

While OP does have a point, it would be far more effective to provide counter-arguments that address the *actual* principles on which the viewpoint is based, rather than the perceived principles.

Why would you say that it's a back handed slap?&gt;Firstly, it shouldn't be surprising that INFPs are typically going to be more sensitive. It correlates well with the dominant feeler terrain but this has it's positives and negatives, clearly. It's more complex than to just slap Fi doms with the over-sensitive label and ironically satiate your own ego.

That's true, but does that make dislike any less reasonable? If you generally dislike sensitivity, then you will have a tendency not to get on well with Fe and Fi doms - that doesn't make it irrational. Everyone has different tastes, and while I'd encourage people to be courteous about their differences, it doesn't make them morally deficient or anything.

&gt;I am assuming that you mean because they get the short end of the stick, giving them more apt for conflict in society, this means that they are more likely to exhibit unhealthy behaviors, otherwise, every type has unhealthy behaviors and this doesn't add much. 

Yep.

&gt;However, this link is extremely unfair because it is predicated on health being strictly defined through a form of social engagement which is specifically, (yet not necessarily justly) characterized with some context independent pre-imposed general value upon which they are being judged, within a sect of society or a particular group (judged through a socially imposed standard and potentially unsubstantial attempt at a deontological ethical lense). If this is what you mean then the avenues that evolve from this are insulting.

Is it unreasonable to tie health to social engagement? 

Humans are intrinsically social, and social exclusion comes with a plethora of effects that lead to the detriment of mental and physical wellbeing. If we also consider that the behaviours described as, "unhealthy" are those which would normally lead to ostracisation, then it's natural that displaying them would have an adverse impact on someone's wellbeing - and can therefore be interpreted as indicators of poor health. 

In other words, this isn't deontological ethics; rather, it just determines health from ability to integrate with other members of society without sacrificing their own needs in the process. That seems pretty reasonable to me - I'd be hard-pressed to say that somebody who was unable to interact postively with others without ignoring the needs of their ego was 'healthy' in any measure.

Also, you've mentioned how these observations are insulting, but haven't specified why. While it might seem implicit to you, it's important to be aware that other people don't think the same way - clarity is important.

^^N.B. ^^this ^^passage ^^was ^^pretty ^^difficult ^^to ^^interpret, ^^and ^^I've ^^probably ^^done ^^it ^^wrong.

&gt;No. I don't know what else to say or how else to put things. That is not how the ego works. if anything, Ni doms have the most hindrance to their ego development, following this logic.

You say this, but you don't mention how you came to this conclusion.

The INFP doesn't have a 'doing' function in its dom/aux - in other words, they will observe and reflect, but tend to be rather passive in acting on their wealth of knowledge (indeed, INFPs do perform really well academically, but I've generally seen them struggle when they approach university). This really sucks them into the social identification stage, since this naturally appeals to FiNe - being around similar people reinforces the values involved with Fi, which in turn reinforces the observations made by Ne (since observations are heavily affected by mindset), and so the cycle continues.     
NFs are generally suckers at this stage, which is why they're generally given the 'self-righteous' stereotype as they form large, closed-off groups - but the INFP is especially prone here since neither function can break them out of this mindset.

&gt;Assuming that you characterise the dominant as the ego function, as most do, this could suggest and easily be interpreted to mean that ISTJs are one of the most all round healthy types since INFPs, more than other types, need development of their tert or inferior functions to be as socially apt as others.

I wouldn't say 'more healthy' so much as 'more likely to be healthy'. There's a subtle difference; two individuals at the same level of ego development are just as (un)healthy as each other regardless of type.

&gt;your intentions seem good but these are some of the issues that projected out. I am hoping I misinterpreted everything. I am also convinced of mistypes and although i agree with a behaviorist link (what not all do), the behavior profiles commonly used to characterize INFPs (and most of the types to be honest) are off the mark. I mean, Trusted tests like this are just atrocious.

Well, I never intended to do anything besides speculate and inform, in the process allowing people to come to better-informed conclusions about the other viewpoint. What I've said is generally reinforced by the other comments on this post, which suggests that this model is consistent with why INFPs are generally more disliked than other types on Reddit.

To be honest, I really don't care whether or not this is fair or valid assessment; what matters more to me is just that people don't be dicks to each other about their differences, and engage in honest dialogue where it is needed. I don't think either side did themselves much of a favour by injecting useless rhetoric into their responses.&gt; that's not the point of my argument. my argument is that conviction to the negatives as a strong or stronger argument is potentially bad reasoning.

...which directly relates to how reasonable something is.

&gt;not always but that is not what is being expressed either hence the difficultly parsing things out. Not long ago being openly gay was an 'unhealthy' quality. yes it is an unsophisticated attempt at deotological ethics and even if you don't accept that, to dismiss INFPs based on such a potential is also inconsistent with other social ethical principles even common law i.e. innocent until proven guilty. So the notion of it being harmful or suggesting that it being harmful is bad on that basis is flawed because in truth, if the INFP's engagement is fundamentally justified then it was harm caused from no wrong doing.

I see.

Well, to be honest, I don't think the apparent 'hatred' of INFPs actually runs deep enough for someone to reject them by type alone; at least not here. There's much more to people than type alone; MBTI can only reasonably justify a tendency to dislike certain types. Certainly not an outright hatred.

And where using social interaction and being, say, openly gay differs is that one is context immune whereas the other isn't. Being gay in different societies will have varying effects on health depending on how tolerant they are, whereas exhibiting an inability to integrate into society almost never ends well.

&gt;Because if I misinterpreted you then the whole thing would be void rendering it potentially pointless so clarification was necessary but basically the avenues suggest that INFPs, considered collectively, are deficient, needing special care etc but even then, the ethics come into question regarding how things are being dealt with. if you are accepting some form of inequality then the approach of the opposition, here, is like criticizing a dyslexic person for being dyslexic.

Speculation isn't assertion.

Considering the INFP's functions, the likelihood is that they'll be more prone to unhealthy behaviours. Nothing more, nothing less.

The model of ego development is completely equal - what produces inequality in 'unhealthy behaviour distribution' is environmental context.     
In the same way ESFPs are more suited to a party, the INFP probably enjoys a library; with this in mind, the world is usually the environment that suits the INFP least. Western societies present children with a high-pressure childhood and adolescence (more likely as INFPs tend to be high achievers), peers willing to take advantage of passivity due to similar levels of ego development and maturity, general bias against those who are 'quiet', you get the gist. Not only does this hinder ego development, it also doesn't do much to develop Si when it's needed, especially when other types are developing their terts.

I alluded to this earlier with the, "this world doesn't suit them very well, especially during childhood" comment, but I concede it did require more explanation.

With this in mind, this isn't an antagonisation of INFPs for being INFPs, but for their generally slower development. Whether or not this is reasonable is more a personal matter than anything else.

&gt;Too long but this argument is unnecessary to refute your position, anyway. your observation of INFPs being at lower ego levels are unjustified which you will then have to prove because (at least based on my interpretations) you've wrongly abstracted this conclusion from the source material.

See the above.

&gt;&gt;What I've said is generally reinforced by the other comments on this post, which suggests that this model is consistent with why INFPs

&gt;In your mind, sure

Well, the people who expressed their dislike of INFPs appear to dislike behaviours that would reasonably be present considering Reddit's age demographic.

&gt;&gt;useless rhetoric

&gt;subjective

The people who have expressed this opinion are generally NTs. Arguing against them using rhetoric is, well, useless.

Even if we take it out of this context, feelings are personal; therefore rhetoric will only have the desired effect if these people share the same feelings. This often isn't the case with most disagreements, and makes the viewpoint in question seem unsubstantiated if the opposition picks up on it.

&gt;I agree but as to how we agree is a different story? jk

probably, not jkYour dominant cognitive function is the one you use most naturally, whereas your auxiliary requires more conscious input.    
In other words, the former is like a background process while the latter is what you actively engage.

If that doesn't help, there's always introversion-extroversion: if you need time to recharge following extended periods of socialisation, you're probably an INFJ; if not, you're probably an ENFJ.Yin and yang, Dr. It's all about balance. 

In other words, you seriously don't want to see my shitposts. I dunno, man. It's hard to distil that kinda thing into one sentence or fundamental concept since there's so much flying around.

My best attempt is whether or not your surroundings define your behaviour, or the other way round.

Accepting things at face value, living in the moment, and emphasis on concrete facts means that your immediate context is the information you focus on, which in turn defines how you behave.     
Conversely, valuing fundamentals, taking time to analyse, and emphasis on abstraction would result in an individual whose behaviour tends to be defined much more by how they already perceive the world.

It would explain why unhealthy S users are often very prone to getting caught in the heat of the moment due to context, or why N users are more prone to believing they know 'the truth' behind something because all they perceive appears to support it.

While most of this is just guesswork, it does seem like it would work.

Also, you're right in noting that these aren't necessarily mutually exclusive and can work in unison; Ni-doms tend to have surprisingly good Se because the latter couples itself to the former to increase its effectiveness.agreed

I haven't seen ENFP-INFJ in a romantic context, but I generally get on well with them. Can see where the problems lie, though, because INFJs can get too heavy-handed with Ti when confronted with Fi-related situations.&gt;ESTJs have no tact because they don't care about if your feelings are hurt! Where is Ramsay's tertiary Fe? You know why he doesn't demonstrate tersh Fe? Because he doesn't have it!

[doesn't have tertiary Fe?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46bXUWNyp20)    
NSFW: foul language

but then again, you've already demonstrated that you're not here for a discussion, just to posture about how your opinion is fact

&gt;But I have learnt to keep calm

you should work on that&gt;you just have to respect each other's perspective and have a civil debate about it.

That's the issue, really - it's very difficult to reach the maturity required to just accept their differences, because both believe they have distilled it down to 'the truth', but have done so through means that can't win each other over.

As I said in the post, "Ni-Ti believes that its extraverted counterpart is focusing too much on externalities and minutia, and Ne-Ti believes that its introverted counterpart is narrow-minded and fails to see the larger picture".Pretty much, but there are types that can negotiate these incompatibilities (even through adopting their partner's values) - I'm sure most people can note a few relationships where this has happened. I doubt ENTP/INFJ was one of them, since they're both too stubborn when they believe they have 'the truth'.

Good point about the tertiary functions, though. Overlooked that; many thanks.

Heh, the MBTI community in general would benefit from having older, more experienced people mixed in among the ranks. Unfortunately, that's not gonna happen for a good while, since the Internet generation is still young; gonna have to put up with the stuff you see on the INFJ subreddit for a long time.It's because the iNtuition is just sent in completely different directions. Ni-Ti relies super hard on fundamentals whereas Ne-Ti relies on the connections between the data, neither of which appear valid to the other.    
This is mainly conjecture, but here's what I guess a typical debate would be like:

**NeTi:** why do you still hold x opinion despite all this evidence for opinion y?    
**NiTi:** because there is a flaw in the fundamental principle for y, which makes x more likely.    
**NeTi:** so how does that address evidence a, b, c?    
**NiTi:** &lt;explanation of how y being incorrect affects abc&gt;    
**NeTi:** ok, but it still doesn't address d, e, f, not to mention you haven't considered g, h, i    
**NiTi:** &lt;explanation of how y being incorrect affects defghi&gt;

Repeat the last two steps, and it becomes pretty understandable why NeTi and NiTi don't usually get on well. Judgement being governed by a ruling principle appears narrow-minded to NeTi, and outward analysis appears shallow and weak to NiTi.

I might work on that, actually. It'll give me something to do.    
Seems like sharing the same functions might work; from what I've seen, Ne likes Ne because it tends to satisfy their thirst for constant analysis.

***

True, I misjudged when the Internet became mainstream. That's probably part of it, which isn't helped by the fact that Reddit skews young anyway. All the oldies are probably hiding away in proper MBTI websites like Personality Cafe or Typology Central akin to the forums of old.When looking at INFP/INFJ, it's better to look at cognitive processes than letters because the difference is much clearer.

[Here's a more in-depth explanation, but there's a TL;DR below.](http://www.keys2cognition.com/cgjung.htm)

To put it shortly, there are 8 cognitive functions in total, all of which are responsible for processing information in a certain manner. These are used in varying amounts depending on type, which creates differences in behaviour.

The INFJ's dominant function is Ni (introverted intuition) and its secondary function is Fe (extraverted feeling).    
The INFP's dominant function is Fi (introverted feeling) and its secondary function is Ne (extraverted intuition).

As you can see, both the polarities and positions of each function are reversed, which means they function internally in a very different manner.

The INFJ leads with Ni, backed up with Fe.    
This means they process the world through their intuition (Ni) to pursue personal growth, before running it through extraverted feeling (Fe) to accomodate and connect with others by sharing their values.

On the other hand, the INFP leads with Fi, backed with Ne.    
This means they process the world through their personal beliefs and how it adheres to their identity (Fi), before running it through extraverted intuition (Ne) to explore abstract patterns and potential possibilities.

If these descriptions don't help pin down your type, here's a few differences that stem from the differences in their cognitive processes.

Since the INFJ prioritises Fe but the INFP prioritises Fi, the INFJ promotes social harmony (which can come off as people pleasing) whereas the INFP promotes honesty (which can come off as selfishness).    
Fe makes the INFJ much more extraverted as they desire to connect with all kinds of people, whereas Fi means the INFP tends to stick to their own circles.    
INFPs can appear much more "airy", since their Ne revolves around the synthesis of possibilities, whereas INFJs come off as more grounded since Ni deals much more with the real world.

Anyway, if you have questions, feel free to ask. It's a lot to grasp, but understanding it will probably put the nail in the coffin.Ti could be considered an archive of knowledge.

While Te tends to optimise for efficiency and considers information a tool, Ti just kinda hoards relevant knowledge and craves it for the sake of it.&gt;Is Ni basically like converting literally of the information that can be acquired via Se, and putting it into distinct categories, and using algorithms (developed over time) to subconsciously make conclusions about what's really happening?

Sounds about right, in that Ni is responsible for distilling things into their fundamental elements.    
This information can be acquired from practically any source though (but mainly Se/Si), and Ni itself isn't responsible for anything besides pre-processing information. More often than not, the information is sorted, then a judgement applied to it through another function (which for INFJs would likely be Fe).

&gt;Also, I think part of the reason Ni is considered "subconscious" is because its users have algorithms in their mind (that are developed over time) to help them quickly process data.

I don't know about that, really. I like to split Ni into passive and active components.

Passive Ni is the 'default' state, is very much subconscious, and feels like instinct - you speak/act without thinking things through too much. The line of reasoning is present, but it hasn't been verbalised. This is part of the reason why it appears subconscious, almost irrationally so.    
Active Ni is the opposite, where you consciously sift through data, organising it in order to synthesise a conclusion. It's usually only used in a dedicated manner, for example in making important decisions or analysing data for a conclusion.

You're on the right lines, though.How so?

I always thought Te would be more of a 'surgical knife' of sorts - it cherry-picks relevant data to review against others.    
Ti users often see Te users as simpifying things, and Te users often believe Ti users are complicating them.Ahh, I see.

Not sure how to parse this, but it's kinda how Ti hoards knowledge in the first place - it dissects it as much as possible to gain a full understanding of it. Kinda like dissceting a frog.

To borrow the metaphor, Te could be described as giving the information one or two slices to check its relevance, then it moves on. In this case, it would hack the frog in two, check it looks roughly like a frog, then moves on.Correct. Coming to the conclusion would involve passive Ni, whereas explaining it would involve active Ni.

I think the process could be more accurately described as a heuristic. In your example, all three characteristics suggest some form of detachment, making it reasonable to assume that they're heading towards divorce (or at least going through a bit of a rough time).Functional strength isn't quite as black-and-white as 'traditional' MBTI. It pretty freely allows for people to express different functions at different strengths, and while these do tend to follow a pattern, it's not theoretically impossible for somebody to have perfectly balanced function use within a pair.

The [Keys 2 Cognition function test](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm) is perfect for demonstrating this - it generates a list of magnitudes as opposed to a list of preferences.

A perfectly balanced function stack requires quite a lot of development though, since practically everyone will have a preference one way or the other. Humans are pretty much blank slates at birth and adapt to their environments; not forming a 'default' preference during early years would be very unusual.Ahh, I misinterpreted your comment slightly.

From a practical point of view, magnitude not being considered doesn't affect mistyping (via functions) all too much due to the patterns I mentioned previously.

Your primary function is your strongest function, is present in almost everything you say/do, and will almost entirely drown out its sister function. This alone tends to cut possibilities down significantly; in your case, identifying you as Ti-dominant would cut possibilities down to just INTP and ISTP.    
From there, the distinction between Ne and Se is extremely clear and is much easier to deal with. This is what I speculate goes into accurate typing: being able to identify a dominant function, then looking at what 'flavour' that function is being mixed with.

An INTP with balanced Ni/Ne wouldn't make things much more complicated, since intuition is very different from sensing, and your Ti would be stronger than your Ni/Ne.

***

I agree with your statement about MBTI not telling people much about themselves, though. In the end, it's pretty much just how your brain processes information, and can't be used for much besides setting targets for personal development and explaining/predicting basic behaviour and response. It's not a be-all and end-all.You could consider Ni's direction to be reversed in comparison to Ne (obviously).    
Instead of synthesising multiple possibilities, it goes the other way and breaks it down into fundamentals - instead of working outwards, it works inwards.

It sounds kinda like a Ti description, but Ti's much more concerned with interaction between everything as opposed to breaking it down into a few variables.#Why ENTP/INFJ is given too much credit (alternatively, how to make an ENTP/INFJ relationship work)

^**Sources:** ^A ^thread ^on [^Typology ^Central](https://www.typologycentral.com/forums/the-nf-idyllic-enfp-infp-enfj-infj-/19182-infj-compatibility-infj-entp-dynamic-hands.html)^, ^one ^on [^Buzzfeed](https://www.buzzfeed.com/ilincavalentina/eight-reasons-infjs-and-entps-are-a-match-made-in-nf6k?utm_term=.xlV03PPJw#.apzwyqq2j)^, ^and ^a ^few ^others.

***

Before I get into this, it’s probably necessary to mention that I don’t promote pursuing someone on type alone, and that this post doesn't advocate rejecting someone on type alone.

It’s important to note that type is merely a single facet of an individual. Pursuing someone on type alone is… silly, to say the least, since there are so many factors you don’t account for in the process. That alone pretty much sums up why ENTP/INFJ shouldn’t get so much endorsement.

***

#Why people think ENTP/INFJ works

When tackling something like this, going back to basics is essential.

The ENTP/INFJ relationship is touted as the ‘perfect’ MBTI combination; most of this is rooted in how they can be “eternal playgrounds” for each other, thanks to their function stacks. Here’s a quick recap if you’re like me and can’t recall stacks for shit:

INFJ: Ni Fe Ti Se    
ENTP: Ne Ti Fe Si

As you can see, both lead with different variants of intuition, and their Fe and Ti are reversed. This is commonly believed to create a mutually beneficial balance, and it’s understandable why people would believe this.

Since both share iNtuition combined with Fe and Ti, the theory is that they share most of the same playing field: they are considered types of equal depth. However, the difference of Ni and Ne means that their approaches are more ‘reversed’ than ‘opposite’ – instead of conflict, you get understanding, which is accompanied by endless learning possibilities as Ni and Ne are intuitive functions.

This mutual depth combined with non-hostile interaction allows them both to develop their tertiary functions, with the ENTP’s more rational, logical stance rubbing off on the INFJ, and the INFJ’s more sensitive, emotional stance rubbing off on the ENTP.

This pattern of mutually beneficial differences can be attributed to practically everything and anything in this relationship, including but not limited to social interaction, organisation, and intimacy. It seems like a match made in heaven – and it does have the potential to be, but you have to jump over some absolutely huge hurdles to get there.

***

#Why things aren’t usually as rosy.

Long story short, the similarity in function stacks is the death of them if they don’t also have similarity in other areas.

For starters, while Ni and Ne have the potential to be synergistic, when both are combined with Ti, they often operate in a manner that makes any differences in value systems practically unworkable.

In this context, Ni-Ti usually focuses on breaking down data into a single variable, the fundamental essence of what’s in question. On the other hand, Ne-Ti focuses on building up a network of mutually supportive variables, which act to support each other like beams in a bridge.

Now, should these contradict each other, especially with regards to deeply held beliefs, these differences are practically non-negotiable and can break down even the best relationships incredibly quickly. Ni-Ti believes that its extraverted counterpart is focusing too much on externalities and minutia, and Ne-Ti believes that its introverted counterpart is narrow-minded and fails to see the larger picture.

Trying to convince them to think otherwise is… futile at best. Both are as obstinate as each other.

^^^Fuck, ^^^one ^^^of ^^^the ^^^worst ^^^interactions ^^^I’ve ^^^ever ^^^had ^^^on ^^^Reddit ^^^was ^^^with ^^^an ^^^/r/ENTP ^^^mod. ^^^But ^^^it’s ^^^all ^^^in ^^^the ^^^past.

Back to it, you’ve got the classic trouble of introvert versus extrovert – the novel ‘challenge’ of an INFJ can motivate ENTPs to the point of suffocating them. Oftentimes, the INFJ deems the ENTP annoying, and the ENTP believes the INFJ is uninterested. This isn’t helped by the fact that they’ll often run every action through Ne/Ni, making observations about each other that aren’t even true, acting to further widen the gap between them. In the end, it follows the problem that many short-lived yet intense relationships face – the other party’s attractive qualities become dislikeable.

As with any form of interpersonal interaction, you’re always going to run into problems. In this case, most of these problems arise not from the way either party functions, but from what their strongest convictions are. The promise of a mutually beneficial relationship lies firmly locked behind a gate of similar value systems, and this gate is unavoidable; both types tend to explore a huge breadth of topics, which will inevitably shore up any and all incongruencies.

***

#It's not all doom and gloom

Does ENTP/INFJ have huge potential for both parties? Yes.    
Is ENTP/INFJ as dreamy as people make it sound? Probably.    
Is ENTP/INFJ easy to achieve? No.

To put it shortly, the relationship does have potential (I daresay the greatest of any MBTI pairing), but the attitude towards the whole affair really needs to change. Sure, it could be delightful, but the amount of hype surrounding it is a lot of hot air, and probably does more harm than good; throwing yourself at people you’re never going to connect with as a result of type alone is… unwise.

If you’re an ENTP looking for a perfect INFJ or vice versa, by all means, go for it. But always keep in mind that type here is nothing more than potential – and if you can’t unlock it, it’ll probably be quicker and healthier to pursue other options, instead of forcing a square into a circular hole.

Thoughts? Have I missed anything?

[Link to original post](https://redd.it/6wfjoy)

^^x-post ^^for ^^greater ^^diversity ^^of ^^response; ^^people ^^on ^^r/the_infj ^^probably ^^think ^^this ^^way ^^already    
TL;DR: since you've been reading all the INFJ 'mistype' threads, you're able to accurately describe an immature/unhealthy INFJ, but you've inaccurately generalised this to all INFJs.  
You also seem to have gone a touch overboard in your analysis, so you've made some false assumptions stemming from information you've missed, which makes the whole thing less convincing.

---

CF theory generally states that personal development involves 1. the development of individual functions and 2. better integration of the whole stack.

So while it might be true that Ni could be obsessed with uniformity, that Fe could be arrogant/suffocating, that Ti could be prone to cognitive biases, and Se basically ignored, most people *regardless of type* naturally develop past the shittier sides of their functions with life experience.

Older INFJs I’ve spoken to (20s to mid-30s) tend to show this sort of development.    
In terms of function development, Ni isn’t nearly as obsessive, Fe comes from a place of genuine respect and care, Ti keeps cognitive dissonance low, and Se is actually considered.    
In terms of the stack as a whole, they appreciate Ti and Se for their moderating effects – Ti to keep Fe in check, and Se to keep them from Ni-Ti looping.

^^^You ^^^also ^^^see ^^^some ^^^integration ^^^of ^^^shadow ^^^functions, ^^^but ^^^that’s ^^^considered ^^^god-tier ^^^shite ^^^from ^^^a ^^^CF ^^^perspective.

Effectively, what you appear to be describing is an immature INFJ – so while what you’re saying is probably true for all INFJs at one stage or another, it would be inaccurate to apply this description to all INFJs regardless of development.

If anyone were to interpret your post as an attack, this is probably where it would happen, and it isn’t as unreasonable as you seem to imply – it is sorta unfair to judge someone for how they were when they were young and stupid, haha.

That aside, I think it generally falls into the trap of extrapolating too much from too little, so you end up with inaccuracies such as:   

* Failing to realise that introverted functions are characterised by stability and it's not just an Ni-Fe quirk    
* Overvaluing Ni / undervaluing Fe as a source of the stereotypical INFJ smothering love    
* Calling INFJs egotistical yet somehow possessing a worldview concerned with finding paradise for everyone    
* Deflecting imagined criticism with odd gaslighty statements that make one-dimensional assumptions about how someone would react, when any of these could be grounds for a non-personal criticism of your post    

I can elaborate on these if you want, but you might have to wait a while for a response because I'm on like... 3 hours of sleep and only awake because of caffeine.

All this being said, you do have a captivating way of writing; you kept me reading even though I don't really subscribe to MBTI any more (at least, not in its entirety).    
I enjoyed it quite a lot.
Seems interesting I will look at it later when I have the time.If she is infj, barging in on her lunch with her friends will all but destroy any chance you had.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iody_E2xujo

Great introvert music: feelings of isolation, getting lost in your own mind, being alone, not being understood by others despite best intentions.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Yr_gDLcX7Q

Also great: She clearly loves someone and she's clearly not telling them.I don't study in the sense of reading the same thing more than once, I don't have to.It's easy. It's also not a conscious decision, it's just something that's turned on, and OP? It's the answer you get. We just know...
&gt;INFJ being the most conflict averse if they are 9, 5, or 4.

I'm an INFJ 4 and conflict is one of my least favourite things. The thought of conflict can make me panic. I'll avoid it whenever I can.NFs and NTs. Yeah it's so terrible when someone gets asked who they're attracted to and they answer. Fuck that noise. Seems legitFellow INFJ here! Three of my faves are on your list.INFJ

1. Taylor Swift
2. Lana del Rey
3. Marina
4. Nightwish
5. Olivia RodrigoThat INFJ one is so inaccurate, never once have I planned a communist revolution \*sweats visibly while looking around nervously\*I’ve always wanted to be a fortune cookie writer!That's really cool! I shall have to look it up if I'm ever in San Francisco.
Thanks! Yeah I didn't have a huge doubt for the site since I tested INFJ there, along with many other tests. I'll have him take it! :)Thanks for the feedback! Yes, my brother is a much more complex person than what I've described here haha - sorry for the lack of info! I also think that he's a typical teenage boy, reluctant to share his inner thoughts with others, so I may not know him as well a I hope to.I would say... Si? I'm not an expert on cognitive functions :)

It's not that these material possessions have a personal value to him. Material possessions are something sought after and desired for a fulfilling life.

For instance, expensive cars, big houses, newest gadgets equal an ideal happy, exciting lifestyle to him. For my brother, a person's outer appearance/clothing and material possessions helps define him/her, so naturally he is also interested in surrounding himself with similar things. He dreams of a job that can give him such things, although not actually interested in those types of careers.

I don't want to make him sound shallow haha. This is just one of many traits of his. He doesnt place too much sentimental value on things, but value the people close to him.Thank you so much! I'm going to have him retake it to be sure but this so so very helpful :) I suspected he was a ESXP!So true for my ENTP dad. He raised his kids as atheists and bashes religion all the time.

I'm an INFJ and atheist. I honestly don't consider Buddhism as a religion.. it's more of a spiritual lifestyle, so if I had to choose, I would choose buddhism. Although I'm not religious, I think I'm a spiritual person - as in, I feel at peace when surrounded by nature and love :)Yup! Thanks for pointing that out. My dad's family is actually buddhist (the branch of buddhism in japan and korea) and I guess being surrounded by western religions here in the us makes buddhism seem less "religious" than the others :)I'm an INFJ :)

**Exterior**

- Blend in with the nature on the outside - earthy/mossy colors or made of wood

- A vegetable garden

- Solar panels or other green energy source

- Pretty wild flowers and trees, but not artificial looking like the ones on suburb home gardens

**Interior**

- Colorful! Every room different colored walls

- Mostly Wooden furniture. Non leather sofas/chairs (maybe velvet or some other cool fabric)

- Decoration with unique textures and materials (gold accents, velvet, patterns, glass, etc)

- Efficient organization and storage

- Lots of potted plants, flowers, cacti

- An art/ceramic studio for creative needs

- Great natural lighting

- Maximum 2 floors (3 if it includes a cool secret attic hehe)

**Location**

- In middle of nature/woods

- No other residence in at least a 1 mile radius

- Hiking/walking trail with beautiful views

- (probably very unlikely, but "dream house" so) 15-20 min drive from major city with progressive, openminded people and diversity

- (*please let me know if this kind of location exists irl ;__;*)

**Other (unrealistic) Features**

- No one can enter/visit/come near the home unless invited

- Frequently visited by friendly animals :3

- Not too many insects (I don't hate them, per se, but can be inconvinient/annoying)


Thanks for reading!
Edited format for easier reading :)Rhode Island sounds pretty nice :) I've been there once, and I remember cute towns and a peaceful, nature-y vibe!

Although, I actually live pretty close 30-60min from nyc so my city-standards are too high haha :&gt; ny has spoiled meThe style of that architecture looks really chic and nice - but I guess I'm going for a more rustic, low key artsy look for my ideal home. And I probably won't like glass walls/ huge windows bc people could look in :o for the interior, I would like less modern furniture and more vibrant colors (colors from Wes Anderson movies and Amelie, for reference haha)

And you're pretty spot on for the location! I've always thought that the pacific/west coast would probably be close to ideal for me :) maybe just north of SF since it has awesome nature, food, and is close to a major city.There's a correlation with mbti and religion (certain types are less likely to be religious while others are more likely to be religious - according to surveys and statistics on personality websites and myers briggs books)

So, I suppose there could be a correlation between mbti types and political beliefs.

In my opinion, the polls online (here on reddit and personalit cafe) cannot be trusted because certain people are more drawn to internet mbti forums and polls (for example, INFJs are less frequent irl but are more inclined to look into mbti stuff online, hence the seemingly large internet presence) and this results in a biased poll..

It'd be interesting to see actual statistics, though :)INFJ

- Making decisions is painful - we see the possibility of each path, and it hurts to choose one and abandon all the others.
- Not assertive... we get taken advantage of because the way we talk about our needs is too mellow/soft
- We doorslam. INFJs have (way too) high standards of people and can't get ourselves to like someone unless we feel that he/she will understand us perfectly. We also hate being aggressive or confrontational, so instead of trying to improve an imperfect relationship, we simply block them from our lives.
- Self loathing - Not all, but unhealthy INFJs are prone to self criticism :( We're understanding of others but unkind to ourselves.
- Avoidant. INFJs tend to stick to the people and things they're familiar with rather than trying new things and getting to know new people
- Impatient with incompetent people or those who don't listen to our advice.  As"Advisors" or "Counselors", we like to give advice, and when people don't listen, we secretly feel let down and upset.Hi, just want to add my two cents, since some people in the comments seem to thjnk that we INFJs are "some of the less empathetic types."

Firstly, one of INFJ's traits is that we are very private and reserved about our emotions, even to close ones. I myself almost never talk about my inner feelngs, even with my family and close friends. It's  no wonder that we can come off as unemotional, distant, and cold - thus "unempathetic". Unless you were the closest confident of an INFJ, you would probably have no idea what's truly going on inside our minds.

One of the defining characteristics of INFJs is empathy - and for a good reason. Just because we keep it well hidden from others doesn't mean it doesn't  exist. Every INFJ has varying degrees of empathy, but most have a very strong, almost unintentional/reactional empathy.

Our type of empathy may be different from other types'. For instance, the INFP empathy involves around one's  own past experiences and emotions ("I understand why you feel that way because I have experienced something similar). The INFJ empathy is more in-the-moment and we are placed into another's shoes ("I understand how you feel because I have absorbed your emotions and I am currently feeling the same emotions)

I can't speak for all INFJs, ofcourse. But in my personal experience, empathy has allowed me to understand people better, yet sometimes is a overwhelming burden that takes away the control over my own emotions. Anyway, I hope whoever reads this understands that pur empathy, among other traits, are simply hidden from most people in our lives - and I must admit that we may come off as unempathetic.. but I persoanlly think that INFJs really are one of the most empathetic types. Thanks for reading :)Haha you're very right. My best friend is INFP and something I've  noticed is that I'm very black and white with people and my friend is more "gray" and open. INFJs and INFPs are have many apparent similarities but do/think the same things for conpletely different reasons.Haha yup ;___;Starfish or soldier.Whoo, I guess it's different per person, but Theology would be the least interesting major for me... Probably psychology or art for this INFJ :)It all depends on how a person develops their functions. There are always unhealthy and healthy introverts, as well as extroverts. You seem to have many unhealthy IXXX types around you, or at least seem to perceive them this way.

From the perspective of an INFJ surrounded by introverted types, I agree that IXXX types are more prone to depression and existential crises. But there are always pros and cons to people, and perhaps you might consider that the good parts of being an introvert are not highly visible. Similarly, I've met many unhealthy EXXX types as well... although we're born with our mbti types/functions, how we view ourselves and the world depends on how we nurture and develop ourselves.Yup :) constructive criticism (preferably of an individual, not the whole type) is a good way to gain perspective and learn about ourselves better! So is general discussion of our differences.. just hope people are reminded before posting/commenting that our understanding of another person/type may be biased or generalized sometimes :&gt;Haha I guess everyone has a different view on this :) and you're right. Every opinion deserves to be shared, whether positive or negative, since this is a forum, after all. Just hope we can get more friendly threads for people who feel the way I do! Thanks for sharingYou're right - no one should refrain from making personal connections to certain mbti types. It just so happens that a select few tend to use their observations (of people they know) to make an assertive (sometimes accusatory) comments that I believe may hurt some people's feelings - or even affect the way the readers view that type in a negative/biased/misunderstood way.

Everyone feels different about this issue :) and I suppose generalizing is just a part of MBTI... just hope that people can get along better here!

Thanks for sharing :&gt;Haha true, I've  noticed the very recent ones - but similar ones have been posted often before.. and I thought I might add a friendly reminder post :)

And I think that everyone has different reasons for taking an interest in mbti. For instance, some types may have more 'internet presence' than in real life because finding/sharing others like themselves on mbti forums is theraputic. This could be the case for INTP, INFP, INFJ, etc. Please understand that sharing thoughts on depression, inner thoughts, emotions, etc could be soothing for those people because it helps to know that you're not alone...

I appreciate your perspective :) thanks for sharing.INFJ and Design (art). I have a bunch of other interests (art/psychology related) and have switched majors :/INFJ:  talks only to friends, sulks by the food, walks around and observes the host's things, analyzing them. Hangs out with the host's pets. After consuming alcohol, wants to be friends with everyone and spills secrets he/she will regret the next day.Yeah being able to choose whther or not to partake in switching lanes in that story is very important... I struggled to answer that one because it forces you to make the choice of killing.INFJ. Self. Spatial. Nature.Ooh thanks for this! I think INFJs are most lukely self, language, nature though. Only 3 INFJ listed math out of a dozen or more total :)Oh! I see haha carry on then :)The drawings are cute and I understand a few of them, but I wish it'd explain why the mbti types are matched to their food type.The online mbti popultion is different from the one irl. Certain types seem to be more attracted to these mbti forums. For example, INTJ, INFJ, INTP and, INFP make up a small percentage of the actual population but are some of the most active types online. Hence INTJs seem to be discussed a lot here.Ooh I've imagined about this so many times. I would welcome it for my own body, but tbh I want it for my loved ones so that they could stay with me longer (forever)Yup I also know an INFP and ENFP who're really into this stuff. Thanks for your replyI agree with what you're saying. Superstition and stuff like astrology may seem like a probably explanation for some people who attempt to understand the world but fail to question them logically.

I guess I asked this question because I thought it would be interesting to find out, which mbti types are prone to such ways of thinking. After all,  there seems to be a general relationship between Myers Briggs types and religious (including superstitious)/political/etc preferences.

Thanks for your detailed reply!Is it possible to view each response or each type's response?INFJ and I dont have any of these :( looks like a starterpack for edgy 9th graders from 2007 hahaBy each types response, I mean the percentages for the people who identified as the same type. (I.e. INFJ: _ _% trump, _ _% hillary, _ _ jill, etc for all the types)

I just think that without these responses divided into types... this is the just a regular poll. It makes sense to show each type's (average) preference because users of r/mbti probably want to see (average) similarities and differences the types have.Oh wow! Sorry I didn't see the edit. Thanks for all the work!Knowing that life doesn't just end with mine. Everything will continue after my death, and my loved ones will suffer if I  die.Yeah I feel like the INFJ subreddit is a pretty supportive/friendly place but there sure are a lot of cringey posts like that.

Also those "Anyone else [generic introvert characteristic that's been posted 50 times before]?"

But also so many ENTPs asking "How do I seduce this INFJ" hahaI think each type (or thinkers/feelers) bring different things to the table. "Types" must have existed in humans for a very long time, so I assume that what exists in society right now is a result of different contributions from different types of people.

That said, generally speaking, feelers typically function differently from thinkers. Someone already mentioned feelers being able to balance out thinkers and providing emotional comfort. Also, - being in the creative industry - I come across more feelers than thinkers. Of course, this is anecdotal and there are many thinkers in the industry as well (it also depends on their specific creative career path, I imagine: i.e. graphic design attracts a different crowd from fine art).

I think it's difficult to draw a line between thinkers and feelers and point out what exactly each is contributing to society - because even within mbti types, many different people exist, so this would be generalizing huge groups of people.I guess by "admirable character" you mean someone who's charismatic, serious, badass, etc.?

Maybe a lot of the ENFP characters are seemingly "happy go lucky" and light hearted... its just how a lot of ENFPs are perceived by others irl, and hence how they're represented in films.

Every type is different, and I guess ENFPs are hard to squeeze into your idea of "admirable characters".. because those characters are probably some other types. Nevertheless, there are a lot of awesome characters (few of which another comment in this thread mentioned) and I would be pretty proud of them!In the title you compare P and J but in the description it's J and N?

I just want to mention that it's hard to compare two "letters" from MBTI types. This seems to be a common misconception, and I see a lot of "P vs J" abd "N vs S" sort of posts in this sub... the letters don't hold great meaning in themselves. You need to look at functions and their influence on one's personality when combined with other functions.Yeah me neither :/ I'm INFJ and I'm one of the most tech savvy person in my social circle.. I feel like the person tried too hard to use each trait once and was left over with weird ones that he/she just placed into random typesI dont understand why this person tried so hard to use each trait only once? Some traits apply to several types, and it seems like they tried to fit all the left over traits into random personalities..Umm so i don't believe in astrology but I wanted to check my functions with what you've presented here just to check out your theory... but I can't find Ni in your post lolI can't type you. I've never been good at typing people through their text posts, because many people tend to describe themselves in a biased manner and unintentionally leave out some details. Your post tells me a lot about you, but I'm still going to refrain from making assumptions. Personally, I think MBTI helps people figure themselves out and feel not so alone, but it's not necessary to know your type.

I will say, that your mindset and experiences sound a lot like mine. I'm an INFJ, if it matters, but people across different types can experience similar feelings/thoughts.

I can relate to the part about not knowing your personality, perferences, what choices you should make for the future (majors/careers), etc. For me, this is partly because I'm a people pleaser (although introverted). I'm quite an independent thinker and have my own opinions on current events and ethical/social issues and all that, but the "light" stuff like preferences are constantly changing, depending on whom I send time with or admire. I don't think this is necessarily a bad trait. Having swaying/uncertain likes/dislikes doesn't mean you don't have a personality. That in itself if a part of who you are.

As for your major/career indecisiveness/uncertainty - again, I'm just sharing personal experiences - I had a difficult time making such big life choices as well. Not because I didn't know what I liked, but because I liked too many. I dreamed of learning/excelling in many areas. I wish(ed) I could have 20 different lives just to live all these different possibilities. Being a highly imaginative person, it's just too easy to imagine all these different lives unfold in my mind. It is painful to choose one road to walk and abandon all these other roads.

Life's so short, and it's a lot of pressure to *know* what you're going to do with yourself. Some people choose "sensible" and "practical" career paths because they feel life isn't kind and long enough to discover their true pursuits and explore them. I think this is a sad phenomenon for many young adults. People should try look at life with a different perspective. Life *is* so short; which is more the reason to spend some time trying, exploring, mastering new interests/studies so you find the right one(s) for yourself. I'm sure that you will find your path soon enough. Just be patient and dont settle for anything less than what you love.

I don't know if any of this is what you were looking for from this post... you just seemed to be going through some things I am familiar with, so I wanted to throw in some thoughts. 

Edit: I just wanted to add something extra about relationships, since you mentioned your friendships in high school several times. I think a rule I made for myself is something similar to what I said about finding your dreams above. I tell myself to never settle for anything below great/perfect. People are everywhere. You don't have to tire yourself around toxic friends or anyone not worth your time. Be kind and generous to other, and true, likeminded friends will begin to enter your life. Be humble, but give yourself enough credit to know that you deserve good people.I'm INFJ

I tend to get along with INTP and ENFJ and sometimes INFP and ENTP.

There are exceptions, as mbti is not the only factor in how well we relate and bond with others. INFJ: Loner, Night Owl, Perfectionist, Friendly, Artistic (in the creative sense, not necessarily in the form of visual art)I would guess (based on speculation and personal observation) that INFPs are most likely to be into songwriting and poetry.

But that doesn't mean they're better songwriters. Plus, anyone can be into a certain hobby regardless of type.INFJ here. Personally, I'm super attached to the past. I wouldn't say I'm attached to the present as much. I'm also invested in the emotions of others, mostly if I care about those said people, but also pretty in tune with my own emotions.

It's just a personal experience so it might be interesting to see how others feel.Yeah I know we like to try to make sense of everything based on mbti here, but I think that sometimes experiences play a factor in how we view life and our relationships. 

I know I'm just a super nostalgic person partly because I've had an ideal childhood. Also, I used to be detached from my own feelings but I've learned to examine my own emotions.

It might be a combination of nature &amp; nurture, in my personal opinion.I'm definitely INFJ :) I've known for years and have questioned/reserched cognitive functions enough to be sure. My best friend is an INFP and I see clear distinctions between us.

As I've mentioned in another comment, I think my case is also influenced by personal experiences. I think these things are not only determined by mbti (nature) but also experiences (nurture).From this one description? Hmm I know we like to generalize and make rules such as "all XNFJs feel this way" but I think even within one mbti type, people can vary based on their experiences.

I used to be more focused on the present and detached from my own emotions, like the post describes. However, through certain personal experiences I've learned to examine myself and my past more. I'm not arguing against the descriptions of the post, just wanted to put my personal view out there. I am (otherwise) very true to my type :) thanks for commentingI agree that personality does not really matter as long as you are self aware. However, I would like to disagree that being a nostalgic person - and someone who spends time thinking about the past and future - is evidence at all to determine whether he or she is an INFJ or not. 

Idealists, including INFJs, are prone to dwelling in could've/would've been's and the possibilities of life. Yes, we can be very in-the-moment, but I believe that INFJs also spend time remembering their pasts and imagining their futures.I've also noticed that my ENTP loved ones tend to procrastinate... but they're also the most ambitious and accomplished people I know. 

Its true that ENTPs are prone to putting things off until the last minute, but I think it allows them to find creative ways to work smarter. Personally, I'm a little jealous that they know how to accomplish things faster and more effectively without putting as much time in :')F and T are not indicators of higher or lower emotional capacity. The four letters that make up a type dont have distinct meaning by themselves. You should just ask your friend to take a good mbti test online - it can be difficult to accurately type a person based on an outsider's descriptions.Nice :) a close friend of mine is INFP and shares many similarities with your friend as described in the post.I've noticed that (unlike individual mbti subreddits) r/mbti has been getting a lot of negative threads..

Some are asking *which type you would hate to be* or *which type you could never get along with*. I don't see how these could end up well.

I've also noticed some posts generalizing a whole groups of functions/types and reducing them to "pessimistic" and "gloomy". Maybe people don't realize that these types of posts might be upsetting to some people.

The whole point of exploring mbti types is to understand ourselves and understand that **people are fundamentally different**. r/mbti allows us to mingle and discover other types - and while discussing our differences is great, there's a lot of misunderstood/negative stereotyping here... and many people seem to not realize that we will never understand another type perfectly - and that not everyone of the same type are the same, so "someone you know with the same type" or "something you about them read online" cannot be used to generalize a whole group of people. Let's  be openminded and nice to each other.. :&gt;

Just want this sub to remain a pleasant place for all of us to visit :)I don't, but just wondering if there is some correlation between mbti types and people's opinion on astrology stuff.
Metamorphosing.ProjectEvolove.com Hold the door,  I'm right behind you.omw, just need an address.WOWZAH.
I'm going to guess INFPExtra heavy on the space out. I am often found just staring into space / at an uninteresting object and sometimes need to be physically jostled from my train of thought.As a confidently-typed INFJ, I don't feel a lot of similarities here. The way you communicate and the way you describe your interactions with other people, I would say ISFJ. 

I'm not really qualified (or inclined, tbh) to go through all the details here, and nitpick the different ways you could identify with whichever stack. But to me you seem to react a lot more than you act. Not that you don't get anything done, but that's my impression. Making plans is a good habit, but it can also be a coping mechanism. And judging by the way you say people don't generally ask you for advice - I think this is contrary to the experience of a lot of INFJs. Strangers literally come up to me on the street to ask me for directions or advice on restaurants or just to make conversation. I always find this uncomfortable but show an amiable, helpful exterior. And as far as friends and family go, I'm the person people talk to about their problems. I also find this to rewarding yet draining. Also, when I'm lost in thought, I zone out *completely*. You might have to physically jostle me to get me out of it. I am very unaware of my surroundings.

Just my two cents and perspective. I wish you peace and a sense of closure no matter what you decide!Can confirm best-seller list. I find digging through the enormous literary glut to be a draining and possibly unfulfilling task - so why not trust someone? I do only get them if they sound like something I'll like, though.

As far as pixie...mischievous? I might give that off. I think it might have to do with the fact that we're usually holding something back, but always with a smile. And sometimes the smile is "I've figured you out" while pretending not to have figured them out ;)For the first one, I was talking about the bestseller list. Sometimes I start in the middle of a thought, sorry, my bad... :P

And I think there's something to the delicacy, I could get behind that. I put on a face of having it together a lot of the time, but in truth I might be having a really rough time. If that's what you mean, anyway.

Edit: typoI can get behind this. I think it is the calm, approachable (resting nice face?), helpful vibe thing. Never met an ISFJ, hi!No, I get you. I don't want to claim special snowflake status, so I'm not going to say I am or am not Tinkerbell, but you make sense.

I'm gonna try one last time about the best seller list. Really, I'm just being lazy. I figure a bunch of people already read those and thought they were pretty great, so they're a relatively low-risk investment of my time. I hate starting a book that I end up hating halfway through. Waste of time! I do prefer fiction, though sometimes I'll read non-fiction, too, particularly if it's about the human spirit or understanding ourselves ("Nothing to Envy", "Free Will", "The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat", "Stumbling on Happiness", etc.). I think fiction is attractive because it can paint whatever universe it wants, something to get completely lost in :) But since I hate picking a dud, my reading list consists almost entirely of suggestions from friends and the best seller list.Haha, thanks! :)For me it's quite exhausting to be with other people for extended periods of time. Even if they're people I love. If my mother and sister come to visit for a long weekend, and I spend every minute with them, then by the time they leave I want to rip my hair out. I miss them after a while, and it's not like I don't like seeing them. But it stresses me out and overwhelms me. Some people affect me less - these are my close friends.

I will literally breathe a sigh of relief when people leave my apartment and I instantly feel lighter. Being alone with my thoughts lets me focus and find inner calm. When there's too much input from other people, I just get lost in the constant stimulation. A lot of times I'll completely zone out - this is like imitation alone time and I find myself doing it when I'm around people I find overwhelming but found a minute where no one was talking to me.I guess it's fair to say that your inner world revolves around input from other people, but my inner world requires no input from other people. When I'm with other people, it's the opposite of bored - it's over-stimulation. I get physically and mentally tired around people, and I lose my center.

I guess, just imagine how you feel when you're alone too long - anxious, restless - that's how she feels when she's around people too much.I usually prefer music with nuance, regardless of style. Something a little more sophisticated in its construction. Keeps it interesting. I'm not a music snob, but there are things I like and don't like. Country - don't like, seems fake and disingenuous a lot of the time - manipulative, if that makes sense. Maybe that's just my impression of current songs. The nuance doesn't have to reside in the music, either, it can be in the lyrics, which I find just as fulfilling. Something that speaks to me as truth. Not in some faux deep sense. Just, someone speaking their mind about something real about the human experience. For instance, I equally enjoy Bob Marley's "One Love" and Sublime's "Caress Me Down". In terms of lyrics, the first speaks to my hope for humanity and the honest optimism is soothing. The second speaks to baser urges and has some clever word play, plus it's a bilingual song. It itches something in my brain. Musically, I like the big, open vocals of the chorus in "One Love" - they feel full and enveloping. And I like the dynamics of the vocal force in "Caress Me Down" - almost grunting, then flaking falsetto, then a dirty, grimey verse and an engaging bass with a good beat that makes me want to move. :)&gt;What do you consider yourself in a religious sense: 

Agnostic

&gt;Are you Gnostic or Agnostic: 

Agnostic

&gt;What are the reasons for you being (Agnostic): 

I am agnostic because I don't see the point in arguing about something you can't prove either way. And I don't begrudge people their beliefs as long as they don't adversely affect anyone else. If it helps them be good people and helps them sleep better, then good for them.

&gt;Is religion important to you: 

I'll debate religion, and it's had a large impact on my life. But I wouldn't say it's important to me one way or the other. Most of my debates about religion are really about it when it's exploited as a means of control to gain power, which is wielded with violence usually (because humans can be shitty). Sorry, /rant.

&gt;Have you ever changed your belief in your life: 

I was raised Pentecostal, scared to death of the rapture and of going to hell, of demons and of not being good enough. I outgrew this when I started to realize that if God does exist, he's a dick, or at best, he doesn't care. And everyone seemed to be just telling each other the same comforting lies that defied logic and could be deeply cruel.

&gt;Why did you change your belief, what led to you to it:

I guess I already partially answered this question. I was 14, and it seemed like bullshit, and the people telling it to me weren't good people.

&gt;Have you ever argued for your religion or against: 

I mean, it's hard to argue with an agnostic. You believe in God? Cool. You don't? Cool. You're not going to get me to join you, and if you're that committed to converting me we're going to have an argument. We'll also have an argument (probably a heated one) if you think your religion gives you special status or gives you the right to make decisions for other people.

&gt;If you do argue what arguments to you tend to stick to: 

You can't prove god(s) exist, and you can't prove they don't. Period. You can believe what you want to believe. Both sides seem to have way too much conviction about their stance, in my opinion. If you're not denying science, though, I don't mind in the least. Just mind your own business and don't be an asshole.

&gt;How do you feel about religion: 

I think people adhere to it for a few reasons. I think the most common one is to understand their life in a way that makes sense to them. If they need purpose, and can't find it, believing God has a plan is probably comforting. For some people it's an excuse to feel superior, to judge others from a perspective of always being right because God said so (or because God doesn't exist). Others feign spirituality to gain the support of the devout, when their real motivations are the same as they ever were - power, control, wealth. Some are just trying to be good people, and see God as inherently good, and try to emulate that. Others see spirituality as a disease that clouds judgment and keeps humanity from making progress. I get it. I just don't care all that much. The real problems are not inherent to spirituality - they're inherent to the base urges of humanity. Religion (or vehement opposition to what someone else chooses to believe and practice in private) is just a convenient vehicle for the manipulative among us.

Edit: Formatting!!! Aaarrrggggghhh!I also like other types of music. Big fan of the Fratellis, Hozier, Billy Joel, The Black Keys, Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, Houndmouth, The Avett Brothers, The Strokes, Alt-J...I don't keep an exhaustive list. I just know that I like or don't like something (or haven't hear of it, much more likely) when prompted. 

Also, I really could listen to music all day, though usually while doing other things. And I prefer radio over an album, usually, because I like variety and enjoy not knowing what's coming next (which I don't usually enjoy :P).

Edit - more thoughtsSure. But some things have ample evidence. There isn't even a way to test the hypothesis that there is a god, nor a way to test the null hypothesis. We can test things like gravity, etc, against our working models of them. I don't see the point in arguing about something that doesn't have anything to do with logic or observation. I could also argue about the existence of a toaster in the middle of R136, but I don't, because it's a pointless exercise. If you wanted to diefy all toasters because you believed in the Our Holy Toaster of Truth and Light, then I probably still wouldn't have a problem. If you extended it further to "no one is allowed to use toasters" then we have a problem. This is exactly the same as the discussion about whether there is a god. There is no way to test the theory, or the null hypothesis, so you're welcome to think whatever you want to think. I literally do not care.*high five*Yeah, I (Fe) am all about "if everyone in the world did this, would it be a better place?" If not, then I'm being selfish and not doing my part. It's about being the change, setting an example, even if no one is watching, etc. I heavily identify with deontological ethics over consequential ethics.People tell me I'm very warm and approachable. This is supported by evidence, as people on the street talk to me often. I get asked for directions, restaurant recommendations, where to park (yes, people will talk to me from their car while I'm walking). I also usually get small talk while waiting for a light, etc. My view of people in general has been shaped by this - most people are just trying to be good people. It took a long time for me to figure out this is not a ubiquitous experience.

I've said before, I think I have resting nice face.

ETA: Oh, and cute. I get called cute a lot. Not (just) by people hitting on me. Old ladies, women my age, etc. Apparently the consensus is that I'm cute.Omg, same for distressed face, lol. I was once lost in a European city and did not speak the language. And a stranger not only got me to the right bus and then rode it with me, but then proceeded to give me a little history lesson on the nearby sites as he steered me to my street, then told me to be safe and left with a smile. 

Also, on a bus in London, I must have looked stressed because I was preoccupied with my luggage and I was giving a talk when I arrived. A little old lady on the bus asked if I needed help, lol. I can generally rely on the kindness of strangers when in need (though this isn't often, because I'm a planner :P).

I also have a terrible sense of direction, but this does not stop people from asking me for directions (even when I am not sure where I'm going).

Also, I guess people say they notice my eyes, that they're very pretty / interesting and "alive"? But they don't say this right away, because that'd be weird. I only hear about this later. Hard to know if it's a compliment from men who are interested (because it's usually men that say this) or if it's universally true. I guess I get compliments on smile and eyes on dating sites...but again - seems pretty boilerplate.She has gotten slightly better more recently, since getting a new job (she was unemployed for a while). She works at a hearing aid provider, and loves helping the (mostly elderly) clients to hear again. Including her late husband's mother. She puts up a lovely Christmas display in the office's windows on Main St. in her little town (where I grew up). She seems happy when she talks about work, but I think that's the only bright spot in her life right now :/

She mentions grandchildren, but that's not happening soon :P

Edited for clarificatonI live in the US.I've lived all over, it's pretty constant.I got 30, which they say is worse than 26% of people. Seems about right, I guess. Depends on the context. 

Something they were expected to be prepared for? Annoyed. If it's your responsibility, you're just being lazy. If you need help, ask. I'll still help, though.

Random person who can't figure out how something works? I help, might feel some pity if it's a really simple thing. If it's not really simple, I understand and have been there. I feel good about helping, and don't think any less of the person.I am 31 and Caucasian, in the US. Biggest chunk of me is Irish.

http://imgur.com/a/5oJUg

Me and my hair of many colors :)Thanks!Neither were ever tested, but this is my best guess. My mom is ISFJ, and my dad was ENFP. I am INFJ.Happy Halloween ;) https://imgur.com/a/VlB8F

Went as ghost bride and rode the metro, got stopped for photos, lol.Thanks! :)That's hard to say. For the counting thing, I definitely subvocalize, but for other mathematical / physics concepts, I "see" things fitting together, in a way. Hard to describe. When I think about lowest potential energy in a solid, I don't think of the numbers, I see a lattice of atoms pulling on each other and visualize energy as glow. When I think about detecting photons, I always visualize the absorption and then the motion of electrons. Understanding complex concepts always happens via some virtual permutation of information in image form.

For reading, I do both at once. The characters are talking in their own little movie. I imagine them doing the things they're doing, saying the things they're saying. They have their own voices. If something happens in the narrative off in the distance, my reference changes. If the characters hear something in the woods, I "look" towards the woods with them. If the narrative jumps to a third person spying on them, my perspective shifts to the spy's vantage point. Complete with quieter voices and everything.

I will definitely get lost in a book and not hear you until you physically shake me. Same when I'm watching a tv show that I like, or a movie, though it's much easier to distract me then. If I'm inside my head and really engrossed, you will literally have to shake me out of it.

That said, if I'm doing something new and complicated, I will totally talk to myself. For instance, new cookie recipe - I'm reading that sucker out loud so I don't lose my place and so I don't forget what I'm doing.Planning and patience. Take the time to think something through all the way to the end, take into account uncertainties and branching possibilities.

My ENTP friend once said he's like a mountain stream - he just goes. If there's something in the way, he goes around it or over it and meanders wherever. He then said I'm like one of those plains rivers, the spreads out into many many different streams all at once. I look at all the possibilities at once, to be aware of them and my place relative to them, to find the best possible way forward. My thought process branches out into the future.

So, take the time to feel things out first, before you go barrelling down the mountainside. :PINFP?

You sound a lot like my sister, who is an INFP. I'm not just being contrary. Have you looked into it?I was gonna say housecat for INFJ as well. Aloof and uninterested at first, then super cuddly and fun if we like you. Also, the judginess. I feel like cats are judgy.No, I get it. I mostly identify with the "stupid humans" attitude....that might be the genocide coming out... :PIntroverted does not necessarily mean shy and boring. Find better introverts.I don't really recognize INFJ in there, to be honest. Particularly the general sense of apathy (perhaps too harsh a word) that I get about him. For him to take a test and not really know how to answer the questions, and then give up and never go back to it? That lack of care about introspection is definitely not INFJ. Also, he seemed pretty judgey about your game, so I'm gonna say not big on Fe. Fe says (especially if you're not very close) "I can see why you'd like it, but it's just not for me," not "it doesn't matter and that's cheating." We might feel the same way about it, but Fe is much more magnanimous in disagreement.

I think he is likely introverted given his reserved demeanor and occasional "lost in space" look, and I get a sensor vibe (though I can't put my finger on why). So that gives ISxx. But I don't think he uses Fe, so that means ISFJ is out. I am also going to say he's more of a J than a P, so I'm going to say ISTJ. Here are some excerpts from the personalitypage profile that I think support the typing:

"ISTJs tend to believe in laws and traditions, and expect the same from others. They're not comfortable with breaking laws or going against the rules. If they are able to see a good reason for stepping outside of the established mode of doing things, the ISTJ will support that effort. However, ISTJs more often tend to believe that things should be done according to procedures and plans. If an ISTJ has not developed their Intuitive side sufficiently, they may become overly obsessed with structure, and insist on doing everything "by the book"."

"However, they will resist putting energy into things which don't make sense to them, or for which they can't see a practical application."

"ISTJs usually have a great sense of space and function, and artistic appreciation. Their homes are likely to be tastefully furnished and immaculately maintained. They are acutely aware of their senses, and want to be in surroundings which fit their need for structure, order, and beauty."

There's not a lot to go on, but that's my best guess.I'm more upset that they didn't smite Lot for offering his virgin daughters to a crowd of rapey men as a "compromise."INFJ has a tendency to think they're better than everyone else, but they'll never admit it, so much of their interactions are actually inherently condescending. They can think that they are unique in their understanding of "deep" things and they're the only ones that care about "important" things. Easily fall prey to special snowflake status. Lots of self pity. Can be manipulative. Also, Hitler: "I bet the world would be a better place if I just killed all these people that I don't like..."Not necessarily a sensing function - vigilance doesn't have to be physically-oriented. For example, as an INFJ with trauma, my hypervigilance is Fe-based by default. Though, if I am in a scary physical situation, my Se will kick in - adrenaline makes everything tingly and I hear and smell everything. It's still draining to use it, though.It's flair. You can enable it on the sidebar to the right.Sure, I'm not saying that it's definitely always a feeling-based function. I guess what I'm saying is that I think trauma could simply cause one of your functions to go into overdrive (like Fe), not necessarily emphasize a different one. I would agree with you and hypothesize that the particular function that gets supersized would be dependent on the particular trauma and also the nature of the person. Everybody uses S, N, T, and F, after all. My trauma wasn't only psychological in nature, though that was a component. It was also physical in nature. It wasn't, say, a random car crash - that would be mostly physical. It also wasn't purely emotional abuse - mostly feelings-based. I'm not sure what the coping mechanism would have been had the trauma been the result of a purely physical threat. But I'm inclined to say that, given my experience of a mixed bag, I think a person is more likely to compensate with a familiar function that they feel is easy to use. That is, if they are coping *well*. Obviously you could cope badly with shadow or inferior functions, as well. But, you'd be bad at it.

I guess I'm supporting the "don't really change" camp, based on my personal experience. I think I also tend to think of the brain in terms of trained neurological pathways, which doesn't rule out plasticity and changes / adaptations, but that's mostly prompted by actual brain damage. So, maybe I would say that you mostly don't change your type, except in the case of brain damage. I think people that come out of brain damage with completely different personalities (think frontal lobe damage) are evidence of this.

edit: typoslol....

This whole thing is a giant, flashing INFP sign.

INFP doesn't mean you are overly emotional. Overanalyzing, self-conscious, judgemental relative to your personal beliefs, focusing on regrets in the past, putting emphasis on physical objects regarding memories, and (no offense) thinking you're being logical when you're really not...

Seriously, though, calm down. You seem pretty young, so focus on personal growth and being a better person (not that you're a bad person, we could all be better people). No problem, we all get confused and a bit overwhelmed sometimes :)This is so INTP that it hurts. *whoosh*You're being objective when you need to be subjective. 

The commenters weren't talking about the meaning of the words. The meaning of "troll" is the same for the ENTP and for you. It just so happens that an ENTP considers being a troll...I won't say a *good* thing, but maybe a fun thing? Admirable thing? For you it's a bad thing. You are both fully aware of what troll means.

So for you, writing that they're a troll is an insult. But the ENTP didn't take it as an insult. They weren't pointing out that you were wrong in your assessment from your point of view (and probably many others' point of view), just that negative traits are a subjective thing.But dude...that's like, the point, man.

No one is expecting you to find the objectively negative traits...because there are none...No one is complaining, they're just making the observation. Your observations were valid, don't stress :)You were so focused on the objective truth that you failed to see that other people were speaking subjectively, undermining the premise that there can be an objective truth at all.INFJ female, 31

I drive an all-black 2015 Mini Cooper. I have a flower license plate and holder. I've set the LEDs on the interior to cycle through the rainbow constantly. I dig the toggle switches and the round instrument bubbles. I like that it's little, helps in heavy traffic and for parking. I like the hatchback - super useful and efficient use of space. Pretty great on gas, but very fun to drive. The seats are heated, which is nice in winter, and they're super comfy :) Oh, and it has the upgraded sound system - superb. And, this is a small thing, but the passenger side-view mirror tilts down when you're in reverse so you can see the curb for better parallel parking. I have big black rims and run-flat tires.

I only got the all black because it was a steal. If I'd built a brand new one I would have gotten light blue with white strips, a white roof, checkerboard side-view mirrors (and rear mirror), and white / spoke-y rims (shiny metal if I couldn't get white). Oh, and I'd get checkerboard air nozzle caps for the tires and blue Mini logos for the centers of the rims. Because Minis are awesome.

I don't have the Cooper S, just the cooper, so I've got 3 turbocharged cylinders and it has the cutest little gurgle. It drives like an excited puppy and I love it.

Edited to add: Her name is Lucille.Mazda MX-5

do itMe too!!! But I like them because they're cute and have lots of personality. But also efficient and surprisingly practical. Basically the car version of me.I &lt;3 your usernameI was between a Golf and a Mini. I liked the Golf (GTI), nice to drive, handled well, good on gas, spacious for a hatchback. But...I dunno, it was just so...dull. It felt like a weird spaceship on the inside and everything was austere and grey and polished. And the car was so put together that it just kind of had zero personality. Or maybe the personality of a German businessman who occasionally wears brightly colored socks.

The Mini, by contrast, is quite flamboyant on the inside, what with it's toggle switches and bubbled instrument panels and LEDs everywhere, and secret compartment in the dash. It felt more alive, and so I went with the Mini. But a Golf is a solid buy, dude.Love a Mazda 6. I think, in the end, too big for me to drive in the city, but man are they fun on the highway :)&gt;Not to mention that chandelier I'm trying to install

So classy &lt;3K. You didn't seem to grasp it because you were arguing completely outside of their point.You know, I test drove a new Mazda 3 and was very disappointed. It drove like I was dragging it's ass around every corner, very little joie de vivre. I'd driven one a few years back and it was fantastic, not sure what they changed but it's no good :(

Also the navigation panel on the center console literally looked like someone just glued a tablet up there. Ridiculous.Yeah, I was sure it would be near the top of my list, but no :(Mine says "INFJ, if you're into that sort of thing."

I'm pretty meh about it.That's sad :(

I do not relate, I am 5'3". I will say that I feel very comfortable in an MX-5 and my Mini, because I can reach all the dials without stretching. I suppose someone significantly bigger than me would feel cramped.My mom is ISFJ, my dad was ENFP. Got along great with my dad, mom was more of a challenge. Me and mom get along better now, but her black and white view of literally everything is really aggravating sometimes. Also, she just accepts things as they are, doesn't try to change anything. Very focused on the past, lives in her memories sometimes. We have a better relationship now that I'm older and I've earned enough respect for her to treat me like the adult that I am.He was not overly emotional, but very sensitive to other people's emotional states. My mom can be oblivious to that sometimes (but also sometimes really great at it, haven't figured that one out), but my dad was always really good at noticing when someone is upset or in need of cheering up. And he would do so in a way that didn't single the person out as needing it, he was just super friendly and made everybody feel special. He was full of second and third chances, saw the good in everyone. He talked to other people so much, sometimes we'd be two, three hours after church waiting for him to be done with a conversation (slightly aggravating sometimes, but looking back kind of endearing).

He was "manly" in the sense that he was physically formidable and strong, worked with his hands, provided for his family, made the executive decisions (note that my mom was on board with this dynamic) - he did what was expected of him. But he also wasn't afraid to cry in front of me and did a few times. Never yelled at my mother, even when they disagreed (even though she would yell, lol). He sent her a rose every week from the local floral shop for years, up until he died. When he was sick (cancer), he worked longer hours to make extra money to pay off the house so my mom wouldn't have to worry if he didn't make it.

He could be somewhat impulsive, but my mom kind of minimized that by making him see that sometimes that negatively affected her (for example, just buying a motorcycle one day, haha). Another time he wanted to buy the house next door that was for sale so my sister and I would always have a place to stay, she said no :P But that also made him really fun, spontaneous. Literally everyone loved him. 

If I had to pick a flaw, I'd say he worked too much, and maybe gave people too many chances. Sometimes his care for other people seemed to eclipse his care about his family - this wasn't actually the case, I know, but his time allocation at home with family was lacking. He ran his own business eventually, and then even on vacation he would be on the phone about it constantly. He frequently worked weekends, and his normal work hours were about 6:30am to 7pm, and then he would always fall asleep on the couch or in his recliner by 9pm or so. He never missed anything that he knew was important, but I kind of wish he was around more. I know it was out of love, though - he was taking care of us and making sure we had the money to have what we needed.

Edit: As an aside, I think he really appreciated how my mom grounded him. They'd been together since high school, but had a really rocky relationship. He cheated on her multiple times, but she'd take him back. Eventually she left him on the other side of the country and moved back home, and it gave him a wake-up call. He would tell me this story himself. He moved back, talked to her parents, and proposed. And my mom must have seen who he really was, because she said yes. He appreciated that she was a great mom, a great homemaker, committed to traditions (both keeping and making new ones). She was always supportive, and though she has strong opinions, she always deferred to his judgement. I think that trust made him a better man because of the responsibility of it. My mom was and is always proud of him, always admiring. He was her world.You're so sweet :) Just that little bit of a paragraph reminds me so much of my dad. So warm you guys are! And you always know how to make someone feel special. I &lt;3 you guys. I should really hang out on /r/enfp more.

At times I wished my dad were home more, or that he would just stop talking and let us leave for once. Or that my mother would let her guard down a bit and just be a person with me, or that she'd stop judging things by her initial reaction and then cementing it forever. But all in all, I wouldn't trade them for any other parents. They loved me with everything they had, and I can't really ask for more than that. 

My mom comes across as really "stick in the mud" here, but she's reasonable if you make an emotional appeal. If you try to logic her out of something it never works, because she feels condescended to. If you want her to understand, you have to make it personal, and then she's very empathetic. She's always there when I need her, and even when we argue, it never lasts long. She lets me know that she's proud of me, that she sees my dad in me, and that she always loves me. She remembers little things that happened forever ago, and she loves tying things together in this sort of memory-logic thing. She finds a path through her memories, connecting them by theme or person or experience - she loves finding these threads that, to her, make everything tie together. It used to annoy the crap out of me, lol, because it's this completely internal sentimentality and belief in fate / providence / god / something that I just don't believe in. But now that I'm older, I see it as endearing. She's just tying happy things together and feeling like life has rhyme and reason. And that's a nice sentiment. I don't believe it like she does, but it gives me comfort because it gives her comfort. Also, she still decorates the house for when I come home for Christmas. Makes the same Christmas cookies she's always made, puts up the same ancient decorations, plays the same old Christmas records and we watch the same old Christmas movies. Heck, she even still makes me go around to the neighbors' houses to give them their tin of cookies on Christmas morning. I'm 31, yet there I go handing out cookies with my 25 year old sister like we're in grade school, lol. There's something really *comforting* about coming home to a scene from your childhood. And she genuinely takes joy in that, and it's contagious. She's pretty awesome :)

We still argue about the proper way to do the dishes and whether rinsing with hot water is actually necessary....lolI grew up around a lot of feelers, but I still felt misunderstood quite a bit. Like, they'd know I was upset, but couldn't really understand *why*, which is fair, since I didn't always know why either. It's actually been sort of tough in that with just my mom - dad was better at following the breadcrumbs with me. With my mom, whatever presents in the midst of me being upset is obviously the reason I'm upset. If I'm upset about something deeper, and I overreact to something else, she fails to see that connection, even after I explain it. This is actually the opposite of dismissive, haha. She'll remember that overreaction, along with the underlying reason I eventually figure out, and to her they have the same weight and she'll treat either situation with the same amount of care in the future. Like, no mom, I'm don't actually feel that strongly about slippers (or whatever). She always always means well. Emotional support was never the problem, just the understanding part. It left me always explaining, and always feeling tired of it, and being misunderstood often. Sometimes, though, she does come through and observe something that helps me figure it out. And she's really great at joining me in the righteous "rightness" when someone's being a jerk, lol.

Me: They were just so rude, mom, such a miserable human being.

Mom: Well, honey, miserable human beings just have to make other people miserable.

Me: I know, misery loves company. I just wish they'd think about other people. That's how the world works, you know?

Mom: I know, baby. Some people just don't care enough. Don't let them get to you, you're a better person than they are for responding with patience.

Me: Thanks, mom. It just really got me agitated.

Mom: That's alright, honey. But don't let them get under your skin, they're not worth your time or energy.

Quality ISFJ / INFJ interaction :)


ETA: Also, my mom used to feel the same way about me and not caring. I'm just not as sentimental as she is, but I've shown over the years that family is important to me, so this hasn't been an issue since I was a teenager.

Also, how I imagine the conversation would have gone with my dad.

Me: They were just so rude, dad, such a miserable human being. Why would they treat me that way?

Dad: Well, you don't know what they might be going through. It's no excuse for that sort of behavior, but try not to judge them.

Me: But how can they be so unaware of other people, be so selfish?

Dad: They are probably caught up in their own problems. You know, maybe the way you responded was just what they needed. Sometime later today, they might reflect on it and realize that the world is a better place than they think, because of you.

Me: Yeah, I guess. It still hurt my feelings, though.

Dad: I know, sweetie. But you're strong enough to deal with that sort of person, you can even spread positive feelings more than they can spread negative ones. *gives me a hug*Hehe...they definitely are momma bears, aren't they? I'll say one thing for sure about my mom. If you mess with her babies, she will rain hellfire down on you, lol.Said every INFP ever.... :P

Ni/Fe isn't about analyzing emotions, it's about just feeling them. I feel that you're sad, and I just feel like I understand how that might make you react in the moment and what you need right then. I instantly just feel like I get you and know how to help from an emotional standpoint. Fi/Ne tries emotions on for size in order to empathize. 

You seem sad, I know what sad feels like, sad is bad, I should help: Detached Analysis. (Fi/Ne)

You are sad and that makes me sad, I want to help: Direct Experience. (Ni/Fe)

If you're trying to analyze (mirror) emotions, I don't think that's Ni/Fe. If you just feel that person's sadness and then try to make them feel better so that you feel better, that's Ni/Fe.Everybody cares what other people think of them - anyone can be insecure. For Fe vs Fi, it matters *why* you care. Fi wants to be validated and seen as "reasonable", for lack of a better word. Fe cares more about being understood, regardless of whether that is good or bad.

For example - INFP wants their internal system to be seen as valid and logical and they want their feelings to be respected, and to some degree, they need to feel like you agree to feel validated ("how could they think I don't have logical reasons for my actions?"). INFJ wants you to understand their core values, doesn't really care if you agree or not - misunderstanding the motivation for an action is very hurtful ("how could they think I would be that selfish?").

So, I don't think "I care a lot about what people think of me" is enough to go on. I think the statement about random bits of knowledge is solidly Ne. Replaying memories in their head is a classic SiFi loop.

OP seems solidly INFP to me.All of this. You didn't "accidentally" read his conversations. "Seeing if it would work" was a decision that you knew could result in you having access to his private account. So don't delude yourself into thinking you weren't snooping. That doesn't change what he said or did, but it does say that you didn't trust him to begin with, to be so curious.

But regardless of who did what wrong, why would you accept this level of disrespect? Seriously, I was just reading this whole thing like WTF. He's obviously an immature asshole. People don't change, and you're not going to be able to trust him in the future. Stop being a doormat and stand up for yourself and dump him.When I was younger I would have said that I want kids. But now that I'm older and have more life experience in general, I'd say no unless something sways me convincingly. I'm maybe 50/50 on it, to be honest. The right partner, a stable career, disposable income - these are things I would need to want to have a kid. The idea of raising a tiny human to add to the "good human" side of the world is appealing to me. Showing them how life works, explaining how the universe ticks, answering the endless "why" questions - that seems fun and rewarding. But never getting enough sleep, changing dirty diapers and cleaning up puke and other endless bodily fluids - that does not sound fun or rewarding. I've done all those things, and would do them out of love, but would I be happier if I didn't have to do them? Hard to say. Surveys of parents in the US show that parents have lower overall happiness than those without children, on average. I chalk this up to lack of support for parents in general - daycare is ridiculously expensive, there are crazy expectations to curate childhoods into perfect experiences, etc. There is the expectation that the self should be subsumed to role of "mother," which I am not keen to allow. I worked hard to be the successful person that I am, and I shouldn't have to choose between being a mother and being ambitious. Men can be both parent and successful careerists, without any societal guilt, why not women? Double standard. I'm not saying every woman wants what I want, just saying that what I want doesn't necessarily jive with the realities of motherhood. On the bright side, not every country sees this decrease in happiness. I believe Scandinavian countries have higher overall happiness in parents (this would seem to further bolster my "support system" hypothesis).

So I guess I have two points. 

1: People change their minds about kids both ways as they get older (though some don't). Truth is, you can't be sure if you wanted kids or not until you're old and look back at your choices. So at 19, it's totally understandable that you don't want them. But you might when you have a stable relationship and a stable job, etc. Perspectives change. And the reverse is true, as well.

2: I do not know if I want kids or not. In theory, I could see myself being a wonderful mother and enjoying it. Not sure if I'll get there, though.1: Nurturing - Not necessarily in the typical sappy sense, but the type of person who pays attention to the needs of others. Someone who genuinely cares about others. And someone who is capable of being gentle in times of stress.

2: Sense of Duty - This one is kind of hard to explain, might not be the right words. Someone who takes it upon themselves to take care of others. Someone who is capable of getting a situation under control and will do so without prompting. For example, someone who will get up at 3am to soothe a child having a nightmare, someone who will clean up a spill / mess right away, someone who will make executive decisions in my absence that I can respect. Someone who naturally takes half of the responsibility.

3: Communication - Definitely very important. Good communication skills are key to not only being a parent, but to maintaining our relationship under the stress of raising a child. They must be open and honest and must listen well. We would have to get past any negative recurring relationship patterns for me to consider making the relationship more difficult.

4: Desire to Have Children - If my partner absolutely did not want children, I'd likely be ok with that. I would definitely discuss it, why they don't want them, under what conditions might they consider it, etc. If they have misgivings about specific things, those might be overcome and we might find ourselves happier with children. If they are fundamentally opposed to the idea of children, even when things are stable and comfortable, then I suppose that would be that.I think INFJs in general are likely to consider all possible outcomes, and so the thought process would be similar. However, different life experiences would change the conclusion, I'd wager. Update!

There is now a topic in r/INFJ about just this topic, and you can see basically what I said. Considering lots of options, but those with children saying it's worth it. Overall, an indecisive bunch on the topic.

https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/5m47uf/fellow_infjs_what_are_your_thoughts_on_having/lol @ "hysterical sobbing"I have only ever run over one squirrel and I was disturbed and guilty the whole day. Especially because you always make that calculus of "should I slow down or maintain speed?" when a squirrel is in the road. Do you trust the squirrel's ability to judge the speed of your car? Or do you slow down and potentially throw the squirrel off?

That fateful day I chose to trust the squirrel's road-crossing expertise and was rewarded with negligent squirrelicide. THE SOUND OMG THE SOUND....

*looks off into space with a pained expression and hopes the squirrel died instantly*At first I was like..."I'm not weird" but then I was like...*guilty*....ok, I'm weird.You should look into increasing the probability of multiple birth or you'll never make it. Also, you should start rounding up fertile women and get some lube, you're gonna be super busy.My sister is INFP and my mother is ISFJ, and I came here thinking it would be simple because they are so different. But here I sit, sort of stumped.

I'm inclined to say INFP, just because I see Fi more than Fe (internal values system):

&gt;I can't easily communicate with others who don't have the same values as I do.


&gt;Whatever I do, I like to do it differently.

&gt;I'm logical-minded but my feelings tend to override that sometimes.

&gt;In stressful situations, I can lose my temper and become overly defensive of myself. I'm not really afraid of becoming vulnerable and showing off all my weaknesses and being like "so what, this is me! I'm broken...deal with it!"

You sound like you have some social anxiety / insecure anxious attachment style. So that could heighten your attempts at control to make you seem more J than you are.I hope you feel more at ease with the help of therapy! It certainly helped me with my anxiety :)I am not an ISFJ, but my mother is, so I'm familiar with the type. I will say that I get the whole "boring" stereotype - I guess people with very little drama and steadfast loyalty might be "boring," but sometimes the world needs a steady hand, you know?

I think it's kind of weird that your character would want to bring about fundamental change, since ISFJs really value tradition. You have to really sell that it's a change for the greater good or to protect people who are vulnerable, then I see him being on board.

If you want to add some organic "save the day" traits to this character, you might work in something about memory and noticing patterns in history. My mother likes to make these leaps between memories with similar themes or settings, and to her it seems like it's tied up in a nice bow when things come full circle. It's hard for me to explain, because it's totally not how I work, lol. But I'll try to give an example. I tell her that I was really enjoying this museum display, looking at a specific painting and then how I read about the author and when it was painted and some interesting tidbits about it, and the author happened to have a pet weasel, how weird. She then tells the story of how I once asked her what a weasel looks like (when I was 3), to which she responded, "kind of like a long, skinny mouse, but with a long snout", to which I replied, "then how does it pop?" (pop goes the weasel, you guys). She loves that story, and tells it to both re-live the happy moment and illustrate a trait of mine that she is proud of (thoughtful skepticism). Then she'll say "see? you were attracted to this guy's painting because you both really liked weasels!" And she's kidding, but she loves that kind of...coincidence. This is a weak example, hers are often less lame (though she does love that story, haha). To her, coincidence is more like fate, and that makes her feel like everything is right, and she likes when all the ducks are in a row. So she really enjoys coincidence and is much more likely than I am to notice it.

In a story like yours, where you might repeat the same mistakes or scenarios in the "underworld" that you've created, someone who notices coincidences / fate that tie previous events to the present might come in uniquely handy. Done poorly, it can look like terrible pseudo-logical bullshit. But if done right, it's downright charming and can be useful / comforting.I think Daenerys Targaryan from Game of Thrones is one of the best-written INFJs that I've ever seen. The key to getting it right is the dichotomy between tender empathy for the innocent and vulnerable, to the point of tears for them, and righteous, vicious retribution for those she sees as evil with no remorse. Her initial unwillingness to compromise her morals leads to some problems in her rule, but she is nothing if not internally consistent. She is both merciful and merciless, depending on how she views the subject of her judgement. And she has little interest in the tedious development of nuanced policy, though she sees the value in it for the sake of harmony.

The biggest "do" for an INFJ character, I think, is the constant pull between loving and hating humanity. We love the individual and hate the mob. And a healthy, confident INFJ has enough charisma and conviction to gain loyal followers, and then some, which only feeds the desire to change the world, bolstered by the goodness of the individuals behind her.

As far as "don't," I would say don't make your INFJ sentimental, or someone who lives in the past. Don't make them dwell on past choices or relationships - once they move on, they move on. They may reminisce or have fond feelings for people in their past, but they don't want to go backwards. Only forwards.I identify with this a lot.

That said, there are a few things I *don't* identify with. Hard to say. Maybe INFP. But I don't think the comments about being genuine are solely INFP - INFJ doesn't like when people are having surface-level conversations, they're very boring.

INFJ and INFP are very similar on first glance, but actually very different internally. For example, in question 5. You didn't really talk about your approach to validating the idea, just that people have a right to their opinions. But I would have also said both, but I was thinking more in terms of verifiable ideas, like an asserted fact (not opinion). I prefer to use the underlying principles to see if it makes sense, but evidence can also be compelling, so I use both on occasion. But I do always find myself coming back to the fundamentals - if they don't make sense, I just can't accept it, it seems fundamentally flawed and therefore it is impossible to make future predictions, which is the point of understanding something (from my perspective). But I don't assume that the evidence is incorrect, I assume that the model is incomplete, and therefore use both. Anyway, ramble over, I understand your assertion that all ideas are understandable (based on circumstance), though I disagree that they are all justifiable (based on objective fact). However, I will allow for differing goals that change the calculus of relevant facts.

Edited to elaborate.Religion is inherently unverifiable and therefore can't be evaluated as truth or not. So I don't have a judgement on it. I don't believe in it, but I don't begrudge people their own religion, as long as they don't try to force it on others and don't violate basic ethics and human rights. And your ideas about religion are just adaptive to your own framework of possibility, not taking the religion at it's word. If they say Jesus helps them or whatever, then ok I guess. If they say humans existed the same time as dinosaurs, then no. If they say the earth is 6000 years old, then no. If they assert that there is some intangible property about humans called a soul, then...Ok, fine. Not verifiable, so I have no opinion that extends to other people. Just don't force it on anyone else. This creates harmony - Fe.Right, what I'm saying is, if there are no consequences, you can do the same dangerous thing over and over, even if you end up dying. This could lead to repetitive situations. You're the writer, and obviously you decide if that's not how the story goes, but I was just pointing out the possibility.Right, but the characters have a unique opportunity to learn from fatal errors instead of what normally happens - dying.No, but there is normally a subset of errors that you cannot learn from because you are dead. So if you fight someone, for instance, and they win and kill you, you can't use any of the things you learned about fighting them during the fight, because you're dead.

But if you're not *really* dead, you can face that person again and perform better, having learned things from the last time you fought them.

What I'm saying is, there are certain high-stakes situations where the absence of the possibility of death allows you to repeat certain scenarios that you otherwise normally would not get the chance to repeat.Many people have been away on vacation / visiting family for the holidays over the last month, so that probably has something to do with it.&gt;I would rather someone be brutally honest with me than to lie to me just so that my feelings don't get hurt.

These are not the only two options. You can be honest without being brutal, and I can be gentle without sugarcoating the truth.I think that is an interaction of functions, not just Fi vs Fe. I'm a Fe user and I prefer a few close friendships, and I like sitting down quietly to watch a movie. And I think that is very common, at least for INFJ Fe. Maybe that's the exception, but either way, not a valid generality.It depends on what types of values and how many you consider "sacred." I am this way a little - we can't really be friends if you think it's ok to be mean to homeless people, for example. But the bigger value there is kindness to strangers, which manifests in many different circumstances. I also value internal consistency - willful ignorance and cognitive dissonance, or the absence of self-reflection, means we can't really be close friends, because I don't respect you on a basic level.

I think everyone has these things, otherwise we could have a deep friendship with anyone, right? I agree that only having friends that are copies of you is scary, though.I also dislike when people lie to me, yes. Lying to "protect my feelings" is so condescending and paternal, fuck that. But I also dislike when people are unnecessarily harsh and hurt my feelings (this is usually due to unnecessary commentary or a flat insult), and then assert that I "can't handle the truth." For me, knowing the truth is rarely an issue - I am generally aware of things that would be "uncomfortable truths" (the only ones that cause conflict). So for me, maybe I prefer if people lied, because I don't need the harsh and I probably know anyway. I'll judge them, though, because (again) I usually know anyway and will resent it.

I guess what I'm saying is that I view both as character flaws.

Edit for phrasing.If you take me to a party you would assume I'm an extrovert, yes. But these are superficial interactions for me (even though I am friendly and thoughtful and genuinely interested) and I get tired eventually.

That said, if you gave me the choice between going out with a group of people I didn't know vs a single person I didn't know, I'd choose the group. More likely to find someone to connect with if there are more people, and if not I can just tag along and be around people. I like cities for this reason, actually. I like being around people, but not necessarily interacting all the time.I wouldn't say I'm "too deep", I just don't really enjoy "partying". Other people do, doesn't make better or worse. I prefer parties where I can talk to people. But I'm not really letting them in, that's what I mean by superficial. So it's not super meaningful to me.The central idea behind religion is that people need someone else to tell them how to move their lives. Some do, that's why they can have whatever religion they want, as long as they keep it to themselves.ps - you're totally INFPBut you didn't use any functions analysis?

No, I disagree and counter INFP. I see a lot of Fi in here. Also, classic INFP projection of who they want to be vs who they are and trying things on:

&gt;I seem to relate so much to every single type! ISFJs, ENFPs, any of them I can relate to so much!

This moral relativism and comparison to an internal values system is very Fi:

&gt;I like trying to identify right and wrong, (though I don't believe in objective moral just saying)

And here they have trouble showing emotions.

&gt;I still wander why I come off as cold and uncaring when that's not the case I guess it because I have a hard time displaying emotion

"Displaying emotion" is the key there. Not understanding their emotions, but showing them / explaining them to other people. Very Fi.Fe where?A secondary Ne could also come off as very intuitive. And Ne is also very indecisive.

As far as feeling abnormally different, I don't think this points to anything aside from someone being probably a teenager.

&gt;Even though he has made an evaluation he discourages action on it, which seems indicative of Fe.

Unless this is just a core value in opposition to what comes easy to him. He is saying don't *act* on judgement, but first he's saying that he hates that he judges period. That's a completely internal process. I still say Fi. 

&gt;I can understand almost anyone. Like I can get why someone is acting why they are or why they are the way they are. I can relate to it, even though I have no experience with it.

I agree that this is not really Fi, but it's in opposition to the rest, I think. And is this true, or is this just the way he likes to see himself? Does he have confirmation of this?

I don't identify a whole lot with this person, even though you do. I would say this person is probably NF more than NT, just because they lead with feelings a lot, but that could be informed by any number of things, including state of mind while writing this. So ENTP maybe. I just don't see INFJ, and because I see more Fi, I'm inclined to say INFP still. But maybe ENTP.I need to let things settle, too, usually :) I might change my mind later, then where will we be? lolI wasn't implying that you were lying. There are just a lot of people in the world who decide that they know people better than they know themselves. INFJ actually does that if they're immature. I wasn't passing judgment, just wondering if it was a valid piece of information for drawing any conclusions. Thanks for the feedback :)I think part of the problem may be that it's hard to tell if someone values caring for other people because it's the "right" thing to do (Fi), or because it makes them feel better and less stressed (Fe). And I think that's where a lot of the INFP/J confusion is localized - where someone is an INFP with the internal value that you should make other people feel good. I think that's fairly common, and leads to that resentful / overdone sort of kindness that I associate with some INFPs. Like, they'll help, but they don't really like doing it because it doesn't do anything for them, besides reconcile their actions with their Fi. But, the Fi user might like to think that they're doing it selflessly to fit some sort of personal ideal - they *should want* to be nice, even though they don't (no judgement, sometimes I wish I didn't want to be nice, lol). And, I think for some Fi users, they can also be very sensitive to conflict, because they are not good at expressing themselves, and they just kind of get pent up emotions they don't know what to do with. Do they don't like arguing for internal reasons, but confuse this with Fe. 

Meanwhile, Fe may act the same way (sans resentment, though), because they are just fundamentally uncomfortable when there is needless discord, because they feel stressed out when people can't see what each other are talking about. It's not "why can't we all just sing kumbaya," for the sake of it, it's more like "why can't we all step back and reflect a little bit and stop getting so defensive." It's less, "let's not argue because I don't like arguing" and more "let's not belittle each other and instead try to reach a useful conclusion and mutual respect." The latter creates genuine harmony, not surface-level, short-term harmony. The festering underneath drives Fe insane, still, even if everyone is "playing nice."

It takes some real introspection to figure out which is your real motivation.So, I think the reason he* (sorry!) asked this, is because in general INFP is more concerned with being accepted and INFJ is more concerned with being understood.

For instance, INFP has an internal logic system, and they can get really defensive and upset if someone calls that system into question - basically invalidating their whole approach to life (in their eyes). In contrast, INFJ is likely to get defensive and upset when you imply that their core values are not what they are.

INFP: "How could you think that I haven't thought this through? That my logic is faulty?" (as an aside, I see a lot of probably INFPs saying they're not INFPs because they are "so much more logical" than the stereotype descriptions - there's just a pervasive need to be seen as making sense)

INFJ: "How could you think I would be so careless?" (They don't necessarily care if you think their core value, in this case conscientiousness / due diligence, is "right," or that their conclusions are correct. Just that you understand their guiding principles / things that are important to them, and therefore them as a person.)

INFP wants acceptance / validation of their conclusions, INFJ wants understanding of their foundations.http://i.imgur.com/yyI5vf6.jpg

Hi! INFJ 1w2 :)

Edit: [Me on Halloween?] (http://imgur.com/a/VlB8F)Thanks :)But then we're stuck with Pence :(I like outer space!:(Are you arguing that you aren't emotional in general, or just that you don't show emotion? Because that quote literally says that you emotions are very intense.

Growing up with an INFP sister, she likes to think very much that she is cold and practical and that she has her shit together. But she very much does not. She deals with emotions poorly, and has learned to not let them out a lot. However, I can always tell when something she is saying gives her intense emotions because it's like a caricature of reserved. She stops making any sort of sense, refuses to discuss things, and then just leaves the situation. I am a reasonable person and I do not pick fights, but she is just wholly incapable of dealing with her emotions or expressing them.

She hides behind this cold and disaffected demeanor when she feels negative emotions. Positive emotions come out as over-done, I think because she's trying to make someone else feel good, or because she wants to be seen as "cute" or whatever. I'm not saying she's a huge faker, she feels emotions. She just does not express them with any sort of genuineness except on very rare occasions.

So no, Fi does not mean unemotional, even by Jung's quote here that you keep using.whoops, wrong person, sorry, haha :)That would honestly be a really hard choice. It would eat at me if I settled professionally, but I don't think I could honestly choose to leave someone I loved and was committed to, just for my career. 

Then again, the right person would compromise with me and I wouldn't be in this situation to begin with. If I'm in a relationship with someone who makes me choose, then I guess the choice is made for me and I choose ambition over (not really very good) love.The group of people is water in a glass. A new person enters the group. Does the new person blend / dissolve like a piece of sugar or salt? Or does the new person remain apart from the existing group like a pebble?

Initial phrasing was confusing because if a group of people is a glass of water, then a single person should also be water. Also, saying "the person" instead of "this person" or "a new person" doesn't really convey that they're being introduced to the group (glass of water).I don't have to *like* the characters, I just have to care about what happens to them. If they're boring or 1-dimensional or predictable, then I don't care what happens to them and I don't like the show.

I hated pretty much every person on Breaking Bad except for the son, but that show was the shit. Also, a show called Justified is decidedly outside of my usual genres, but I watched it because the main villain is very engaging and charismatic, terrible as he is. Other characters I didn't really care about - generally the female characters lacked agency and I found that tiresome.&gt; All you have to do is open your mouth, turn your thoughts into words

This takes energy, we don't always feel good at it, and quiet is much easier. We do not get anxious in quiet, we can be thoroughly entertained with just our thoughts. To be comfortable with you all day, I have to feel like I'm not pressured to entertain you.(1) Mm, ESTP (Se)

(2) INTP (anonymous sneakiness with good improvisation)

(3) ENTJ (mostly for survival)

(4) ESTJ (Te dom, with tertiary Ne to change up on the fly)

(5) ENTP (just all the Ne and the confidence / charm to pull it off :P)

(6) That's really shitty :(  ...INTJ? (you seem like you'd mind it the least?)

(7) ESTP (realism with Fe charm)

(8) INFJ with really developed Ti (can make both a logical and an emotional case)

(9) ENTJ (knows the system well, tertiary Se to notice anomalies)


These are mostly thinkers because they're paired with *me*, not because I think thinkers are always going to be better at everything. Exception is (8), because I'm not involved in that.Sometimes I stop at green lights even though I'm looking at the green light because somehow it doesn't click that green means go in the moment. Like, my Se is just like "stoplight! I see it! way to go me!" and leaves it at that. I will literally have an epiphany that it's green and I should go.

I often have bruises and I have no idea how I got them.

I constantly break my nails because I misjudge the distance to something I'm trying to grab and my fingers kind of crash into the thing.

I stub my toes often.

Have totally gotten in the shower while clothed to varying degrees.

I spill drinks on myself for no reason. I'll be home by myself, honestly not too distracted, and just over-tip the glass and spill water on myself. Sometimes I use two hands while drinking from a cup for more mindfulness....

While walking with a beverage I will forget I am holding a beverage and just tip it over.

However, when I need to, I am very good at slipping through a crowd and keeping things from breaking. If it has my full attention, my Se shapes up. This is especially true if I'm using it to save / help someone else in an urgent situation.Do you need a hug?Didn't "party" if you mean loud music / drugs / drinking. That always sounded stupid to me. I did go to parties, though. I lived in a small town surrounded by farms and stuff, so we'd have bonfires out at someone's country house. There'd be pickup trucks, music, movies, weed, staying up till sunrise. During the summers mostly.

During the school year I was really busy in general. I had dance classes 8 hours a week, I worked 20-30 hours a week at a grocery store, I had straight As, I babysat, and I would do school musicals. Because of my parents, I also had church obligations on Sunday mornings and youth group one night a week (lame). 

I also went out with friends to the movies occasionally or went to the mall when I could drive (at 16). Before that it was mostly walking and rollerblading (I'm old :P) around town when I wanted to hang out.

So...partying? Not really. But that doesn't mean I didn't have a social life. Just didn't see the point in drinking / doing drugs. Never judged anyone for it, had friends that did it, but it never appealed to me.I had a purely abusive "relationship" with someone when I was 14 (he was 15), so that's a murky question for me.

My first healthy, consensual relationship was when I was just 18, the summer before college. Lasted until March the next year when I dumped him. He was nice, though.How old are you? Your friends seem super immature, and also what you look like in a certain style of clothing has nothing to do with your type.

Tell them to stop making you feel uncomfortable, and if they don't, leave.My friend, INFP, is vegetarian because she could not do the killing of an animal herself, and feels inauthentic letting someone else do it for her. She is against animal cruelty in general, and doesn't think animals are killed ethically, or that it's even possible. However, she would be willing to do so in a survival situation, or if it was nutritionally necessary for her. She knows that she has the luxury of not having to eat meat, and so she chooses not to. She doesn't judge others for their choice to eat meat, but she does take issue with factory farm practices and wishes people were more aware and engaged in what they're eating. I totally respect her point of view.

I (INFJ) eat meat. I grew up around hunters and saw many a deer strung up in a garage to be cleaned and butchered for winter meat. I don't personally have issues with killing animals for food, but I think killing for sport is wrong. I agree with my INFP friend about animal quality of life and means of death, so I try to put my money into foods that embody those qualities when I can. Free run chicken and eggs, grass-fed beef from small local farms, etc. This does clash with environmental concerns with fish, though - I buy farmed fish because of overfishing, though that also has mercury problems...you kind of can't win with fish. That said, I don't eat a lot of meat in general for environmental reasons as well. I eat maybe 1-1.5 pounds of meat a week, total, sometimes less.Hmm, that's a weird question.

INFJ, and I guess my own voice, if I force myself to have a voice (which is just me imagining me saying the thing I'm thinking, but that doesn't encompass my whole thought?). But I don't have a running dialogue so much as a series of images and feelings associated with them. Like a little movie. Even when I'm reading something, it's like I process the words as if there was a voice but there is no voice. It's like the photographic negative of a voice - a unique impression for each word? Wow, I sound crazy, lol. Imagine you're watching a movie on very low volume but you know what they're saying even though it's very muffled.

The only time I have a running dialogue is if I'm reading a book and someone is talking. Then I hear the character's voice, or the narrator's voice.I mean, I think this *can* happen, but as an intuitive feeler I find that my gut feelings are generally based on information I picked up subconsciously before. That doesn't mean it's always coming to the right conclusions, but there's usually something to it. Feeling never works completely on its own.Why wouldn't feelers have the same option?Emotion is a valid piece of information. If you say something callously or rudely, you can be right all you want, but I'm not going to want to hang out with you. So yeah, I don't care if you're right. Lots of people are right. Congratulations. Don't be a dick.

Edit:

&gt;no one thinks about utilitarian ethics before one goes to shopping or the movies.

I think about this every time someone leaves a cart in the parking lot outside of the cart corral, and every time someone waits until they get to the concession counter to decide what they want.&gt;I think most people start to write because they want to process negative memories or their past in general.

That's a very Si thing to say, so I don't think that's going to apply to most people. Unless you think most people who keep diaries use Si, which...maybe?

I have in the past written diary entries, mostly in an attempt to process what I was feeling at the moment, to sort my thoughts. But then I got better at doing that and keeping a diary never really held my interest.

If I had to guess, I'd say Fi is more concerned with keeping a diary. Fi-Si even moreso.ENTP

Hypothesizing what comes next and analyzing how things could go, playing conversations in your head, is very Ne-Ti.

Thinking about the past and how things could have gone differently implies Si somewhere. For people saying INFJ, this is not what INFJ does at all. We are consumed with what *might* happen, not what already happened. We are basically constantly preparing for the worst-case scenario and coming up with ways to mitigate bad things happening. This easily snowballs into anxiety. We treat the past as a constantly updating starting point to formulate new plans. If we're depressed or otherwise unhealthy, that's about the only time we'd focus on the past.

You don't really mention how you deal with feeling and other people as much, so I can't really say, but being overwhelmed by other people's emotions seems like Fe. But on the whole, my impression of you is ENTP. And if you test as INTP on a E/I test instead of a functions test, then it's completely possible you're ENTP - they're some of the most introverted extroverts. You are constantly changing your mind about what you want to do with your life, you have many and varied interests, and an insatiable curiosity. ENTP written all over you.

Edit: I know everyone is saying Ni (even though none of them use Ni?), but honestly Ni is a lot more about narrowing down the possibilities to get to a conclusion. Yes, I get lost in my head and daydream a lot, but it's not directed - it's a distraction that feels very passive, not a means to an end. The way you talk about it is as if you are running simulations based on problems you want to solve - you are directing the scenario. Both Ne and Ni see possibilities. Ne sees a situation and generates a lot of options and possibilities and expands out - divergence (and your Ti picks it apart to get useful information). Ni sees a situation and narrows down the options and possibilities to reach a conclusion - convergence (in my case, I'm using Fe to generally come to a solution that is the best for everyone). So what I see in your is divergence, not convergence, and that's why I say it's Ne. While I can relate to being in your head, it is not an exclusively Ni trait.AwwwwHot pepper jelly. Sweet and spicy at the same time.&gt;Emotion is either valid or invalid. All the we can agree on is that it's there. If they are invalid, what are the routes to go about it in your opinion ?

All emotions are valid. They may be based on faulty assumptions, but they are there to tell you that you need to examine something further. If it turns out that your emotions are based on bad assumptions, then you look for more information and/or reflect on why you made that assumption to begin with. It likely points to some sort of misunderstanding or insecurity.

&gt;Thinkers can change / challenge their thinking via self-reflection. Can the same be said of emotions and fleeting feelings ?

Um, yes? That's condescending. I'm aware of when I have feelings and how they affect my behavior. If anything, thinkers are the ones that are unaware of what they're feeling and have trouble processing it.

Feelings are not inferior to thinking. To fully understand humans, you need both. And if you want to affect any sort of change and build trust and rapport with others, you need to fully understand humans.

Edit: typosNo. I can both mark your condescension and offer a valid opinion based in logic.

See how that works?Thing is, ignoring emotion is not the same as emotion not affecting you. The thinkers in my life are much more emotionally unstable than the feelers. Most of the time they are more detached than I am, but they also have emotional outbursts under stress way more than I do. 

Just because I feel things deeply and give that value doesn't mean I let it rule my life. I can be upset about something affecting me or others personally while admitting that it's objectively reasonable. Likewise, I can admit that something I want may adversely affect others, even if I feel emotional about it, and it may not be a good solution.

Ignoring logic makes you biased. Ignoring emotions makes you volatile. Since everyone prefers one over the other, you're going to favor one of those shortcomings under prolonged stress.

So that tendency to not know how to deal well with emotions makes someone less likely to recognize when they are making emotional decisions, or unable to stop it (even if they know it's happening). And the tendency to be unpracticed at logic/thinking makes someone less likely to recognize flaws in their arguments - but that doesn't mean those flaws are emotionally motivated.Ok, I'll counter with this question: how can an emotion be wrong?

Facts are right or wrong. Emotions are neither.

Again, you are confusing acknowledging an emotion with being ruled by that emotion. If I have a negative reaction to something innocuous, I should probably look into that. That is valuable information. That doesn't mean that I just automatically call that innocuous thing bad.

This thread is full of thinkers who just seem to think feelers have zero objectivity and it's just not the case. Emotions are never the root cause of a problem. Emotions are caused by other things. It might be as basic as a learned response to stimuli, but emotion is never the actual cause.

&gt;But looking for trouble whenever you feel like their should be trouble is a dick move.

What are you even talking about? You're making assumptions but I can't even tell what they are. What scenario are you imagining here? Emotions being valid does not mean they are actionable, those are two different things.Yeah, exactly, that's what I was getting at.

I went to couple's therapy with my ex (ISTP), and this was something the counselor brought up. He didn't base it on types, but it applies. My ex was just really bad at dealing with emotions and ignored them most of the time. But our relationship was to the point where I needed him to understand me, and his T alone wasn't cutting it (in MBTI parlance). Discussing sensitive, emotionally-charged things is very uncomfortable for him. And even though that's what we were there to do, he would still choose to shut down (I think because he didn't want to have an outburst in front of the therapist).

The therapist said (paraphrasing of course), "She lives in this all the time, she's good at handling it. She's so upset right now that she's shaking from adrenaline and anxiety, but she's expressing calm and fair thoughts to you. You are not practiced at this, but you need to step out and try or you're not going to get anywhere."

Long story short, he's my ex because we didn't get anywhere. While he never had an outburst at therapy, he never actually said anything "real" either. And at home, he'd lash out a lot. Yell at me, be rough with the dog, throw things...no bueno. He was not and is not a bad person, he was losing his wife and I get that. But he wasn't doing himself any favors and it was an unhealthy relationship. He loved me very much, and I loved him. Just bad for each other in the end.

Of course, not all thinkers! Most thinkers I'd say are balanced like I (like to think I) am, they just prefer to deal in thinking rather than feeling. But when it goes bad with a thinker in the feeling department, it's real bad.That is...not close to true.

Plenty of thinkers adopt a quid pro quo basis for interpersonal relationships, I would argue moreso than feelers. It's practical and easy to know what the "right" thing to do is in a situation.

Now, if I constantly make decisions based on your preferences to make you happy, and you do not return the favor either out of ignorance or apathy, that's an unhealthy relationship regardless of the type.

Do you just really dislike feelers? Because all you're doing is throwing unfounded stereotypes that aren't based on cognitive function at all.&gt;I emotionally feel like commercial aircraft like 747s and the like are not capable of doing loop de loops, or display and real amount of manuverability, but I factually know that they are.

No, you intuitively would guess that's the case. That's not feeling and has nothing to do with emotions. You correct your intuitive understanding of the physics of flight by learning more about it. Then your intuition would change and reflect the reality.

&gt;when a child is afraid of the dark, the emotions they feel are the problem.

No. A child is afraid of the dark because they are generating a bunch of possibilities about what could be in the dark. They can't know what's in the dark, and this produces anxiety and fear. A child is probably incapable of addressing this because they are a child, but that doesn't mean they are afraid for no reason. An adult grows out of this because they learn about probability and what's likely to be in the dark, as well as object permanence. Emotion is not "the problem." The problem is the inability to readjust their perception of what is in the dark to reflect reality. The emotion points to that problem.

It's not an invalid emotion to be afraid of the dark, because emotions are valid period, because they are always caused by something quite real, be it a perception or conditioned response or something else.

Edit: typo and clarificationI gave an example in which a quasi-quid-pro-quo standard would be valid. I wasn't talking about feelers in general.

Since you're gonna talk about Fe, I'm not doing it to manipulate anyone. I do nice things because I like doing nice things for people. Not because I think I *should* or because it's some internal principle (Fi) - because it feels good to do something nice for someone else. No human action is completely altruistic.

Yes, the phrasing "doing things to make you happy" is a simplified version of interpersonal dynamics. But if I'm taking care to make food that you like instead of making only food that I like, or if I fold your laundry when I do the laundry instead of just doing my own, or if I otherwise act in a way that shows you I care about you based on your love language, and you do not reciprocate, I'm allowed to say that's unfair and I don't want to be a part of that relationship. Edit: and I would be completely reasonable for doing so if things didn't change after addressing it.

There are two types of happiness. One is overall satisfaction with life, and the other is the fleeting smiling feeling you get when someone surprises you with something you like or says something funny or whatever makes you "happy." I was talking about the second, because talking about the first one in this context is silly.I'm so glad! I hope things are getting better for you and your mom and continue to do so :)People's experiences, as they perceive them, are the cause of their emotions. Whether they are based in reality or not is irrelevant to the fact that they feel that emotion.

Again, if the cause of the emotion is factual misunderstanding or a misinterpretation, then *that* is what needs to be addressed. The emotion is not the problem.The fuck?So you just fundamentally don't understand how feelings work, or...?The problem is the root, not the symptom. Emotions are chemical reactions to specific triggers of various levels of complication. They are not, in and of themselves, a problem. They are, in fact, your brain's way of telling you that something is wrong (or right), in the sense that something needs to be addressed. If you ignore emotions and do not process them and give them no weight, then all you're doing is delaying the inevitable outburst down the road.

Emotions are useful. If they make you uncomfortable, you should work on that. But having emotions and paying attention to them is not a problem ever. Letting them go unexamined and using them as a basis for decision-making without introspection - that is a problem.

Do you see the difference? I honestly don't know how else to explain it. Emotions are a symptom of your brain making an unconscious connection, which can be very useful if correctly maintained and evaluated. Feeling sad, scared, happy, anxious, excited - none of those things is inherently good or bad, right or wrong. It depends entirely on the underlying assumptions you are making about the situation.

So I'm not arguing about what a problem is. I am delineating between the proximal cause and the root cause. The root cause is the actual problem, the proximal cause is just a clue to the actual problem.Negative emotions are not inherently bad. They are useful and can be productive to work through. Negative and positive emotions can equally have poor outcomes.

Finding an emotion useless for your larger goal is possible. But the emotion itself is never useless - it is information. it might not be relevant to what you're doing right now, but it is relevant nonetheless.What are you talking about?My best friend is an INFP, boyfriend is ENTP. Close second BFF is an ENFJ.When I'm staring off into space, or staring "through" something and oblivious to the outside world so much that I have to be physically jolted from my train of thought.My boyfriend (ENTP) will start looking for his phone while he is video calling with me on the phone.Can relate, but not this bad. Kudos :PI think my face during this is mostly pleasant, so it doesn't weird people out, I mostly get chuckled at. I have resting nice face.

"Earth to Bubbles" was a common refrain in my childhood.Chai with milk, followed by white tea with honey, followed by green tea with lemon and honey.

Like, once a year I want an iced coffee. And by coffee I mean mostly cream and sugar with some chocolate and vague coffee flavor.

I love the smell of coffee, but drinking it makes me jittery and nauseated.

Edit: given everyone's response to caffeine and how it's awesome, I feel the need to say that I don't like feeling artificially "energized." I only feel short-circuited, really. I've only relied on caffeine once during my PhD for weeklong, overnight data collections with sensitive equipment, just for staying awake, and I puked a few times :/lmao...I think ISTJ. Lots of Si here re: nostalgia and reliving past experiences. I think more a thinker than a feeler, but the feeling is definitely Fi. And a little bit of Ne at the end broadening things just a bit.Me, too, friend. I often find myself bored when the other person is too predictable. I don't interrupt, so much as energetically interject when they've finished a thought to try to move the conversation along to the next thing. I don't mind a deep dive, it's just that some people are really easy to read.

I get that you don't want to interrupt, but it's annoying not to. I have to remember sometimes not to jump in when I'm stressed or in a hurry. But that gets better as you get older and you eventually won't have to think about it anymore. Doesn't make people less boring, though.

Edit: I will say that when I used to do it, it wasn't necessarily only because I was bored. I was also trying to show the other person that I was on their same wavelength. I'd finish the sentence both for expediency and to be on the same page - I like when people do this with me. But you get older and realize that not everyone wants to feel understood so much as say what they want to say. So I only do that with close friends now. Other people, I try to accomplish the same goal by rephrasing what they said in another way to show that I get it. Usually a metaphor or something.OP said he doesn't try to interrupt, it's just that he has to try not to, and was wondering if anyone else felt the same / if it gets easier.

He's literally trying to *not* be an asshole. And I don't think your passive aggressive example was constructive.Mm...but sometimes you do, though. It's still rude, but not everyone does it because they just want to hear themselves talk. They're impatient to move the conversation forward because they're bored.As far as the theory goes, your type doesn't change as you get older. You simply get more adept at using your inferior functions to become a more well-rounded person.1) Alcohol, I guess. By process of elimination, though. It's the only "substance" I use.

2) No. I drink maybe 1-2 times per month.

3) INFJ

4) I don't really get addicted to things. I'll be really into something for a while, and then usually my interest wanes and I move on. Some interests stay, but they are pretty low-key.omg crossbowMake it a wide, sort of hefty bayonet, I say. But also make it camouflaged and rough except for the blade edge - you don't want to tip off your location with a sun glint.\#notallintrovertsYou need a hug. Don't worry, you're quirky and non-threatening and a lot of people like that.Same. My guess is that was a male-centric impression in the OP.:(Solid plan. I like your resourcefulness.No need to get feisty. I haven't come across INFJ females that get friendzoned, quite the opposite. Generally avoiding seeming too friendly to avoid unwanted attention, and rebuffing friends who catch feelings.

I don't have scientific consensus, but INFJ males seem much more likely to be "friendzoned" in my experience. I wasn't implying you *meant* it to be male-centric. I implied that it was my impression of your original post.The point of meditation is to clear your mind, which isn't going to be facilitated by intuition I don't think - it leads you on a never-ending journey.

I imagine my lungs filling with air, I imaging the path of the air as it goes into and out of them. I feel the air flowing through me. The key is not to avoid thoughts - the key is to let them come and then let them go and go back to the simple state of being.

I don't think it has to do with sensor vs intuitive.&gt;if it's a coherent enough dream that it has actual characters in it

I have heard of this sort of dream, but I don't think I've ever experienced it. My dreams are always completely fleshed out, with vibrant people and objects and whatever else. It's almost always a journey, and they can be very emotional for me. I often dream of people with whom I am estranged, or people that have died. Other times I dream of people in my life that I feel some sort of conflict with. My dreams are long and epic and full of color and light.

I don't know how to interpret them besides Ni? And probably some Fe, since there are always other people involved in a meaningful way. Once in a while I realize it's a dream using Ti - checking for internal consistency.I think the best way is whatever lets you clear your thoughts :)

I end up feeling like I'm floating and warm and fuzzy and nothing matters except the right now. For an intuitive, that's hard to accomplish, but I think the way in which it is accomplished is the same regardless of type.As I got older, Fe turned into my realism function. Ti got satisfied with social structures and norms by analyzing them in terms of usefulness. Just because a system isn't optimized for a given individual doesn't mean it isn't optimized for the group as a whole. And also, I learned about brain chemistry and the brain's reward systems, and that helped me build a working model for seemingly irrational motivations. These dovetail with social norms that I think are silly, but when you put them together, I understand the value in the system as a whole.

I think this is the key thought. External systems (Te and Fe) are never going to be perfect, because the rules must be sufficiently simple so everyone can grasp them. They're not meant to correct all the time. And, in my own way, I challenge them. I have strong opinions on social interactions and do my best to emulate them. But I am also good at putting myself in other people's shoes, and what is best for me is not necessarily what is best for someone else. So I can see how to optimize the whole system, even if that's at the expense of a few individuals.

None of this is to say I accept the system for what it is. There are many improvements to be made. But I don't begrudge people their adherence to the current system, either. It's the responsibility of people who see a problem to make a difference.The example that first comes to mind is HR policy towards "teambuilding". I usually find it stupid, condescending, and not very useful to me personally. However, I understand the value for people in general to create contexts for more instinctual bonds. Numerous studies show the positive effects en masse, for example. I don't think I get that much out of it because I see it as manipulation. I generally hate doing teambuilding activities, and I might enjoy different activities personally, but the activities I enjoy are likely not going to have the same positive effects on the group.

But, the point isn't for me, someone who's very in tune with others to begin with, and very approachable, to improve inter-office relationships. It's for people who are not like me, of whom there are many. They have other strengths that I don't have, too. So I participate with as much enthusiasm as I can muster because my participation benefits the group, and eventually makes my job easier, in theory.

See what I'm saying? I think they're silly because of my perspective on what is useful. But the value is in the impact on people who are *not* like me in those circumstances.You really need to bore down to the root cause of the flaw that you see. And you need to extrapolate any changes you make to how they would impact the people in the system. A lot of times during this exercise, I've found that a lot of existing systems are kind of the lesser of evils. 

Our system of government, for example, has a lot of problems. But the rules exist because someone thought it was in the best interests of the country at the time, not with malicious intent. So first you have to determine what the law (in this example) was trying to accomplish. Do you have information that states it's not actually beneficial? Why? If the goal itself is worthy, what is wrong with the execution? Etc, etc.

I find that most of my criticisms boil down to the fact that humans are really bad at addressing the root cause of a problem. Most of our laws are bandaids, too reverent to the existing system. Fear of change leads us to hold onto things that aren't beneficial to us. But the most effective way to convince someone is to start from the bottom and work your way up to a logical solution. If you start nitpicking at problems with the current system, it seems like a Herculean task to fix it.Everybody's in the minority on something, and everyone feels misunderstood at times. Life lesson: it's not always about you.

Look, I know exactly what you mean. The cure is to stop being self-conscious and stop thinking of yourself as a victim and just join in. Take the experience for what it is and enjoy trying something new for the sake of it. Your Ne should be all over that.I don't mean to sound harsh, but there's no real point in thinking you're superior to or more enlightened than others. Nobody's all that special.

If your goal is to fix the system, then you have to have a few things in your pocket. You need to have a fleshed out opinion on what the system is trying to accomplish, why you think it doesn't, and what you would change to make it better. And you also need to know how those changes affect people with stakes in the current system. Once you have all those things, you have to be willing to discuss them. Your ideas don't do anyone any good if they stay in your head, and you're not going to convince people by demonstrating that you don't care how they feel and that you're not open to discussion. You don't have all the answers, no matter how smart you think you are. If you ideas are really so great and bulletproof, they should stand up to criticism and discussion.

If, however, your goal is to feel like everyone else sucks, then continue to do what you're doing. But I don't really see any evidence that you're acknowledging that other people could be right. There are multiple ways to solve a problem, why is yours the best? Have you really done the mental work, or are you just satisfied in your "rightness"?

I don't really have a lot of respect for people who react emotionally to their opinions being challenged, because they're either hiding insecurity about the validity of their opinion or they're clinging to something that makes them feel good but doesn't make sense, and they don't want you to poke holes in it. Neither is useful.ExTP...that confidence, thoShh...ENTPs are actually cushy teddy bears when they feel safe.I was not in a group, I kind of hung out with anyone who was nice / interesting. In retrospect, I was popular, but never felt like it. There were a group of kids that were kind of always in the spotlight, and I could talk to them, but never ended up in their social group. I was always kind of "cool"-adjacent. I was in drama club, band, choir. I got straight A's, people always asked for homework help from me. I had people I could count on to be friendly to me, people that I could hang with at an assembly, and they probably cared more than I gave them credit for.

I befriended people who were lonely, people who's lockers were nearby or rode my bus, people who got picked on, people who were in the same classes as me for studying, people I worked with. But honestly, most of these people got surface-level me. I always felt rejected, the odd one out, even as I got invited to things. I was the person who was nominated for "nicest personality" or "best eyes", but never ever won. I know, plenty of kids wouldn't get nominated, I'm not crying about it - just that "adjacent" feeling.

The fact that my parents were really conservative and didn't allow me to date probably contributed to this feeling of isolation. I wasn't allowed to go to any dances or go out with boys by myself. Also, a shitty "ex" of mine aggressively disseminated this information (and he was like, 80s movie popular, football quarterback guy), so guys just didn't even bother. 

That said, in retrospect (isn't it always?) I was popular. I got asked to go places with the "cool" kids, I went to some pretty chill parties out in the country, I was in clubs and things that did away trips, and I was usually included by one or more groups. And at reunions and when I've run into people from high school, I am always genuinely surprised by how happy they are to see me. I get told that I was just the nicest person, that I was a good friend, that they expected me to do great things. Sitting at the table with me at my 10-year reunion turned into an exclusive event, and people that I thought didn't care turned out to be interested in my life and how I'd been. Turns out people thought I was cool, even though I didn't. 

I didn't actively pursue being "cool" or whatever, and looking back, I just did my own thing (and felt disappointed that people didn't invest in me more, I guess). I remember one of my fellow dancers (I did ballet and stuff) once took me to get some food during a long night of practice, and she said to me that she really admired me for having my life together. Good grades, took care of my kid sister, had a job, was at ballet practice all week, and I was always nice to everyone. It really meant a lot to me - she was very popular and a good dancer, and she was so beautiful (I was ok, in my own opinion, but I wasn't built to be a ballerina and she really was).

I don't know, this is getting tangent-y. I guess I always felt sort of underappreciated and overlooked, and the moments where someone made me feel important really made a lasting impression on me.I think men like to be naked a lot more than women. Boobs get unruly and our private bits are "open" as opposed to men's, so it's way more gross to think about sitting on a couch naked.

I will walk around in few clothes, but I usually have some way to wrangle my boobs and always underwear / shorts / pajama bottoms. Also usually slippers or socks because my feet get really cold.

I don't mind being naked in bed, but I don't really sleep naked, because my boobs can get stuck to my arms if I'm too warm and I've gotten a few bruises that way :( Naked naps are generally ok, though, especially with a partner after sex...

I'm not ashamed of being naked, it's just physically uncomfortable.I'm pretty cold, pretty much all the time, so I sleep with my arms under the blankets, so I need a tank top or bra at least. Bras aren't comfortable for me to sleep in, though. I need the support of an underwire, so all my bras hurt after a while. I guess could invest in sleeping bras, but that seems like an unnecessary expense when I have t-shirts and stuff. I tend to move in my sleep, but not always all the time. So I might be sleeping on my side, with my boob on my arm, and then I roll over in my sleep, only to be woken up by torsion of sensitive skin ripping away from my arm, stuck from the heat and slight damp. Gruesome. The bottom I don't care about too much in bed, except sometimes my dog wants to go under the covers, so I prefer to have underwear on. He's little and he burrows by himself. I have long since given up on keeping him off the bed. I can't enforce it when I'm asleep, so I lose, lol.

Edit: so many typosProblem focused, mainly. I'm problem-focused until I feel I've prepared enough. Sometimes, I never get that feeling, but other times I catch myself just going over the same things and only stressing myself out more. At that point, I switch to emotions focused.

Afterwards, I may or may not beat myself up about it, depending on how satisfied I am with my own preparation.Hmm...

Ni: Warm Grey

Fe: Cerulean

Ti: Forest Green

Se: Electric Yellow

Ne: White

Fi: Dark Magenta

Te: Champagne

Si: Saffron


I tried to be as specific as possible, these are how I feel when I think of the functions.ESTP most definitely. Love the confidence and they're oh so good at making you feel like the only person in the room.&gt;ENTP: One. But he forgets to check the wattage limit of the fixture he's putting the bulb into and / or forgets to check the bulb type and either, (a) makes the room way too bright / way too dim / trips the breaker or (b) goes back to the store at least three times before getting the right bulb to screw into the fixture, then proceeds to (a).

FTFY

Edit: Also, significant probability that new high wattage gets too hot and catches something on fire.We don't like the light, it burns us.

Seriously, though, I do sit in the dark a lot because I don't like the added stimulation....all my lights are dim. Unless I'm cooking, then it's very bright so I can see what I'm doing. And, bright lights for too long usually gives me a headache.

All that said, I just change the fucking bulb. I have spares under the sink. Because I'm organized.Cheesy tomato :) Penne, with meatballs.Honestly, INFJ. This reeks of the seething hatred we secretly have for mankind. Burn the fucker down and start over.

Not always, just sometimes.Get you a J in your life, then you'll be unstoppable!

Seriously, though, I catch this sort of thing for my ENTP bf all the time. But he's better at coming up with random new solutions. We're a pretty awesome team ;)Likely so! There are no windows in my office, so no blinds to open, but I only turn on half of my lights.Ok, virtual trips to Amazon.I turn the brightness pretty far down on my phone and laptop at night, your thingy sounds handy :)

I also usually have the sound on my tv really low if I'm watching something. I'm always agitated at the level of volume other people seem to need. The exception to this is listening to the radio with the windows rolled down on a nice day while driving :)If my ENTP is any indication, ENTPs are equally described by verschlimmbessern :P

Also, LMAO for mamihlapinatapei....true storyLeft to right:

ISFP, ESFP, ISTP, ESTP

?

I am not very confident, but I feel the best about my ISxP typings.

Edit: Lol, I see I did the same thing as Livv001, and so I do not need feedback :PMother: ISFJ

Father: ENFP

1. Me - INFJ

2. Sister - INFP
INFJ:

Very irritable, extremely subjective, secluded, ignores friends / family, high anxiety, possible depression, tight control of everything in their life is the goal - no surprises (this leads to anxiety)

Basically, Ni-Ti spiral, Se indulgence, Fe avoidance, indulges in Fi to take care of themselves emotionallyOk, let's try INFJ?

Thinks about the transition from the root to a tree and gets inspired to get to the root of their own problems. Wishes the root a good morning and grins a good-natured grin at it. Tries to find the square root of the number of root hairs on the root by considering uniform roots/surface area. Forgets to eat dinner (phew, good for the root :P).They are different. My body physically hurts when someone injures themselves seriously. My legs hurt when someone stands too close to a high drop-off.

It's the same with emotions, I'm just better at turning that off.No, both are empathy. I'm putting myself in the other person's shoes and projecting their feelings in the situation, be they physical or emotional. And I so fully put myself in their shoes that I actually feel what I think they feel (or will feel very soon).I don't know if it's an intuitive thing, but I talk to myself often. Also I talk to my dog a lot. It's mostly to organize my thoughts, I think.Yes, I completely agree with this. I also have an INFP sister and you're describing our differences really well.

It bothers me when someone posts on the INFJ sub "help I'm at the whim of other people's emotions because I'm an INFJ and woe is me." Like, no, that's not how that works.This is also my experience. I think sympathy and empathy are more complicated than Fe vs Fi. Also, I can turn this off - I can choose to *not* NiFe-ize someone's misfortune, and then I avoid this altogether. Because it *can* be really tiring and not everyone is worth that effort, and it's unnecessary for me to do that. But I am most certainly capable of empathy if I allow myself to step into that other person's shoes. In my experience, Fi users have a hard time separating themselves from it.

I will say that my default for a close friend or family member in trouble is detached sympathy, because I'm no use if I'm blubbering along with them (unless that's what they need, then I'll do that). But usually they're coming for someone to stabilize them, not add to their turbulence.I have Fe and Ti and neither of your assessments describe me at all?

Wtf is this power grabbing you speak of? Keep me away from that shit, please.Reporter. Work up to foreign correspondence.&gt;The difference is that feelers are just much better at getting away with it than a thinker because they are better at manipulating the emotional situation so they are in the right, morally speaking, and the thinker doesn't know how to respond to that.

Have been guilty of this, true story and well put. Honestly, it took me eons to even figure out I was doing it. I was so good at it, and I wasn't even doing it on purpose - it was just a defense mechanism. I bet she puts plastic over her sofa.&gt;Extroverted/Introverted - This is the problem I run into when trying to identify this, I have pretty good social skills but I'm not social. I love spending time with friends but outside of that, interacting with strangers is just uncomfortable. However, I am amazing at public speaking and even do the morning announcements at our school.
&gt;Another issue is, I am constantly trapped inside my head that is constantly full of ideas and distractions, but only about half of the time. The other half, I am pretty talkative, but again, only to people like my fellow students, teachers, and friends, not strangers.

You're not really talking about E/I. Do you get antsy when around a lot of people for a long time? Or do you get antsy when you're by yourself for a long time?

Similarly, the rest of your post isn't really addressing the actual functions, either. Thinking vs feelings isn't logic vs emotions, and it isn't impulsivity (that's more J/P). It's reason vs values. In a group setting, do you value fairness more, or do you value the correct answer more? How would you define the term "fair"?

Here's my stab at your type.

&gt;During projects I can be pretty harsh and demanding, not caring about their sensitivities, but I am really good at understanding emotions. This means I love helping my friends with their problems, and talking about our emotions. 

I think you have Fi, but I'm not sure if it's over Te.

&gt;I can't describe any more than this, but when I look at things sometimes I see the connections but most of the time I dont connect ideas

S over N, I think. Intuition is about patterns, either internally or externally, and the path you follow to find them. You don't have to be N to daydream. I think Si.

So I've got Si and Fi here, which leaves ESTJ, ISTJ, ENFP, and INFP. I think your Si is further up in the stack, so ENFP and INFP are out. Between ESTJ and ISTJ, I think ISTJ because your Fi seems to be further up as well. Si Te Fi Ne. Same functions as INFP, but in a different order of importance, coincidentally.

Edit: my mother is a pretty textbook ISFJ, and I don't really get that vibe from you, contrary to what everyone else is saying. For instance - she sees patterns in history, her own and those of her family, and sees things tie together in a nice bow. Kind of like fate, but really only in retrospect. She does have a certain affinity for the idea of fate towards the future, but she's not very future-focused.I go into wait and watch mode because I have no anchor. I'll talk if someone approaches me. Or if I am with a friend, if they know someone I'll talk to that person and maybe branch out from there. Rare occasions I would start a conversation, and only if we had something in common, like behavior or shoes or something. I find compliments with other women are a good way to start. With men...eh...that usually just turns into them flirting uncomfortably with me. I have not figured out how to talk to a male stranger without them thinking I'm sexually attracted to them (or that they should try for that).

But more often than not, I would only go to this sort of thing to observe and feel anonymous, anyway.For an INFJ, I think it turns more nihilistic. Nothing matters, it's all going to end up in a big clusterf*ck anyway.

It doesn't necessarily have to do with me personally, just my place in a sh*tty world intent on self-destruction. Not so much a unique victim as part of a mass casualty.

For more specific situations, better cut my losses and gtfo. It'll just hurt more later when it inevitably falls apart.This is Te, not Ti?I once re-organized my fabric into a little cart thing where I could see it all at once instead of in this bulky, opaque set of utility drawers. It took me hours, I had to re-fold so it would fit, I sorted by color, etc. But when I was done and I could throw out that old dingy beat up set of drawers....and look at the pretty little cart all stacked with bright colors and easily accessible. Honestly it made my weekend. Maybe my week. I'm still happy about it when I open the closet...

Yes, organizing things is so so nice. Engages my mind - it's really the only thing that distracts me when I'm in a bad mood. Well, that and getting sucked into a good story, but that requires me to let go first.Nothing is going to be 100% because MBTI is not really that rigorous. However, I'll pose an alternate interpretation.

Different types are likely to describe the same actions as having different motivations. For me, the thing that bothers me the most about people is selfishness. When someone lies, you see inauthenticity - but I see sacrificing true communication for personal gain.

It's not just bad experiences, it's world-view that determines what we consider to be the most problematic human behavior. From that paradigm, I'd argue that this is more valid than not.&gt; 9/10 times there seems to be misintrepretation from their end. I see it happen between other types interacting too.

Other people are not responsible for understanding you. You are responsible for making yourself understood. When in doubt, over-communicate.

If you are being misinterpreted all the time, your communication skills are lacking.So I read this whole exchange, and wanted to chime in.

If it's not someone else's responsibility, then you need to acknowledge that you're asking for something extra from them. If it's your job to get things done, and you need them to do it, they're doing you a favor. They also have their own responsibilities. Letting them know that you know that is going to make them more receptive. Basic psychology.

Overall, you seem to just really resent the idea of politeness because you don't understand it. But being polite isn't arbitrary, it's about showing respect and value for the other person's contributions. Think about it - if you just come over and say "help me with this thing", you're asking for my help while neglecting to show me that you value me. Because you're not acknowledging that I have my own shit to do.

Honestly, I resent having to explain myself to people who gave zero thought to my circumstance.

If it's a group project and you're delegating because you are in charge (not because *you* decided you were in charge), then it's not a favor and there's no need for that layer because that's my responsibility. I generally don't say please when I ask subordinates to do something, but I do explain the context of what they're doing and what to do (who to ask) if they get stuck. Then asking that person isn't a special request, either, because it's now their responsibility to help.

I'm not sure I'm explaining this well. But basically, you're failing to acknowledge that someone is sacrificing something for you when you ask. And that's disrespectful. They're not mind readers, and they don't want to help someone who is ungrateful. Because, again, that shit's not their problem (responsibility) until they decide it is, which you're trying to convince them to do...by not acknowledging any of that.I dunno, I'm NiFe and I'm not into communism. People are too selfish and lazy for communism to work on any sort of randomly selected group in any sort of relevant scale.

If I'm more productive than you, I want nicer shit. Sorry not sorry.&gt; Infjs: you guys are awesome, please start believing it, it kills me watching your depressions

*cries*Ahh, I see :)You're basically proving my point, though.

Edit: to elaborate, I don't think taking care of yourself is selfish. I think bettering yourself when you have enough, at the expense of others, is selfish. I'm very greater-good oriented, but it's heavily tempered with independence and individual freedoms. But people who don't consider others as they go through life is the thing I hate the most about humanity.Greed is just a specialized form of selfish. It's "me" over "you" and is a very Fe thing to dislike. There doesn't have to be only one answer for each function.To me, the thing that stands out is that you're not asking for permission in either scenario there. Fixing someone else's problems isn't your right. It's ok to want to help them, but not everyone wants help. Not everyone wants to be told how to do it "better." Because not everyone reacts to routine the same way, and maybe sacrificing efficiency for a bit more mental stimulation is a trade-off they want to make. In your sovereign country story, it's not your responsibility or place to fix problems in another country. If they want your help, they'll ask.

I understand that you have good intentions and I think you're a good person, I don't mean to imply that you're an asshole or anything. But the crux of the issue here is that you're not staying in your lane. It's a nice thought to say that the world would be a better place if everyone cooperated, but that's not the way the world works. And I have to look out for me if I'm going to get ahead and accomplish my goals. i try to help other people along the way, when they ask for it. I try to make the world a better place with my interactions with strangers and friends and family.

But I'm not gonna get anywhere by doing everyone else's work, so if you or anyone else comes and asks me for help, it's important that they acknowledge that it's not something I owe them, and not something I'm going to do all the time, because that is an important boundary. And in my experience, if you give people an inch they take a mile.

Ironically, you're probably a genuinely "nicer" person than I am. INFJs have this reputation for being oh so sweet and self-sacrificing and caring. And I am all of those things, really. But none of those things is the same as "nice." There is always a calculation, precisely *because* my default is self-sacrificing. Hard lessons about looking out for and taking care of myself. I certainly don't go out of my way to help people that don't appreciate it.

I think your ideal world sounds like a nice place, but it's not the one we live in. I generally give people the benefit of the doubt and help if it's no trouble to me (even if it's some trouble). But there have to be limits, because those people who aren't honest will sneak in and take advantage of you.I'm just so touched and I feel so appreciated... :')I'm gonna go with ISTJ. I get Fi from you most obviously, but I don't think you lead with it. I think you are using to support how you look at the situation after the fact (SiTe). The fact that you go through interactions step by step to figure out what went wrong says Si to me. I think your inferior Ne is pushing you to try new things and not be tied down, but not really guiding your life.I thought you were funny :*Confidence. And they (give the impression, at least, that) don't need you. If they're pursuing you, they just want you. Much more powerful than someone needing you.The only clear thing is Si over Se and F over T (and N, I suppose?), so xxFx? Well, xxFx with Si narrows down to:

ESFJ (Fe Si Ne Ti)

ISFJ (Si Fe Ti Ne)

ENFP (Ne Fi Te Si)

INFP (Fi Ne Si Te)

If we further narrow down to F over N, as well, that cuts out the ENFP. If we say S over N and T, that leaves xSFJ.

I think it is fairly common for ISFJs to mistype as INFJs, for what it's worth. I'd be really surprised in an INFJ had high Si.

But that's all probably useless, just thought it'd be fun to track it down.
INTP, because I got Ne from him, but I'm between INTP and INTJ.&gt; If you’re at a funeral and you didn’t know the person but you’re crying just because everyone else does it you’re most probably a Fe user.

To add to this - I'm crying not because I'm just randomly absorbing emotions and at the whim of other people's states. If I don't allow myself to be invested, I can be very cold outwardly, I'd say. If I allow myself to wade into the emotions, I'm crying because I'm looking around at the person's family - wife, husband, kids, brothers, sisters, parents? The loss they feel for their loved one must be so great. To think that they'll never interact again with this person they love so much. What did this person mean to them? If there is a surviving parent, how lost must they feel, having to bury a child? All their hopes for their child, ripped away from them. A partner that no long has someone to lean on, left with the responsibility of children, children feeling adrift without a parent to protect them in the storm? Bereft at the loss, but also feeling alone in their other parent's grief and realizing it will never be the same again.

I cry because I connect with all those people and put myself in their shoes *with their context* (not my own). Not because I've personally lost a child or a spouse or a parent or sibling or a friend (though I have), but because *they* did. They lost this special person to them, who means nothing to me, but might have meant the world to them. And that loss is staggering, and I can see it through their perspective and realize the enormity of it for them.  And I cry for their loss, not because *I* feel sad, but because they do.I know, you were really succinct and I liked it! I just wanted to maybe expound on the thought process a little to illustrate the point.It takes some people a while to realize that sadness isn't a disease to be cured, and happiness at the expense of dealing with shit is not an optimal state. Distracting someone for a while might be what they need, and it might not. They might need a fun night out to get a little distance and perspective, or they might need to stay in and feel validated in their emotions, or maybe they need something in-between. Being supportive and understanding means leaving room for that spectrum at the appropriate times. Don't worry, not all Fe wants to make you superficially happy. It's ok to be sad.I make a list of interesting places and make notes like what days / times they're open, their address, admission costs, etc. I also find a few good restaurants that I found good reviews for in different sorts of styles (Thai, Indian, Korean, Mexican, BBQ, etc).

It's like I plan a list of options that I've already decided are good fallbacks. Then, if I'm out and we need a dinner idea, I just go to my list of restaurants and pick one based on what I want in the moment. Or if I'm not sure what I want to do on a given day, I'll look through my list of interesting places and see if any seem appealing.

I don't like sticking to a schedule, but I also don't like googling on vacation, either. So I do a lot of work ahead of time to give myself pre-vetted options to make my choices easier. Way less stress :)

As an aside, my ENTP bf really likes this, because it's efficient but not constraining, and it's not like everything we do has to come from the list. Lots of times he'll google a place nearby with good reviews and I'll be up for it. Or suggest a spur-of-the-moment thing like going inside a weird museum we see. I'm always up for new experiences and I don't need to "stick to the list."Same. Also too many shoes and outfits...I like to have choices, but I always end up wearing the same thing most days...I really should learn, but I don't want to find myself wishing I had something and not have it. I also usually forget at least one important thing, like my soap or my phone charger, no matter how much time I spend packing and double-checking.I don't want a male version of myself. Talk about boring. I want someone who's different than me, someone who expands me, someone who sees the world differently than I do, someone who gives me new perspectives.&gt; I don't want to be dragged out for dumb stuff

Same. "lol so random" is not entertaining.I'm not messy, but it's more of a coping mechanism for how scatter-brained I am. I'm organized because I *have* to be organized to be effective. Left to my own, unassisted devices, I'm a mess of forgetting things.

Sometimes my absentmindedness is breathtaking, really.Huh, that VLC media player logo reminds me of those hats that Devo used to wear.

Heh, also Safety Dance, didn't they wear weird hats in that? That wasn't Devo, that was...Men at Work? No, that's "A Land Down Under"...heh...vegemite sandwich.

I heard that vegemite's not that bad, even though it kind of looks like runny poo to me. Someone said the secret is to put it on in a really thin layer. Hmm...Australia...there was this movie I once saw about a guy who put a bunch of balloons on his chair and floated away and went on some adventures, pretty sure it was Australian...weird.

That reminds me of up, haha. Love that dog...squirrel! Hehe...still, that opening sequence, so sad :( A life lived with so much love together, that poor man left to just get lonely and bitter with the world moving on around him. I hope when I'm old I die first, I can't imaging having to deal with that loss. And if I didn't have kids, who would be left?

I hope that when I'm old I feel more comfortable with death in general. Right now it scares the pants off of me. Just...nothingness. Not so much the state of nothingness, since I won't be aware, right? It's not like I'll *know* I'm dead, it's just like when I'm sleeping and hours pass without me being aware of them. Just...forever. What bothers me most is the idea that I wouldn't be around anymore, never again to influence anything or be a part of the world.

But then again, I guess my body would decompose and I would be part of the Earth. Boo, now I'm thinking about my dog dying. Best case scenario, I put him to sleep in the comfort of his favorite place, and I watch him go, and I never get to cuddle with him again. Should I have him cremated? I should probably at least cast his paw prints in some concrete or plaster to have. Like those hand ornaments I made for my mom when I was a kid. Does she still put it up on the tree? I'll have to check next Christmas. Gosh, Christmas seems so long ago already, it's practically May!

....


It goes on and on like this.Seemingly I'm in the minority (gathering from /r/INFJ) on having self-esteem, not taking on other people's burdens as my own, not being depressed, and having my life (mostly) sorted. It's probably because I'm older, but god damn that place can be depressing sometimes.

Edit: I also have a doctorate in physics, and have always been inclined towards math and science, though I am also good at the "soft" subjects. Social work seems noble, but I don't want to make zero dollars while draining myself every day. I did consider psychology / psychiatry, though. People and their brains are interesting af.#Enjoyed most to least:

Physics / Science (not chemistry)

Spanish Language / Literature

English / Literature

Art

Economics

History

Chemistry

PhysEd

#Best to Worst Grades:

Spanish Language / Literature

English / Literature

Physics / Science

Art

History

Economics

PhysEd

Chemistry

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Note that in terms of grades, I got all high As, except for chemistry where I got (gasp) an 89. I recall because this was especially bad. PhysEd was just pass/fail, but I am awful at sports and brute force, so I put it at the bottom. I contributed basically nothing to team sports.You sound depressed, actually. You're down on yourself, you don't have any motivation coming through for anything. I think you should talk to someone about how you feel.Um, result is not that unclear, seems to be ENTP to me.Sure. You're overall edginess and penchant for debating leads me to think you're ENTP, not the particular order of your tested functions, which could very well be within error bars on a 48-question test.I would also guess that growing up with an ISFJ mother (like I also did) makes you feel like defending others against social expectations that you felt were forced on you and which made little sense to you growing up. So apart from just being an INFJ and wanting to protect the feelings of others, this instance in particular is going to feel personal for you. As an example, my mother would always try to get me to stop making a scene by saying "you're embarrassing yourself." Of course, I wasn't embarrassed in the least, and I thought she was deflecting the discussion I was trying to have. In reality, I knew that I was embarrassing *her,* but if she was the source of my angst, I didn't really care, so that never worked.

Personally, I've boiled the forcing interaction thing down to the idea that children should not be forced to give affection, physical or otherwise, if they do not want to (of course, this is different from being polite in conversation, etc., and encouraging social interaction even when under stress can teach them to not be afraid of it - we get better with practice, unless they have a legitimate social anxiety disorder). Teaching children that they don't have volition over their own bodies makes them more susceptible to sexual predation and emotional manipulation, in my opinion. They have an unhealthy view of physical and emotional boundaries, and feel compelled to allow their bodies and relationship roles to be touched / manipulated for the gratification / happiness of others. I find this whole social expectation of "hugging and kissing grandpa" (or whoever) to be very disturbing.

This, in turn, is likely colored by my own experiences with sexual assault, but I see common threads there, and I think the lessons we teach our children via expected behavior are very important.

In another example like what you were talking about, I get upset when people tell children not to be "weird" for whatever reason. My ex-husband's family used to tell my niece not to be weird when she was doing something strange or unconventional or behaving strangely towards others (not malevolently, just being weird per social expectations). I always used to tell her that it's ok to be weird, just remember to be safe.

Anyway, I fully connect with what you're saying. I think personal experience of an INFJ being forced to conform, when we see no reason for the conformity, manifests in them acting in defense of others we see going through the same issues. We want to protect them, and I suspect that we objectively believe that the world would be a better place if we could all express ourselves more freely in understanding (understanding is key for harmony).

Edited for coherenceDoes being alone drain you, or does being around other people drain you? Put another way, do you get restless when alone, or do you get restless when around other people?

ENTPs are often described as some of the most introverted of the extroverts.

If you identify with INTP, though, it seems equally likely given the lack of information.Lol, no. I have "I hate everything" moments. But never "I love everything."INFJ - "ahh, finally, a little darkness" *proceeds to sit in the dark...unless they were reading, then they curse the heavens and change the bulb*

I dunno, I really like sitting in the dark. I almost never turn the lights on, and I always turn them off as soon as I don't need them. I let the sun into the living area, but not into the bedroom. I just don't like bright lights or loud noises.

Though I will say, I've had moments where I looked at a busted thing and thought "really?" very angrily at said thing.I think Ne lends itself to outcome bias, and I guess innovation bias would also fit.

Overconfidence seems like a high Se problem. The data ones, like information bias and availability heuristic seem like Te, maybe. Possibly also anchoring bias. Although, now that I think about it, information bias sounds a lot more like Ti.

Conservation bias sounds to me like Si.

Selective perception is totally Ni.

Choice supportive bias seems like Fi to me, maybe also the placebo effect.Dude. Calm down.

First, straight As doesn't make you smart, it just means you're good at the game of school. Which is valuable, since it mimics a lot of games in life, but all it really says is that your brain is suited for the social construct we've applied to education. You might do really poorly in a Montessori school.

Second, why the fuck would you want to be dumb, and why the fuck do you think understanding people and being smart are mutually exclusive?

Third, whether or not "straight As" feeds your ego is entirely up to you and your ego. Straight As don't make you better than anyone else.

We live up to the expectations we and others put on us. Yes, it's a documented thing that children that are told they're dumb perform poorly in school. But you know what? Kids who are told they are smart their whole lives also do poorly when it gets to the point they have to self-teach (i.e. college). Because when being knowledgeable is pitched as something innate, you assume you don't have to work for it. Until you are rudely awakened by the fact that you never learned how to really learn new information on your own. Statistically speaking, being praised for being smart is just as damaging.

In conclusion, counter to your claim that you're not feeding your ego because you are doing poorly in school (congrats), you're actually feeding your ego by "choosing" to "understand" people. What a martyr.

It's a false choice. How about instead of shirking school, you simply challenge yourself to do both and expand as a person? Feelers aren't inherently dumb, and thinkers aren't inherently smart. Take responsibility for yourself and your future by developing skills that will help you in life, both academic and interpersonal. As much as you think nothing matters, you'll care when you're 30 and in a dead-end job with no prospects, and you'll hate that you could have had more if you'd put in the fucking effort when you had the chance instead of being a cringe-worthy edge-lord (which you will definitely look back and think you are).

You're so 14-year-old INTP it hurts.You're not a genius just because you didn't have to try in school. Public school is pretty easy if you have a good home environment and basic enrichment growing up, unless your brain is not wired to respond well to the way we teach. Doesn't make you better, just makes you better at this one thing. Learning that lesson now will benefit you later. You are not special.

I don't know what you're on about with your dad and his patronizing martyrdom (?), but people who work to provide for their families aren't being "patronized" by society. Just because your immaturity currently has you enamored with nihilism doesn't mean it's the universal truth of life.

Seriously, get a grip on yourself, guy. You're not a tragic martyr or the only person who realized that humanity is fragile and cosmically unimportant. Your life is what you make of it, and currently it sounds like you want to make it shit. You're not going to have anyone to blame but yourself. You're not a victim, you're not special, you're not "a paradox" or otherwise unique. Sure, you're unique in that no one is exactly like you, but even that trait is common to every single human who ever lived. You're being basically r/im14andthisisdeep. You'll get perspective once you live a little longer, but until then maybe don't be a wallowing asshole.

Life is hard. You'll eventually figure it out. But only if you stop indulging in your own tragic victimhood.Ok, maybe stop drinking, because it's not going to help you see anything clearly or make good decisions right now. I'm sure you're not dumb, just pointing out that you're probably also not a genius. I'm also not a genius.

I don't know about good or common sense, but I think being drunk is not helping.

I feel like you need a hug and a simultaneous slap across the face. Put the alcohol down, drink a glass of water, and go take a nap.Feeling =/= emotions

Thinking vs feeling is logic vs values.

Since emotions are often seen as "illogical," or rather they exist whether it is logical to experience them or not, I would imaging that thinking types are less equipped to deal with them in a healthy way. Personal experience supports this theory.Of course. In my experience, it happens more often for "thinking" types, though.&gt; only giving the minimum information necessary

From their perspective...ime this is often inadequate for the person you're trying to explain it to. Which just ends up making the explanation longer because you have to double back...in the pursuit of efficiency you end up being inefficient. Sometimes, though, I can really nail it.

&gt;visual metaphors to explain things when they can't find the exact words

"It's like a big bubble, with a whole bunch of colors and distortions swirling on the outside, and clarity on the inside. But if you try to get to the inside with a blunt object, you're going to pop the bubble and the idea is gone. You have to just be patient with the bubble."I don't think it's an E indicator. I talk with my hands a lot, actually. It's an extension of my visual metaphors.I find this accurate. I also enjoy Civ5 and GTA, though when I play GTA I mostly just drive around and run people over / do whatever and I don't actually care about the story line. It feels like indulging, lol.I manage 3-4 people in a scientific setting, but I also don't really have any way to give negative reinforcement. Only the wrath of my indifference.

I feel like this is a different situation, but I mostly manage by exhaustively communicating because I'm stuck with the low performers because my boss wanted to see "what I could do with them."

So, I project that I believe in them and expect good work from them, but I give it to them in very small chunks so there is a lot of direction. The ones that prove themselves get bigger chunks eventually, and lots of praise for problem-solving (yes, I realize this sounds like kindergarten...these people are awful).

From my position, this allows me to remain the "good guy", liked by everyone. This also has limited success in their improved work, which my ENTP boss was just not equipped to get out of them. This reflects well on me to my boss and my boss's boss. I have no qualms about telling my boss's boss that I am doing the work, not my boss - not by throwing my boss under the bus, but also not discounting my strengths. In the meantime, I also excel at my own work, which gets me noticed.

In short, I took a shit situation and turned it into an opportunity for advantage. I know that it can be exhausting, but there are ways to motivate people that are neither positive nor negative reinforcement *after the fact*. I suggest more pep talks and unexpected compliments about *how* they do the work, *while* they are doing it. If a display looks extra nice, say so. If someone is slacking, let them know that you noticed and say that you know they can do better, and remind them of what they're supposed to be doing. Being annoying but positive will irritate them enough to do something to avoid it, but prevent them from really being able to resent you.

As tempting as it is to do everything yourself, absolutely do not. That just teaches them that you will.INFPINFPs are notoriously hard to type because they are prone to answer questions based on how they "should" be or how they *want* to be, not how they actually are. Because their Fi idealism is their whole identity.Hope my opinion was helpful :)Depends, are they licking faces, ice cream, what?&gt;You're the explorer! According to Jung we can find this archetype in many myths and fairy tales. You're a restless nomad, always full of wanderlust. You see life as one big adventure and you're always planning your next move. This archetype thirsts for new experiences and new people. You're independent, adaptable, ambitious and true to yourself. Your sense of adventure is your greatest strength, but you may risk wondering aimlessly and you may find it difficult to choose a direction. Channel your adventurous spirit into something productive!

Not sure if this is the best fit, because not sure of the other options. But seems sort of true, I do move around a lot and tend to find myself restless to get on to the next thing.He had a temper about some things - flipping tables at the temple for one. He also seemed not to value "rational" decisions very much, telling people to turn the other cheek and all that. He espoused a very self-sacrificing ideology, but still focused on the greater good as something pursued by an individual's virtues, not as a goal in and of itself - I think Fi. He wasn't really about avoiding conflict and promoting harmony, he was about maintaining control of one's own morality based on principles. The whole idea that being a good person is entirely based on one's motivations is a very Fi idea.

He surrounded himself with people and only sought solitude occasionally for clarity. He seems like an intuitive person, in that he was never very grounded in the surface reality of any situation. Also it seems pretty inarguable that he was idealist xNFx, no?

That leaves xNFP if we decide on the Fi, just the positioning of the functions left. He seemed to enjoy groups (he made is own posse, though the ostensible reason as presented was to train them and have them be witness to his life, not necessarily for company). Then again, he did seem to be not really a "part" of his disciples, and he seemed generally reclusive - the Romans didn't even know what he looked like, which is why Judas had to single him out. Seems like he may have needed his own time to reflect.

My vote is that the Jesus portrayed in the Bible was an INFP.You can clarify by saying you're an agnostic atheist. God probably doesn't exist, but meh.You're hilarious lmaoLike...killing people is wrong, but it *does* seem like an efficient way to solve problems...just saying...You're an INFP.

&gt;Also, I have random suddenly memories from nowhere, wich can be tert Ni working unconsciously, right?

No, tertiary Si.

&gt;besides, I would like to be ISFP to be the minority in this sub. There are lot of INxxs, I want to be ISxx to be different.

This is so INFP I'm wondering if this is a troll.I mean, most of that doesn't have to do with being an INFP (or being any type). But the way you express yourself and the way you focus on how you feel and what you *want* to be strikes me as very INFP (self idealism). You remind me of basically every INFP I've ever met.What? Morality is very subjective. What is moral in some cultures is immoral in others. Are you serious right now?

Maybe you're talking about ethics, but even that is subjective based on the desired outcome and how we define "good".

Or maybe you've confused your own morals for objective truth?Moral truth doesn't make any sense. Can you elaborate?But who defines what is morally justified?What? Morality is very subjective. What is moral in some cultures is immoral in others. Are you serious right now?

Maybe you're talking about ethics, but even that is subjective based on the desired outcome and how we define "good".

Or maybe you've confused your own morals for objective truth?Moral truth doesn't make any sense. Can you elaborate?But who defines what is morally justified?....so it's subjective?

Morality is not scientific. You can't apply science here.&gt;if done well.

lol, I don't know why I find this so funny. It's like being an INFJ is like putting on a play. "I dislike most adaptations of Hamlet, but it's very mysterious and deep if done well."I know, I decided I like you. :PLmao it's still making me giggleOMGI'm leaning INFP. All of your introverted functions score higher than your extroverted ones, which to me means that you place much more value on your internal systems that on external once, almost dogmatically. With your Fi at 100%, that makes sense. Also, Ni and Ne are hard to disambiguate when you don't lead with them, I think, so these two combined could be a reason for the low Ne.

Overall, your function order is F --&gt; N --&gt; T --&gt; S (going by averages, ignoring the orientation of them), which is not an actual progression that's possible, so that's not really a help.

But, I'm willing to bet you're dom Fi, which leaves IxFP, which is what you thought as well. Since your average sensing scores are so low, I would guess you're not ISFP. I'm guessing you're an INFP, and your overall bias towards introverted functions is a product of your Fi values, while your higher T scores reflect (what I have noticed to be) a preoccupation with being seen as "logical" among INFPs. IME, INFPs tend to answer questions while thinking of the way they want to be seen / behave, rather than the way the do behave, as a sort of self-projection (FiNe).

So that would be Fi (100%) --&gt; Ne (30%) --&gt; Si (60%) --&gt; Te (55%), which isn't all that incongruous.&gt; One of the sub rules is that every post must be infj related, so you can't just discuss whatever you want with other infjs

No, that's not the rule. The rule says "INFJ-related" but that just means in terms of the board. There has to be a reason you're posting to the board is all. 99% of submissions meet this criteria. It's basically our spam rule.

If you have INFJ flair you can basically post anything. If you're an ISTP and you post something, it's implied that you want to ask INFJs.

*So yes, you can discuss whatever you want with other INFJs. You might get flaired out of the filtered version, but your post stays up.I agree with you, Jesus seems like an INFP to me.For the record, Jesus never said anything about being gay, and Mary Magdalene was a prostitute and he hung out with her.

I'm pretty sure* Jesus's whole thing was *not* judging people when their choices didn't hurt anyone else.If you divide the population up evenly, every personality only gets 6.25%. So 4% isn't really that bad. They're not evenly distributed, but [INFP is the median percentage](https://www.careerplanner.com/MB2/TypeInPopulation.cfm).

You're as understood as you want to be. I've written this before:

&gt;He had a temper about some things - flipping tables at the temple for one. He also seemed not to value "rational" decisions very much, telling people to turn the other cheek and all that. He espoused a very self-sacrificing ideology, but still focused on the greater good as something pursued by an individual's virtues, not as a goal in and of itself - I think Fi. He wasn't really about avoiding conflict and promoting harmony, he was about maintaining control of one's own morality based on principles. The whole idea that being a good person is entirely based on one's motivations is a very Fi idea.

&gt;He surrounded himself with people and only sought solitude occasionally for clarity. He seems like an intuitive person, in that he was never very grounded in the surface reality of any situation. Also it seems pretty inarguable that he was idealist xNFx, no?

&gt;That leaves xNFP if we decide on the Fi, just the positioning of the functions left. He seemed to enjoy groups (he made is own posse, though the ostensible reason as presented was to train them and have them be witness to his life, not necessarily for company). Then again, he did seem to be not really a "part" of his disciples, and he seemed generally reclusive - the Romans didn't even know what he looked like, which is why Judas had to single him out. Seems like he may have needed his own time to reflect.

I don't really have a direct argument for Ne, either. It's more of an aggregate conclusion.Well, I pointed it out because some people do actually think Jesus said being gay was bad and use it against gay people. And I think that's important to counter, even if you didn't mean it. I'm not upset or crusading or anything :)I haven't read it, but from your description and the way you relate to it...maybe Si?

I've heard that Si and Ni can seem very similar on paper, since they're both introverted perception functions, which is why it's sometimes hard for some people to decide between IxFJ types.My assessment wasn't necessarily based on the "past" part (I didn't even mention that?). My mom is an ISFJ, though, and her stream of consciousness is definitely memory- and experience-oriented. Everything is in this web of parallels and patterns based on things she believes, which is built up on what she's experienced. And so, the way you described it:

&gt;Something is pinging for me about the structure of how the book is written ... it almost seems like a version of Ni. Not my version. But - something. Maybe not Ni. Something pinging but I don't know what.

sounded like it could be my mom, an Si user, because I see Si as very similar to Ni.

Edit: however, now having read the excerpt, it sounds like an INTP (TiNe) to me.I'm mostly concerned that life isn't that long and I don't have time to waste, really.

As for starting things - I mean, do you enjoy doing those things? Why is the value in the completion? It's not like you're going to be around to know it's not done, if you're dead. If you spend your whole life only valuing the conclusion instead of the journey, nothing will ever be worth starting.[Social Liberalism](https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=68.9&amp;d=65.4&amp;g=66.9&amp;s=78.8)

I'm thinking your results are going to skew left, though, because this is reddit.&gt;That was a self-report survey that didn't require any proof of experience with Typology. I bet a majority of those people were mistyped.

...

&gt; Even if they're wrong, I bet a lot of left-wingers will identify with the NPs and right-wingers with the NTJs.

You literally just said that doesn't matter.Legit curious, why tradition?Rounding?Right, but why truncate when you could round?Why would I be upset? Rounding seems like the most consistent way to do it, that's all. Truncation always results in underestimation because it is a one-sided function, while rounding is an even function and therefore is a better estimate in populations. Agreed that in this instance it doesn't really matter, except you have the underestimation problem, which bugs Ti. I have honestly never chosen to truncate rather than round, and found your decision interesting and strange to me.

Of course it's entirely unimportant, but isn't that what the internet is for?&gt;It bugs you because of your Si because I'm doing it a different way than you believe it should be. It would bug Ti if I was truncating wrong

No, internal consistency of systems --&gt; Ti (also I have inferior Se not Si). Truncation isn't scalable without resulting in more error. J says rounding* is objectively better, so that's what I do. I wouldn't object (? strong word, more like find it strange) to you doing it differently if it weren't inferior :P

&gt;Truncating typically results in higher error.

Glad we agree.

&gt;You're probably thinking about rounding to the hundredth place.

Nope, it doesn't matter what place you round to for my statement to hold. But, for the record, I was thinking of rounding to the nearest integer, since you truncated to the nearest integer.

&gt;Why not truncation?

Because truncation results in more error when applied to population sums. The variance associated with each approach vs the original data set is actually the same (uniform distribution, width 1 - rounding is centered on 0 while truncation is centered on 0.5). On the individual number level they are equivalent. In populations they are not.

&gt;We both aren't right nor wrong.

True, but one is better than the other if you state that the objective is consistency in population more so than consistency with the individual number. And that's my default objective, so to me it seems...not *wrong*, but not optimal, and I don't see a reason to choose it over rounding, so I don't.&gt;In computer science it would be floor(n) for truncation and round (n, m).

Yeah, I ran a quick experiment to make sure I was right first. Variance for both sets is 1/12 (quantization error for width 1). Ti checking Ni.

&gt;I was half asleep lol.

Lol, fair.You said you thought that a lot of people who lean left politically would identify as NPs and those who lean right with NTJs. Yes, that presupposes mistypes.

Your criticism of the reply is that....those people are probably mistypes. But according to your first point, that shouldn't matter, because there should be more NPs that identify as "democrat" and more NTJs that identify as "republican", because those people have self-typed as NPs or NTJs based on their political leanings. Per your theory.

So objecting on the basis that "they're probably mistypes" doesn't really make any sense, because your theory kind of hinged on that to begin with.&gt;I'm not saying that NPs are more likely to be Democrats and NTJs are more likely to be Republicans, I'm saying that Democrats are more likely to think they're NPs and Republicans are more likely to think they're NTJs. Therefore, they are mistyped.

Yes I know.

But if that is true, you should see the democratic margin be significantly higher for NPs, and the republican margin be higher for NTJs. The exact point is that they're mistypes, so they should skew the results.&gt;are likely to both have had negative personal experiences with them, and to bristle at simply reading the description

Can confirm - [what INFJs think of ESTJs](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/wiki/faqs#wiki_compatibility_per_type)

Note the fighting emoji :Plol, what a well-crafted argument*blushes*Um, yes? That's...that's why I linked it?It is the consensus opinion of both INFJs and ESTJs in relation to the other, summarized from threads on both /r/INFJ and /r/ESTJ. The threads span multiple years.

I wrote the summaries, not the opinions.&gt;but i hate logical inconsistency and use deductive reasoning in my arguing

IME, INFPs are the type most concerned with being logical. I don't know why, but they like to tell everyone how they are very logical.

&gt;I also am very concerned with my actions, and how my actions compare to my inner values. I am constantly evaluating what i think is worth doing and how i can be the best person i can be.

So Fi.

&gt;But, i also see the patterns of my own thinking, i dissasociate from myself and look at my view of reality to gain insight.  I am very ''aware'' of my own thinking, so to speak, as i am observing my own thoughts form and how they form.

FiNe, some Si I think

&gt;Also, i am not necessarily obsessed with my own feelings or how things work logically, i'm more focused on the ''meaning'' of things, the symbolism and underlying meaning behind big concepts.

I think also FiNe.

As a Ni dom, I don't really see any of myself in here. I'm not super interested in the "meaning" of things or symbolism of life. Symbolism is for literature, and I find it to be overly romantic / sentimental to see symbolism in life itself. Maybe if we're talking about individuals, but even so, not my thing. That's not to say I don't notice a cosmic joke once in a while, but coincidence and irony are not *meaning*.

You do sound a lot like my sister the INFP. So there's not much concrete to go on, but that's my guess.

edit: typo + a little elaboration&gt;and that’s why I have trouble thinking I have a “subjective” values thinking

lol

&gt;For example I don’t care where you come from or who you are the value of family should be important to everyone

That's incredibly subjective to your experience.

&gt;and since we all come from divinity ( I have a whole argument of god if you wanna hear it and how we are all made from a divine creator therefor values are part of us all, not individually) values, virtues, and morality apply to us all

Again, your subjective opinion, yet you see it as truth.

&gt;they lead me through most of my life, but I have trouble believing that they are only inside me

So only you have unlocked the *real* nature of the universe and what humans should be?

&gt;I learned what’s valuable, I didn’t create them

What's valuable...to you.

I'm not gonna argue whether you have Fi - you seem super defensive for no reason. But whichever feeling function you use, it's pretty immature, imo......he asks the reclusive introvert.....&gt; Fe doesn't differ from person to person though.

????

Just because something is more or less objective doesn't mean that everyone comes to the same conclusions with it?But by this logic we could say all Fi is the same - they want to be their authentic selves.I like you :)You're right, doing small things out of curiosity and a desire to replicate scientific results in one's own purview is always completely useless. What am I doing with my life?

Actually, better question, why do you care? Go be petty and boring somewhere else.

*Also, if you read the actual post, I cited the other studies and stated the purpose. So you're either being purposely obtuse in order to insult me for no reason, or you're dumb.Wow, thanks for pre-judging imaginary conclusions that you think I'll make and calling me dumb. What would the world do without you.

&gt;How could you not know that you’re just biasing the results by telling people of r/MBTI what their Big 5 correlations should be?

lmfao

The results are out there, this is the internet. They're not hard to look up or find. Nowhere did I claim this was going to be published or some shit, you're taking this way more seriously than me. 

If you find no value in curiosity, like a 5th grade class measuring gravity, because something has "already been done", then I legitimately feel sorry for you. Incurious people who discourage curiosity in others are some of the worst people.

This is an exercise in trying to replicate results. It's not controlled, but we can draw reasonable conclusions based on the constraints, depending on the data. I honestly don't know why you're in such a huff about someone on the internet doing something you don't find value in.

Seriously, go shit on someone else's parade.Sigh. Thank you, internet crusader. I don't know what I would do without you.

I'm not trying to "prove" anything. I don't know what your problem is, honestly. I have a physics PhD. I guarantee I understand more about statistics and studies than you do. I have never claimed this to be "scientific". It's literally just for fun - trying to see if our results are consistent with published results. Everyone already knows that Big 5 does in fact correlate with MBTI. We're just trying to see what that looks like here. You haven't even seen any of the data, or what I would say about the results, you're just making wild assumptions and then getting worked up over them and calling me names because....?

I'm very done with this exchange.That one's a really sad jokelol&lt;3It's not funny if it's not plausible.

But jokes aside, we allow pretty much anything. Which is the meta joke on people who don't get the joke because they think the joke is something we'd ever actually do.ok fairCacao!

Hit or miss, but really fun when it's a hit.&gt;1\. Your MBTI type

INFJ

&gt;2\. Do you believe that everyone is equal (in intelligence, talent, uniqueness, etc)? That everyone is special in their own way?

These are kind of two different questions. The first question, no. The second question, yes....kind of. Special and useful (or even positive) are not the same.

&gt;3\. Have you ever felt superior or inferior to others?

Yes, both, depending on the person. Usually the former.

&gt;4\. Do you believe that all MBTI types are equal? Do you have anything against any particular MBTI type?

Equal in what sense? In capacity to be productive members of society? Yes. Equal in ability or predisposition to do well at certain jobs or tasks? No.

&gt;5\. Do you believe that your own type is the best type?

Well, pursuant to the last question, no - because there is no "best type". Only types more suited to certain goals.Put down the cocaineI didn't disagree with anything until this:

&gt;You could be a Feeler and get straight A's at MIT (but there's still a Thinker who graduated 4 years early).

Thinkers are not inherently smarter than feelers. The first part is right, but your parenthetical statement implies there's always a thinker who is smarter, and that's just false.

&gt;There are many differing opinions among experts and some logical inconsistencies that I still get very lost in. I'm never completely sure of anyone's type (I'm 97% sure I'm INFP) because we're all too similar yet infinitely complex.

This is so very INFP of you, lol. I'm not disagreeing, it's just a very Fi thing to say.

&gt;In my view, anyone who's healthy and interacting in the world is not only thinking but feeling (in the cognitive sense) both introverted and extroverted, every day.

The point of cognitive functions isn't that we only use the first four. Everyone uses all of them, because everyone is a human. It's about what you prefer and value.There is a plethora of tables that could be more efficiently and clearly conveyed as graphical plots, so that's annoying. They are answering a bunch of related but not inherently connected "research questions". Here's a couple that are interesting:

1. F types tend to prefer non-STEM degrees and T types tend to prefer STEM
2. The last column in the table on page 127 shows the ACT score means for all the years observed (2004-2011) and the standard deviations (as well as sample size). If you go to page 130, they have a table of significant differences (which does not include every type, because not every type is different from the others). INTPs on average score higher than ESFPs, ESFJs, ISFJs, and ENFPs. ENTPs score higher than ESFPs. There's more, but I won't list them all.
3. No significant differences were found for percentile rank in high school (e.g., 80th percentile in GPA).
4. For first-year GPA, the results showed statistical differences for only a few types, similarly to the ACT (though actually fewer differences). ENTJs &gt; ENFPs, INFJ &gt; ENFP, ENFJ &gt; ENFP, and ISTJ &gt; ENFP (apparently ENFPs had a poor showing with the lowest first-year gpa). ENFPs were also the group most likely to be unable to achieve a 2.0 GPA in their first year (this was statistically significant).
5. Quote from the paper:  
  "Three Myers-Briggs preferences were found to have relationship with first semester
grade point for the full research population. ENFP, the preference for Extraverted Intuition
with Feeling and Perceiving, was found to negatively relate to first-semester grade point
upon regression analysis for the full research population and was significant at 0.0007 where
the p value is &lt;0.05. ENFP was the preference for 17.9% of the research population, which
is 2.21 times more than the expected occurrence of 8.1% in the base national sample. ENTJ,
the preference for Extraverted Intuition with Thinking and Judging, demonstrated a positive
relationship for first semester grade point and was significant at 0.0263. The ENTJ
preference, at 1.8% of the research population, was equal to the national sample percentage.
INFJ, the preference for Introverted Intuition with Feeling and Judging, demonstrated a
positive relationship for first semester grade point and was significant at 0.0062. The INFJ
preference, at 3.3% of the research population, was 2.2 times greater than the national sample
percentage of 1.5%."
6. Both ACT score and high school percentile rank were (significantly) positively correlated with first-year GPA.

That's about it. There's also information on the relative representation of each type in the university (for the whole study and per year) as compared to the 1998 MBTI inventory published by CPP*, if you're interested.Are you criticizing INFJs or r/INFJ?

&gt;The sub is literally full of people exalting themselves because no one seems to relate to them.

But then you say this:

&gt;I'm personally just confused because most of them within the sub seem to be mistyped anyway but because they test as an INFJ, they fully embrace the idea that they're "different" from everyone, when they're really not.

So you kind of answered your own question with that.

&gt;I feel like some of the things within the community is a huge façade

Can you elaborate? Again, are you talking about users or the way the sub is set up?
[Try this?](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/7x9qtx/roasting_infjs_give_us_your_best_shot/)Ok, so you wrote this post to the mistypes on r/INFJ?

Also, as a sub, our [April Fool's joke](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/88k3e0/attention_new_sub_rules_and_updated_side_bar/) was literally making fun of this stereotype of snowflakes being special.What does the p-value refer to? Certainly not all of these values have p&lt;0.0001. ESTJ only had 26 participants.

Also, what does "sad" mean? I can tap into sadness about the state of world but that doesn't make me a sad person. But if you ask me if I feel sad when I think about orphans, then you're gonna label me as "sad".[Nobody told you these results were 'atypical of an INFJ'](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/8s59fs/sothis_pretty_much_makes_me_infj_right/), they just said that MBTI =/= Big 5, which is true. [They correlate](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/89k2lv/big_5_correlations_results/), but it's not 1:1.

The person who told you that your extraversion is low for an INFJ is right - INFJs had the highest extraversion score of the introverts in that link. I would suppose it probably is more that your high neuroticism is manifesting as social anxiety, since the Big 5 measures *behavior* while MBTI seeks to describe *cognition*. INFJs were also the *least* conscientious of the Js in that survey, which is different to your results.

None of this is to say that you *aren't* an INFJ, but you could be an extra-agreeable ISTJ or an INFP with neuroticism manifesting as OCD (conscientiousness).

If you want to know what MBTI type you are, look at the functions and figure it out. But the Big 5 is not "a more scientific version" of MBTI - they are different things.Your high neuroticism score, and the polarity of your scores overall, makes me think you need to work on knowing yourself, not the functions.wtf are you talking about?

You said:

&gt;I haven't the slightest fucking clue which function I lead with. And yes I've been researching them for years, so it's not a matter of doing more reading.

Which leaves, it's a matter of you not knowing yourself. Unless somehow researching "for years" leaves you still not understanding the functions.

&gt;I'm 33. I know myself quite well. I don't disagree with any of those results. They are valid. I don't doubt any of them in the slightest. I can look at each and every one of those results and know why I scored the way I did.

You are crazy defensive for no reason. You as much as admitted that you're clueless about how MBTI applies to you, and you're a highly neurotic (read: unhealthy) person, which you just now stated is definitely correct.

&gt;You have to reconcile your interpretation of the model with my results. I am not the one with erroneous data here.

There is no "interpretation" of the Big 5. It's just an inventory of behaviors. I gave you stats, there is no "erroneous" data. I suggested, and still stand by, that you are not being an honest observer of yourself, or you're really unhealthy.

You sound like TeFi - IxTJI don't really want to have a discussion with you because you don't really seem rational or composed, and I don't feel like having snark lobbed at me when I'm trying to give you some objectivity.

&gt;See now you're leaving me with just two alternatives: either I'm less right than you are, or if I'm not, then I'm really fucked up. Either way, you win, right?

It's not about me being right, it's about you understanding what you're saying and what you're implying. "Neuroticism" is unhealthy, and you said your very high score is right, yet you get really defensive when I connect those dots. I'm not sure why, because I'm just saying what your own language implied.

Unhealthy is not an epithet, it's something that just is. It's not a moral failing to have the flu, and it's not a moral failing to be neurotic. But it matters in this discussion because it affects MBTI typing. MBTI does not account for mental illness. All of that intent you just projected onto me and went flying off the handle. I'm not out to get you, calm the fuck down.

&gt;This seems like far more of an attempt to one-up me than to genuinely help me sort this out.

"Helping you" doesn't mean I have to tell you everything is wonderful and you're great. I'm not here to baby delusions, I'm offering objective data and opinions. Take them or leave them.

&gt;It's 100x easier to understand dichotomies like introversion / extroversion than it is to know things like Si vs Se or Fi vs Fe.

But you are conflating the Big 5 (behavior) with MBTI (cognition). In a healthy individual, we may assume some correlative relationships between the two systems. In an unhealthy individual, we cannot, because MBTI does not account mental illness.

&gt;So if you can let this all go

This is projection and passive aggression, so this is my last comment to you. Sort it out with someone more patient about being a punching bag for your insecurities.

&gt;the reason I can't tell which function I use is because I use them all, or at least I feel like I do.

Classic INFP, actually. They also use Fi and Te, though I can see why you're using Te poorly if it's at the bottom of your stack. Over-reliance on your inferior function is called the grip in certain thought circles. You definitely have a lot of Fi, though. You are personally invested, extremely offended, and making assumptions about how I'm a terrible person to justify how you feel (FiNe).

&gt;Shaping questions around these kinds of dichotomies is way easier to figure out.

But doesn't tell the whole story, and that's why we use the functions. I'm not some mbti evangelist. If you think it's bunk, then move the f on. If you feel the need to find your label, then admit to yourself that you don't think it's bunk.

You can't have things both ways, be honest about yourself. I'm out, though.

"INFJs think they're super special psychics"&gt; **Fe/Ti**

&gt;**Fe**  is emergent appealing to one's emotional well being: "Here are all the  things we can say and/or do to improve the emotional state of this  person or these people."

&gt;**Ti**  is the reductionist critical side of the coin: "Ok, we can say these  things but they aren't the truth, we should actually be honest and spot  the flaws instead of blind encouragement because how else is this person  or thing gonna improve? However, I do agree with your sentiment of  trying to make the person feel better, I just would take a more direct  approach, personally."

lol me irl. I usually go with more honest, because it's usually more useful. This has changed the older I get - I think I just have less patience for the "my feelings" dance unless you really want to analyze the feelings and take responsibility for them.I am a 1w2, and I think I am more forceful than your description. Though you said it's your brother, and I am similar with respect to my sister. Other people get WAY less patience.&gt; Like Fe people are going to be much more PC and inclined to act based off of what society thinks is best.

No, that's not Fe. Fe is concerned with what is best for society, not what society thinks is best (that's Si - traditions and norms). Fe is not incapable of independent thought. IME Fi users are much more "PC" because they value other people's feelings way more (because they value their own feelings so much). Fe wants harmony, but will hurt someone's feelings to achieve it if they feel that person is detrimental to social cohesion. On the other hand, tumblr SJWs are all Fi, for example, imo.

Seems to me that you use Fi, because your understanding of Fe is through the lens of Fi and Si, both functions of xNFP.&gt; INFJs" are generally very special and "empaths"

God, I hate this....Ni isn't a "doing" function, it's a background function. You sound like you want to live more spontaneously, which has nothing to do with Ni.&gt;You're contradicting yourself, assuming that these types are so rare that they don't exist.

Really poor use of Te, probably not a top two function.

&gt;wanting to see how everything is interconnected.

Ne. You are describing intuition as active. Ni is not an active process.

&gt;I've always...hated superficiality and bluntness

Fi. Let me count the ways Fi is hung up on authenticity and sensitive communication.

&gt;Often I feel my actions are justified because everyone has the right to be included.

So unfiltered Fi, dude.

If you want an unbiased opinion on type, you're probably FiTe axis, but probably not an INTJ. I also think you're NeSi axis. That leaves: ENFP, INFP, ESTJ, ISTJ. But my money is on the feeler types based on what you type here.

As far as your problem, there is a certain point at which the saying "you made your bed and now you have to lay in it" is true. People aren't just going to flip a switch and see the brand new, totally different version of you that you recently discovered. You admitted to thinking they were "uncultured" before - do you really think they didn't notice this wanking superiority?

Show, don't tell. Be nice, be patient. Be interesting, and don't expect others to give you the benefit of the doubt that you haven't extended to them until very recently.You sound delightful.Oh, so you still feel that way about people?Because saying "you sound pretentious and uninteresting" is less nice.If someone says "look at that cute dog!" and you either "hate" or "are disinterested" in* it, then I think you're the one with the issue. It's a beginning, proposing a shared experience to grow a conversation from. It's then your responsibility to say something you find interesting about the dog, or about dogs in general, or about pets, or literally whatever could be an organic extension of observing a cute dog. If you can't come up with anything, then you're boring.

The art of conversation is not expecting other people to entertain you, it's in facilitating a mutually satisfying conversation. If you don't do that, and just expect others to know, then that's pretentious. I can have a short, pleasant conversation with literally anyone. If you come in guns blazing on the latest philosophy book you read without asking if I'm interested in philosophy, and get all miffed that I change the subject...then the conversation is over.&gt;I'm disinterested in it, because it feels like the same dog I've seen hundreds of times before.

If you're not present in the moment then I don't want to talk to you either. It's not the same dog, so maybe actually look at it and appreciate it for what it is instead of what you think it is. It's not that hard to be engaged. If you don't want to be engaged, why are you out with another person?

&gt;Why can't it ever be something new, and why does it always have to be so Se or Si?

Because observational is the only thing they can know is a shared experience. That's the point.

&gt; It looks generic. If I stated a fun fact, that'd probably make it awkward. "Did you know there's a dog that looks like a sheep?" Other person: "No, I didn't." In head: "What the frick is wrong with this person?"

That happened in your head, not in real life. But, maybe, don't be so non-sequitur about it. "Hey, that is cute, [but I prefer fluffy dogs / I do love fluffy dogs]. In fact, there's this one dog that looks like a sheep that I think is pretty interesting, have you heard of it? I sometimes see it on that Thanksgiving dog show." See how that invites the other person to participate instead of acting like you're quizzing them?

&gt;I mean at least make it about a TV show or something.

How is this not repetitive? If you start talking about tv to me, I'm gonna get bored, because I don't watch much. So what would I do? Oh, I would change the subject to something related that we both can enjoy. What you're actually complaining about is people not knowing what you're interested in by reading your mind, because "talking about TV" is in no way a different class of small talk. But how can they know when you don't engage in small talk as a way to organically tell them?

Your view of what is interesting is so subjective and self-centered that I find you boring and pretentious.Yeah, welcome to life. People aren't widgets built for you.&gt;I don't know how to use Se.

Ah yes, we can't possibly use any of the functions not in our stack....

&gt; It'll look like the same generic puppy you see on posters that I've seen 100 times. It won't seem to sho much personality, and it'll just be sitting. It'll look so generic. It won't even look that cute IMO.

You are criticizing and dismissing an imaginary puppy in a hypothetical situation. You are being defeated by the situation before you're even in it. Do you even realize how miserable you sound?

&gt;That was supposed to be the other person's head.

No, your imagination, your head. Your pervasive pessimism and sense of entitlement and/or elitism is really really off-putting.

The rest, I can't even. It's like Plato's cave. If you can't see that you're the problem, not others, and that other's won't care until you fix the problem, then good luck I guess. Hopefully you grow some self-awareness and empathy.&gt;Is not also an aspect of Ni, that you are very focused on the future and that you are often mentally elsewhere?

No, that's pretty much any introvert function as dom.

&gt;Or that you focus on the big picture, with details being your weaknesses?

That's just intuitive.

&gt;Ni doms tend to be strategic and they love concepts, complex systems and theories. They want to understand how thing work down at a fundamental, root cause level.

No, that's Ti.

&gt;Those with Ni as their dominant function are good at spotting trends and patterns.

Sometimes. Si is much better at it, even if I think the patterns are ultimately meaningless. It's more like Ni spots the underlying truth of things. Not mystical, it's just a distilling function, looking for the least common denominator.

&gt;They can easily connect the dots.

That's more Ne.

&gt;Tell them what actions you have been taking and they will tell you what the future implications are for you.

This isn't MBTI at all, really. Everyone can do this.

&gt;Is that really just unconsciously?

Yes, Ni is not an active process. It presents information as truth to you, you don't know where it comes from until you trace it back.MBTI lumps people into 16 categories. It doesn't define you. You're always you, regardless of how you label yourself.

FWIW, you sound like an INTP in meltdown.I think INTPs are actually pretty sensitive, they just don't like to show it.

Anybody can watch tv for hours, binging is like a cultural phenomenon. Focus less on behaviors and more on thought process. People binge for all sorts of reasons - INTP procrastination is rooted in an inability to commit to doing a  thing. The paradox of choice, because TiNe (and NeTi as well) sees a lot of possibilities and the functional value of each one. So instead of choosing, you ignore it and procrastinate doing whatever you feel like doing instead. But procrastination is not only for NTPs - every type procrastinates to avoid things they don't want to do.I'm not really qualified to be giving you an in-depth analysis, and that's not my intent here. But your focus on the details and general intensity says Ti dom to me. Me picking it apart in the way you want (Ti) is actually pretty tiring for me (Ti tert). I would take a breath, let it go for a while. It's really not that important. Come back when you're feeling less overwhelmed and unmoored. It's not going to be productive until you do, anyway.No need to apologize, and sure. Go have some fun!This is my understanding of the difference that you're trying to get at, but I'm not an expert.

-----

Ti is about underlying facts and relationships between facts. Ti understands the world "bottom up". Ti judges whether things are consistent in their explanations, divorced from feeling.

Fi is about underlying values and relationships between values. Fi understands the world relative to the self. Fi judges whether things are consistent in their morality.

The difference is that if you ask Ti what their favorite color is, there's no "reasons" for it to be a favorite color, it just is (and also they don't even really value this question). If you ask Fi what their favorite color is, there are "reason" entirely grounded in the self. "Purple is my favorite because it's the color of this flower I really love" or "purple is my favorite because it makes me feel happy". Just because it's "logical" that purple would remind you of your favorite flower doesn't mean that it's logical to like the flower in the first place. Things like preference and personal favorites have nothing to do with T.

For instance, Ti might paint its office light green because they read that it soothes the human brain and aides in focus, not because they particularly "like" the color green. They may have plants around because they read it helps with oxygen content and also aides in productivity, not because they "like" the plants.

Fi is always paired with Te, which is concerned with "top down" evaluations. When you talk about "purpose," you're talking from a FiTe standpoint. Fi is concerned with meaning, Te is concerned with outcomes or goals of a system. Ti doesn't care about "meaning" or purpose, really. Only how it works.[I actually did a big reddit survey of this](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/89k2lv/big_5_correlations_results/).



&gt; Since they are convergent and objective thinkers, that naturally dictates them to search for absolutes and all-encompassing summaries, which means they aren't as open to exceptions and digressions from those absolutes.

No, more like my ideas and answers are nothing *but* exceptions. Everything has a context, and changing the context changes the answer. Yes, there are absolutes, but the relative value of those absolutes changes. You are equating certainty with simplification, but that's not the case. And, often, I am uncertain because there are things you can't know.

&gt;An INFJ would think "it's not okay for person X to do Y without consequences, because the act of Y is detrimental to society, and letting person X off easy encourages more people to do Y".

No, that's weird Fi. I might wish for consequences, but the idea that someone not having consequences is "not ok" is weird. They have consequences or they don't. I might think they *should*, but I'm not out to enforce it on a personal basis, unless it directly involves me. I'm much more about fundamental solutions (Fe served by Ti).

&gt;An xxTP for that same scenario would think "According to Z, People are naturally inclined to do Y, so it makes more sense to figure out how to inhibit the effects of Y."

This is actually almost INFJ (and I don't think it's xxTP either, I think you're mixing in your own functions). Instead of inhibiting the effects of Y (Te - effects), we are more inclined to inhibit the natural inclination through disincentive (Ti - root cause). And so are Ti-users like xxTPs.Ok, I need help understanding. I'm fairly certain my mother is ISFJ, just from knowing her and reading about types. She's also pretty unhealthy emotionally. When my father died (9 years ago), it's like she just decided to opt out of life. She's retreated to this little bubble of existence. She goes to work, she comes home, she eats, she sleeps. She doesn't even sleep in her bed anymore, she just sleeps in my dad's old recliner.

Right after he died, she would only do specific things, in a specific way, and attempting to get her to do anything else would result in her yelling and crying. She doesn't deal with emotions very well. I gave her space and support to feel however she felt, but it's been almost a decade and her life is still defined by that loss. She's religious, and doesn't believe in mental illness, so she wouldn't go get help. I've tried talking about it with her, but she'll just tell me that she's getting old, she's tired from work, and she just wants to live her life the way she wants. Except she's not really living life :/ Her house is slowly filling with crap that she should just get rid of. It's overflowing with things she doesn't need, and now she has 3 cats. My sister lives at home with her, but she's not much help and might be making it worse. She's a slob, doesn't clean up after herself, doesn't take it upon herself to do anything around the house...She has her own emotional and psychological issues, but she's not helping my mom. And my mom's not helping her, either. But if they each were to live on their own, I'm not sure that would be better... :(

Before my dad died, and before other things happened to me and my sister (that I won't get into here, but that she didn't deal with well), she was happy. She used to volunteer, she used to run church events, she used to teach sunday school. She used to babysit neighborhood kids when I was very young (she stayed at home to raise us), and take us on mini adventures to find bark and twigs and rocks for us to paint and make art out of. She used to make crafts for the house. At Christmas the house would be an explosion of garland and lights and music boxes and cookies and music and nutcrackers. Our tree was always too big for the room and every ornament hung on it. She still does shadows of this now, and some of the retreat probably has to do with the fact that her children are grown. But her joy is almost completely gone.

It's like she's retreated into this shell of safety, where she doesn't think critically about any of her beliefs or opinions. She's right and that's the end of it. This is the way you do things and that's the end of it. When she comes to visit me, it's like I'm the mom. In some ways, maybe that's nice for her to and it feels safe to open up and do new things that way. But it's so stressful for me.

There are very few people she'll give an audience to, and I'm one of them. She really respects my opinions and what I have to say, generally, I think because I tend to explain in non-threatening but challenging (with conviction) ways. But I don't know how to help her climb out of this. And my last visit with her has me feeling like I can't let it be anymore. A decade is too long. Help!Hey there, r/mbti! I'm a mod over on r/INFJ and we've been doing this experiment to see if we can confirm any Big 5 correlations between MBTI types. So far I've got input from intuitives, mostly. I've received much less feedback from the sensor subs, probably because you all hang around on the internet less doing real life things ;)

So I'm coming here in the hopes of bolstering my numbers! All types welcome to participate, but **I'm putting out a special request for any sensor types to pretty please participate!** I promise to come back with results if I get enough people. Just state your type and your % scores for each Big 5 category (I really do need the numbers), and feel free to add anything else from your results if you want to share. Thanks in advance! (see extra info below)

-------

There is a lot of talk regarding MBTI vs [the Big 5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Five_personality_traits) - [is MBTI as valid](https://www.forbes.com/sites/quora/2012/08/02/what-is-the-current-thinking-about-myers-briggs), do they correlate ([1](https://psychology.stackexchange.com/questions/13460/what-correlation-research-has-been-done-on-mbti-vs-big5), [2](https://personalityjunkie.com/09/openness-myers-briggs-mbti-intuition-big-five-iq-correlations/)), etc. I thought a community post would be a good way to see what kind of distribution we have when we compile results. With enough participants, I'll report back the distributions and see what shakes out :)

##[You can take the Big 5 test here](https://www.truity.com/test/big-five-personality-test)

(it's free, the $29 "cost" refers to the cost of their premium report, and you also don't need to create an account to see your results, just click "no thanks")

**Please comment here with your type (let me know your type so we're not mixing results) and the percentages for each Big 5 category.**

Below is an overview of the Big 5 for those who are unfamiliar.

-----

[*From wikipedia:*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Five_personality_traits)

&gt; * **Openness** to experience (inventive/curious vs. consistent/cautious)  
Appreciation for art, emotion, adventure, unusual ideas, curiosity, and variety of experience. Openness reflects the degree of intellectual curiosity, creativity and a preference for novelty and variety a person has. It is also described as the extent to which a person is imaginative or independent and depicts a personal preference for a variety of activities over a strict routine. High openness can be perceived as unpredictability or lack of focus, and more likely to engage in risky behaviour or drug taking. Also, individuals that have high openness tend to lean towards being artists or writers in regards to being creative and appreciate the significance of the intellectual and artistic pursuits. Moreover, individuals with high openness are said to pursue self-actualization specifically by seeking out intense, euphoric experiences. Conversely, those with low openness seek to gain fulfillment through perseverance and are characterized as pragmatic and data-driven—sometimes even perceived to be dogmatic and closed-minded. Some disagreement remains about how to interpret and contextualize the openness factor.

&gt;* **Conscientiousness** (efficient/organized vs. easy-going/careless)  
A tendency to be organized and dependable, show self-discipline, act dutifully, aim for achievement, and prefer planned rather than spontaneous behavior. High conscientiousness is often perceived as stubbornness and obsession. Low conscientiousness is associated with flexibility and spontaneity, but can also appear as sloppiness and lack of reliability.

&gt;* **Extraversion** (outgoing/energetic vs. solitary/reserved)  
Energy, positive emotions, surgency, assertiveness, sociability and the tendency to seek stimulation in the company of others, and talkativeness. High extraversion is often perceived as attention-seeking, and domineering. Low extraversion causes a reserved, reflective personality, which can be perceived as aloof or self-absorbed. Extroverted people tend to be more dominant in social settings, opposed to introverted people who may act more shy and reserved in this setting.

&gt;* **Agreeableness** (friendly/compassionate vs. challenging/detached)  
A tendency to be compassionate and cooperative rather than suspicious and antagonistic towards others. It is also a measure of one's trusting and helpful nature, and whether a person is generally well-tempered or not. High agreeableness is often seen as naive or submissive. Low agreeableness personalities are often competitive or challenging people, which can be seen as argumentativeness or untrustworthiness.

&gt;* **Neuroticism** (sensitive/nervous vs. secure/confident)  
Neuroticism identifies certain people who are more prone to psychological stress. The tendency to experience unpleasant emotions easily, such as anger, anxiety, depression, and vulnerability. Neuroticism also refers to the degree of emotional stability and impulse control and is sometimes referred to by its low pole, "emotional stability". A high stability manifests itself as a stable and calm personality, but can be seen as uninspiring and unconcerned. A low stability expresses as a reactive and excitable personality, often very dynamic individuals, but they can be perceived as unstable or insecure. It has also been researched that individuals with higher levels of tested neuroticism, tend to have worse psychological well being.

[*From a peer-reviewed paper:*](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/0191886996000335):

&gt;The NEO-PI Agreeableness score was correlated only with the thinking-feeling (T-F) dimension; the NEO-PI Conscientiousness score was correlated with both thinking-feeling and judging-perceiving (J-P) dimension; the NEO-PI Extraversion score was strongly correlated with the extraversion-introversion (E-I) dimensions, while the Neuroticism score from the NEO-PI was not related to any MBTI subscale score. The openness dimension was correlated with all four especially sensing-intuitive.So I've noticed that people direct users to our sub sometimes to get the full table for each sub's link, and I thought I'd post the markdown and CSS we use here for our sidebar widget, in case anyone wanted to use it (I don't think any of the other subs have it up?). It's also totally find if nobody cares, just trying to be helpful :)

You can add a CSS widget under "Community Appearance" in Mod Tools, clicking on "Sidebar Widgets". Then click "Add Widget", then "Advanced" - this will give you the "Custom" option, which allows the use of CSS (CSS applies only to that individual widget).

Markdown:

    | | | | |
    :--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
    [ESTJ](http://www.reddit.com/r/ESTJ) | [ESTP](http://www.reddit.com/r/ESTP) | [ISTJ](http://www.reddit.com/r/ISTJ) | [ISTP](http://www.reddit.com/r/ISTP)
    [ESFJ](http://www.reddit.com/r/ESFJ) | [ESFP](http://www.reddit.com/r/ESFP) | [ISFJ](http://www.reddit.com/r/ISFJ) | [ISFP](http://www.reddit.com/r/ISFP)
    [ENFP](http://www.reddit.com/r/ENFP) | [ENFJ](http://www.reddit.com/r/ENFJ) | [INFP](http://www.reddit.com/r/INFP) | [INFJ](http://www.reddit.com/r/INFJ)
    [ENTP](http://www.reddit.com/r/ENTP) | [ENTJ](http://www.reddit.com/r/ENTJ) | [INTP](http://www.reddit.com/r/INTP) | [INTJ](http://www.reddit.com/r/INTJ)

CSS:

    body {
      letter-spacing: 0.5px;
      line-height: 12px;
      text-transform: uppercase;
      font-family: IBMPlexSans, sans-serif;
    }

    body [href$='/r/ESTJ'] {
      display: block;
      background: #fbdef2;
      color: #555555;
      font-weight: bold;
      font-size: 10px;
      text-align: center;
      margin: 0px -1px;
      padding: 20px 0px 0px 0px;
      min-width: 65px;
      min-height: 30px;
    }

    body [href$='/r/ESFJ'] {
      display: block;
      background: #f9e8e2;
      color: #555555;
      font-weight: bold;
      font-size: 10px;
      text-align: center;
      margin: 0px -1px;
      padding: 20px 0px 0px 0px;
      min-width: 65px;
      min-height: 30px;
    }

Etc. You'll need to have a body [href$=....] {} block for each type link in the table, but writing all 16 here would be overkill. Just copy/paste, change the '\/r\/XXXX' to correspond to each type link, and change the background color to have different colors in each box. The rest is the same for all the blocks.

The height of the widget should be set to 238.

Here's the color codes for the rest of the blocks if you want to copy the color scheme of ours (rainbow-ish):

| | |
:--:|:--:|:--:
ESTJ | #fbdef2
ESFJ | #f9e8e2
ISTJ | #eddaf9
ISFJ | #e5e7f0
ESTP | #f3daf5
ESFP | #efe6e9
ISTP | #e0d7fe
ISFP | #d6eaf8
ENFP | #f7f0d7
ENFJ | #edefe1
INFP | #e0f1ea
INFJ | #cef3f5
ENFP | #f6f7ce
ENTJ | #eaf6da
INTP | #dcf9e4
INTJ | #c8fbf3
Hey there!

As the title suggests, r/infj is looking for mods :)

To apply, please [fill out this google form](https://forms.gle/2Ljffm7wLmWE6MZF6) (don't worry, no personal information required). We are looking for people in all time zones, though outside of the US is a plus, who will be available to mod regularly, and who have a good working knowledge of MBTI. Modding experience is a plus but not required.

Thanks!

ETA: You do not have to be an INFJ to apply, just be able to consistently and promptly apply rules and interact in a professional manner. 🙂I crossed out all the irrelevant things for the S/N split in this case. (My mom is an ISFJ)

* She really hates movies she deems weird. (**SiFe**)

* Tends to be very helpful, even too much. (Tends to constantly remind me of things I still have to take care of if the topic comes up, doesn't stop talking for a minute once she begins and gets really serious) (**SiFe**)

* ~~Quite clumsy, usually at least drops something once or twice a day. (Usually drops some food during dinner)~~

* ~~Relatively cries often, compared to other people. Doesn't take that much to make her cry.~~

* ~~Tends to be lost in thought every now and then (well, looks like it to me, at least).~~

* ~~Tends to get angry at my (ISTP) dad every now and then.~~

* ~~Spends most of the day cleaning, doing the dishes, washing clothes, playing Professor Layton or puzzle games in general, and browsing Pinterest and Instagram for pictures for her bullet journaling hobby.~~

* Complains about a lot of stuff, physical pain, being sad, things other people said or did to her, not wanting to do the dishes, etc. (**SiFe**)

* ~~When angry, the mood around her becomes very uncomfortable, and she has that death glare. Replies to almost everything passive-aggressively with a really slow, deep voice. Tends to be very draining.~~

* ~~FWIW: she's left-wing. Believes everyone (especially handicapped people, autistic people and old people) should receive proper care and be treated well.~~lmfao....

*high five*I actually know a few INFJs with bullet journals. They don't appeal to me, personally, but they do offer some artistic expression in organization, which I think might be soothing to a stressed INFJ with the feeling that there's "too many things to keep track of." So that's why I left it off.[I did a poll of all the types from the various subreddits](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/89k2lv/big\_5\_correlations\_results) and posted the results. It's all self-reporting and not scientific, but it more or less matches up with the wikipedia link already posted (also referenced in my post, with other sources).Here's a Ni-dom doodle that I made:

https://www.reddit.com/r/entp/comments/7bxygm/you_guys_ask_what_ni_is_like_a_lot_so_i_give_you/

Edit: I also do the sort of free-form doodling that you linked for Ni, where you can't really see what it's like until you fill it in, so I'm inclined to say it's possible.

Edit edit: PS! In the link I gave you there's a link to a Ne-dom's re-interpretation of my Ni-dom doodlelink?Thanks!I wouldn't choose by profession? Assuming the rest of humanity isn't in that house, it makes the most sense to save the people who are least able to save themselves. I would probably try to save the child more than the adults (disability or not).

Whether they're famous or smart or talented doesn't really matter, it matters how many people I can get out, so whoever needs physical help getting out is coming with my and I'm yelling at the able-bodied ones to move and get out (maybe follow me).

But also I'm calling 911 before I do anything else. I can talk and move at the same time.

I'm an INFJ.Tell that to all the INFPs that think they're INFJs.

&gt;The only reason why there so many Ni doms sure of their type is because the Ni descriptions make them sound like demigods and they want to relate to it.

Implying they're not really Ni-doms.&gt; I still can’t help but feel for him yet somehow I don’t feel for his victims

This is different than "I feel for him and I also feel for his victims." If you think he's the victim here, or that you only feel bad for him, then yeah that's kind of fucked up.

You can feel empathy for humans who have done bad things. Humans are complicated, people are not just one thing. But it is absolutely worse to be drugged and raped than it is to be punished for drugging and raping someone.

Maybe you feel bad for him because you literally see him. He's a feeble old man at this point, and when you don't see the consequences of his actions on other people, you only see the consequences of his punishment on him. But really take the time to think of his victims. Accept that they are real people, who had real trauma that they had to work through. There is absolutely no excuse for what he did, and while it might be sad to see him being taken to jail as an old man, these are the consequences of his own actions. Punishment isn't supposed to be nice, and we live in a very vindictive society. 

Would it be justice if he were to be let off with no jail time, just because he got away with it long enough to now be old?

I understand feeling sorry for him on some level, but it absolutely does not take away from the fact that he is guilty and these are the consequences of being a predator.ISFPI'm assuming you never met Bill Cosby, so while your example of the mother and son is illuminating, it's still problematic. I'll also assume there are some people you think *should* be in jail, since this is the "only" case where you feel this way. What is it about Bill Cosby that absolves him of deserving punishment to you?

&gt;Cause I can accept he’s a flawed human who committed an immoral crime but I don’t see a monster because honestly I’ve read so much true crime and shit that the worst of the worst does not really shock me.

I'm going to venture to say you'd feel a lot different if he had drugged and raped you. Being desensitized to awful things might be a product of the modern age, but it doesn't make it healthy, and it certainly leads to a lack of empathy for victims.

Bill Cosby played a middle class, professional black man with solid family values, at a time when the black community needed an example of that in popular culture, not just for them, but for all of America. He was accepted, universally loved, and made being black something positive. And that was a good thing. He is also a monster for drugging and raping multiple women, using his fame and cover of wholesomeness to lure them into a false sense of safety.

These things coexist, he doesn't have to be just one or the other. Cliff Huxtable was a great invention, contributed by Bill Cosby, but his private criminal acts are not something that should be pushed aside just because he did something good before.

The fact that you see only one of those things when you look at him, and dismiss the other, is what people find off-putting. You say you accept that it's just "part of human nature", but you also say you don't find what he did to be that bad because you've watched "so much true crime." You are effectively dismissing his heinous actions because it's not like he murdered them. It's more sad to you that he's being punished than it is that all those women were scarred for life. *That* will not sit well with people.Well, maybe you should emphasize that last part if you want people to understand you more. They will generally assume that you feeling empathy and "sorry for" someone means you also think they shouldn't be facing the consequences of their actions. Because in general, "feeling sorry for someone" implies some sort of injustice or unfairness.

And maybe, instead of mourning the fate of Bill Cosby the person, you are mourning the fate of Bill Cosby the symbol.&gt;More that I saw an old man who had no one and that is what was sad to me.

It is sad, but ask yourself why no one was there for him. No one is obligated to stand by his side in light of what he's done. We're all ultimately alone - maybe that's what's impacting you.

&gt;I have not seen one bit of them nor read their accounts

I think you should. I think you should read their testimony, or at least summaries of it. Ignoring that part while holding onto your sympathy for Cosby is a bit dishonest.

&gt;Yes I feel sorry for Bill Cosby the symbol. I feel sorry for Bill Cosby who was once an infant. Bill Cosby the child...

I understand this. It's tragic when people throw away things we value. But no one forced him to do anything - he made his choices.

My ideal justice system rehabilitates, instead of only punishing. So from that perspective, I understand feeling bad, mourning the person you wish he could have been. But it's also very very important to recognize that he is not the person you wish he was. Projecting that loss onto the man who actually is...that's dismissive of his actual victims. You need to be clear and honest about how you feel when expressing it to others. As stated, you sound like you don't care about those women he raped.

Do a bit more introspection before you express your feelings on it - not everyone is as willing to ask questions and give you the benefit of the doubt as some. Case in point, angry Fi on r/infp."You should be in charge of more things"

"You should go into politics, I'd vote for you"

"You should write a blog, people would read it"

*please kill me*Mostly I just want to go home to my dog and rule the world as a hobby :PI say these things to ENTP SO, though I'm not as much of an asshat about it as these are phrased. 

I just ask if anything is wrong - I'm usually right in thinking something is, but that took some calibration of learning him and his cues. When he says he's "just tired" watch me try to keep my mouth shut, lol. Like, I know the difference between tired and pissy after 4 years, but ok, you don't want to talk about it, got it.

I don't say things aren't a big deal or that he's blowing them out of proportion, but I will say that maybe he needs to think about things in a larger context, or that maybe he's investing too much in the outcome. Things can be important to him as much as they're important to him, I just don't like to see him feeling overwhelmed so I try to help. But I'm not gonna tell him how to feel.

But yeah, I'm more blunt than him. I think because he uses Fe lower down, he's more sensitive to the fact that he might not be using it well, or inadvertently stepping on toes. I'm more comfortable with it, and therefore I'll be in favor of just cutting through the bullshit, depending on the situation, while remaining confident I'm not crossing the line, because I know how to play it.Mental illness is not correlated with MBTIMods can just make flair editable, though I suspect they don't want that or they would have done it already. You're asking for like 4x the current flair, which is 64 options. A bit overwhelming.

By the way, you **flaunt** your looks or your wardrobe or your fancy car. You **flout** rules and conventions.You can't add flair on the mobile app or mobile web version. You have to go to the desktop version, it's at the top of the sidebar on the right.That's post flair, not user flair. But thanks for telling me I'm wrong without reading the context.I'm gonna say ISFP, actually. Anxiety about having a plan is low Te, and your overall tone and demeanor say SeFi (telling people to get to the point, to just tell you the answer, being uninterested in the larger abstract system, etc.)Not offense, but the relationship will lose something. Either you didn't feel comfortable enough with me to be truthful, or you're so insecure that you can't own up to the truth no matter how benign (in the case of "white" lies here), or you just find it no big deal to create a false perception. None of those are attractive options to me.

That said, there's a difference between privacy and not divulging things and lying. I consider it a person's absolute right to not share things with me, and don't consider that lying. And skirting an issue or playing it down to avoid talking about it is a cue to me to back off and I'm not offended by it. I would prefer is they'd say "I don't want to talk about this thing" but I'm ok with more subtle cues, especially if it's a sensitive topic for them. The ramifications for the relationship might be negative in the case of close ties like best friends or significant others, but that's up to them.You can see them in our sidebar. They basically shade across the rainbow without being too bright. They're legacy but also subtle and we like them.Realistically speaking, a trolley like that will be detailed after just a few people, so I'm not gonna pull the lever on myself.That's fine. I'm not sacrificing myself for strangers realistically. n would need to be astronomical.Whoops! Not a silly question and I meant to mention that you don't have to be an INFJ. Edited the post, thanks! :)🙂❤️
&gt; How to help an ESTP that is experiencing stress:    

Glad I have accidentally followed all those steps to help my ESTP, ha. Thanks for sharing this! Bookmarked in case I need little reminders on how to help him when he's stressed/I don't know how to help.Creepin' on you.. haha. But, you might be a fun mix of ESTP and INFJ.INFJ.    

Language (4.71), Self (3.86), Musical (3.71)    

Nature was almost tied with musical.Dating/seeing an ESTP right now. I am extremely relaxed around him. He's loads of fun and does lots of little things that just make me laugh and laugh. He comes across a little serious at times. Quick wit. Strong views. Direct. Maybe a tad ADHD.    

At times I wish he was a little more.. love-y? Romantic? Showed more emotion? But, just when I start feeling that way he'll ask me to sit next to him and he'll want to snuggle. Or he'll say, "You look pretty." Or.. dunno. He just will do something I didn't expect and my heart could just pop right outta my damn chest.    

He makes me feel safe. I think he secretly loves that I love holding onto his arms. We pick up on each others thoughts/feelings without realizing it. The other night we made dinner together and I was feeling down, but didn't want to bring up and discuss my feelings with him - cuz he's expressly said he doesn't like that. But, without even saying I was feeling blue he just seemed to know. He was a little less sharp with me and randomly picked me up and carried me in a circle around the living room and back into the kitchen just to get me laughing.    

So far he shows pretty strong ESTP qualities. I love that I can trust him. I know where I stand and what he's thinking. I also enjoy that I can be like: hey, let's go see a movie! Or.. hey, I want ice cream RIGHT now. And he's in. Everywhere we go he has to say something to someone and, thankfully, he doesn't drag me into the conversation, but I enjoy listening to him banter/argue with strangers.    

/endgushingINFJ here and I see a lot of stereotypes that whenever INFJs do something/anything it has to be "for a cause" / for a reason / towards a goal, etc. Sure, I usually have an end goal or planned destination as to what I'm working on. But, there are days where I do shit just because I want to. I go with the flow. If a friend calls me and throws off my plans for the night sometimes I go with it and it doesn't bother me that there is no "deeper purpose". Sometimes you just want to go out and drink all the whiskey in the bar because WHY NOT.    

Otherwise I pretty much fit into the rest of INFJ stereotypes.&gt; This was one of the reasons i struggled in school and i never understood it until fairly recently.    

Dude, yes. Same here but it took me a long time to figure that out.
Agreed. Close friend is an ENFJ and she is way too optimistic to accurately read anyone.
You call it stubborn. I call it loyalty to ideals.Depends when I found the fault, who told me, how they told me, where I'm located or where I'm going in life - basically, it depends on the context. I usually do apologize, but never without a completely brand new ideal that accounts for their annoying facts (this usually destroys the old ideal). It becomes win-win: my friends feel good for proving me wrong and enjoy my humility, and I feel good for now having access to an *even better* ideal than before!Wow! INFJ here, and I just become a Buddhist/ Taoist and seeing the well-being and tangible results immediately.

Taoism literally appeals to all of my cognitive functions.

**Dominant Ni** - Yin/Yang forces me to perceive paradoxes constantly. Super easy for me.

**Auxiliary Fe** - Once you perceive these paradoxes, one must flow them in order to maintain harmony with them.

**Tertiary Ti** - "Does this make sense?" It does the deeper you dig into it. You just feel super wise and "knowing."

**Inferior Se** - now you must perceive the Dao, and become one with it. Basically embracing [Wu-Wei](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wu_wei?wprov=sfla1) and going Zen.*First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.*No way! I become a real douchebag the longer it takes for me to "get away" from people/humanity. Auxiliary Fe allows me to deal with and even enjoy talking with people - I can play the role, so to speak - but I almost always enjoy pleasantly positive Ni-Ti looping sessions far more.What do you mean? Are you asking for a description of how I talk in real-time social situations?Basically the exact same way, which happens automatically, and was something I never noticed until I discovered what extraverted feeling was all about. Alone, I come to all my own original insights and judgment about the world, my family, nation, ex cetera along with what should be done, and how to go about it. With others - all that goes out the window in favor of something more accomadating, more tailored to my audience. 

My own judgments simply become less important, less salient, in favor providing insights to them in a way they would be receptive to.I used to hate 'em, but I gotta concede: any high IQ sensing-type, especially the extraverted sensing type - impresses the hell out of me. They collect data, facts and figures like nobody's business, helping to augment my intuition that much further. Add to this really good improvisational wit and conversational skills, and I can't help but feel a little envious. Hm, well - in my case - I've simply practiced using my dominant intuition through a great deal of random writing, reflecting, writing down those reflections, reading tons of everything, and being addicted to information. Also, during long commutes to work, I speak outloud like I'm rehearsing for a script reading, where I talk about whatever insights come to mind in an improvisational manner. Finally, after all this mental chaos and unfocused verbiage, my introverted Ti comes to a point where it's like "Okay, enough! This! This right here makes sense!"

These..."conclusions"...no, that's not the right word, because if I'm honest with myself they just *feel* absolute at the present moment. They are just part of a cycle between chaos into order and then back into chaos, and so on. None of it's final, all of it ephemeral.Fantastic response! Read the whole thing!

I love the the "Good or Evil" judgment call during social interactions.

I don't know about other INFJs, but I know my Fe *never* let's me do that. Everyone is either "Good or Misguided?" That's it. Yay, harmony! In person, I rarely get flustered these days because whenever someone bothers me -- *click* -- oh, he's just misguided, let me play along to help him understand.

And then I exit the social interaction, and enter the dark, cold place of Ni-Ti. "Good and Evil" rear it's ugly head very...ruthlessly.INFJ here.

I treat arguments and debates differently. 

In debates, I believe our goal is to achieve a shared understanding, and so I respond very carefully, prefacing my claims with "I speculate this" or "from what I know," and so on. I ask a lot of questions, define terms, and stay logical. 

Arguments - however - the goal isn't shared understanding, but to make the other person look or seem dumb whether they are or not. I hate arguing, but I can do it very well, because it's primarily rhetoric and wit. I don't ask any questions in an argument, I make wild absolutist claims backed by nothing but cleverness and backhanded insults against my opponent. I ignore my worst positions and change the "debate" into something I can "win."

If I get defensive or triggered in arguments, they win. So I really try not to.

Arguments establish and enforce social hierarchies. Debates maintain social harmony in favor of growing understanding. Until Reddit, I never knew the difference. Many people mix the two.

**Edit:** whoops, answered only the second question. I don't think INFJs argue the best. Te users do.YepArguments literally make me sick to my stomach and very stressed unless I'm defending a friend or a good cause, but debates I truly enjoy.Nice. I imagine a pissed off FJ would be great at inspiring people to commit evil actions with cult-like devotion. I bet more than a few religious inquisition purges/crusade were driven by some NFJ priest getting carried away by ideology, and encouraging others to do the same.When I'm not being charismatic, funny, diplomatic, nice, loving, supportive and caring with my friends, co-workers and strangers - basically, whenever I'm alone in the darkness of my mind...

*I hate everyone and everything, and I'm very, very upset you don't know this and can never know this because that would ruin everything.*

Otherwise I'm a perfectly nice guy.What's his gamer tag?Another pretentious post signaling for downvotes. I sense a troll...hmm...fuck it, I'll bite.

I know "complex" isn't the right word to phrase any of this, because in any given hour I bounce between genius and idiot complete with all the positive and negative emotions associated with it. On a good day, I merely call myself "paradoxical" and be done with it.

Essentially, Ni keeps my mind looking for patterns, connections, potential and possibilities. Fe constantly searches for contextual variables, signs of social norms and violations, signals of harmony and disharmony, opportunities of adaptability and flexibility (Fe) over effectiveness and efficiency (Te) etc. Combined together, you get an insane attempt to create (or harmonize with) a holistic metaphysical framework over the very irrational, chaotic realm of human relationships.

But wait? Does this framework make any sense? Let's find out with Ti. No? Go back and try again, and again, and again. Ni-Ti looping for hours. Get out there with Fe and attempt to harmonize with something. Failure? Damn it. Try again. Success? Awesome! Add to a universal principle among human relationships/existence...wait...damn it, nevermind.

Ok, not paradoxical, going with "unfinished labyrinth" drawn up by a bipolar madman where sometimes you can't even get out of the maze and the paths change at random.

In conclusion, this "unfinished labyrinth" is an attempt to create order out of the super-disorderly contextual realm of interpersonal madness. If things go well, the mind becomes *less* complex. If not, well, insanity can be quite...liberating.Whaa really? How's that work? All my best friends are INTJs, which I chalked up to our shared Dominant Intuitions and inferior Se. Then again, I skipped right over Fe and developed my Ti a great deal in order to speak like a scientist.INFJ - Libertarian.INFJ or ENFJ make for great villains IMO, especially if protagonist must cut through innocent but fanatical believers ready to die for an ideal. Not to mention NJ martyr complex can make for a very consistent, the "captain must go down with the ship" villain whose actually in it for the vision and not him or herself.Your flair lies to me! T_T

You can skip over functions if you're terribly unhealthy and believe emotions undermine your ability to be objective and desperately want to fit the role of "Scientist" and "rational." Ni-Ti looping...permits it at a severe cost to happiness. I got to a point where I physically punished myself for every emotion I had, believing emotions themselves to be the cause of all my problems and misery. I simply couldn't see the value in them whatsoever.Ah, a straightforward question.

First, [empathetic boys attract more female friends](http://www.psypost.org/2016/06/teenage-boys-show-empathy-attract-1-8-girlfriends-boys-dont-43305), and highly sensitive men tend to have more empathy. So according to this [random blog on the internet](https://insideperspectives.wordpress.com/mbti-neurodiversity/)...

&gt;&gt; HSP [Highly sensitive person]: **INFJ** (42), **INFP** (10), **ENFP** (6), **ENFJ** (5), **ISFJ** (5) of total 77

Pretty much if you're a conflict-adverse, harmony-seeking male idealist in touch with his fee-fees, you're leaning towards the friend zone. Good news is subclinical Dark Triad characteristics win in short-term dating but not long-term. Bad news is Dark Triad characteristics win. Definitions forthcoming from [Psychology Today](https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/adventures-in-dating/201406/dating-the-dark-triad)...

&gt;&gt; subclinical narcissist displays “grandiosity, entitlement, dominance, and superiority” 

...or in its softer forms: confidence, assertiveness, knowing what you want and how to get it.

&gt;&gt; a subclinical psychopath is a person with “high impulsivity and thrill-seeking along with low empathy and anxiety”

...in softer form: fun, interesting, edgy, and cool. Now from a [random blog on the internet](http://scottbarrykaufman.com/the-dark-triad-and-impulsivity/), drawing from Peter Johanson's many studies on the subject...

&gt;&gt;They have found across multiple studies that those scoring high on the Dark Triad are characterized by a distinct psychological profile of personality traits and social strategies, displaying higher **extroversion**, **openness to experience**, and self-esteem while being **less agreeable, neurotic, conscientious, and altruistic.**

Likely nice guys: INFJ, INFP, ENFP, ENFJ, ISFJ

Being agreeable, neurotic, conscientious (!), and altruistic is a no-no for short-term mating success. For the badasses (I don't agree with the label "asshole"), look for extroversion (E over I), low neuroticism (T over F), impulsive (P over J), a high competitive drive (T over F), open-minded adaptability (P over J), etc. So...

ESTP (probably the highest badass rating), ENTJ, ESTJ, ISTP (?)

After that, my guess is everyone else falls in-between.First, relax. That's hardly worth getting triggered over. I literally just wrote a post about how undesirable of a mate I am relative to my shadow and I ain't stressin'.

Second, [a psychometric evaluation of the Highly Sensitive Person Scale: The components of sensory-processing sensitivity and their relation to the BIS/BAS and “Big Five”](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/229180841_A_psychometric_evaluation_of_the_Highly_Sensitive_Person_Scale_The_components_of_sensory-processing_sensitivity_and_their_relation_to_the_BISBAS_and_Big_Five).

&gt;&gt;...the current results support a three-component structure consisting of Aesthetic Sensitivity (AES), Low Sensory Threshold (LST), and Ease of Excitation (EOE)...**AES showed the strongest relation with Openness to Experience, while LST and EOE were found to be most closely associated with Neuroticism.**

TIL there's different kinds of HSP-ness out there. Nice.

Also, it isn't a stretch to deduce that neuroticism (in its various forms) is more of an F-thing than a T-thing. Everyone gets caught in the grip. Some more likely than others. Fs more likely than Ts.

EDIT: In retrospective speculation, SFs would be less neurotic than NFs, so N over S could lead to more neuroticism as well, with NF much more likely. The plot thickens...INFJ / ESTP pairing should lead to an interesting brand of masochism, but if they're both healthy, anything is possible albeit improbable.&gt;I think Ni is basically a screwed up nervous system. 

This part I agree with every single day.Oh snap, new account just created called us out! Totally take him seriously!
&gt;I know it's an MBTI online culture thing to say that INFJs are the most empathetic type but I'm not too sure.

&gt;To be the most empathetic, they would have to be the most capable of sharing/understanding someone else's feelings?

I personally think INFJs are more likely to be empaths, but that doesn't mean they are the most empathetic type.  

An empath is going to feel exactly what another person is feeling, someone who is empathetic will understand how they are feeling.  If an empath is around someone who is sad, they are going to feel sad too.  If I was just empathetic I would understand the feeling of sadness, but I wouldn't necessarily feel sad in that moment.  

As someone who is an Empath and HSP I have to shut myself out in order to function in society.  I cannot work directly with large amounts of people for long periods of time.  I refuse to have jobs such as doctor, nurse, therapist...etc because I think it would be unhealthy or even dangerous for me to constantly be surrounding myself with sick or unstable people.  

I know I come off as cold or standoffish, but I have to.  When I go shopping at the mall I put in noise canceling headphones and blast music.  I try to make it as quick as a trip as possible, but even 30 minutes can drain me completely.   I almost always have headphones in because I need to cancel out my surroundings.  

I've been aware of this for a while now, long enough to learn that I cannot be empathetic to every person I meet.  I know you are sad, I know your life sucks, but I cannot help you.  

I would say unless you are a really close friend or family you would think I was not a very empathetic person, and it's because I choose not to be towards you.  I care deeply for certain people, and that is all that I can handle.  

I think an ISFJ might be one of the most empathetic.    

Edit: Instead of just downvoting, you could respond, I would love to keep the discussion going.  I strongly believe what I said, but I like hearing others thoughts.  





&gt;Our type of empathy may be different from other types'. For instance, the INFP empathy involves around one's own past experiences and emotions ("I understand why you feel that way because I have experienced something similar). The INFJ empathy is more in-the-moment and we are placed into another's shoes ("I understand how you feel because I have absorbed your emotions and I am currently feeling the same emotions)

The INFP empathy is just empathy, and any type could feel that.

The INFJ empathy is an empath or hsp, and it also doesn't only apply to INFJs.  I actually know INTJs who have it too.  Also, being an INFJ doesn't automatically make you an empath.    

Someone who is empathetic is not the same as an empath.  And just because you are an empath, doesn't automatically make you more empathetic than someone else.  

The thing about being an empath is you either are one or you aren't, it's not something you can learn.  So it's very common that people who aren't empaths don't understand, and often think it's not possible.  

HSP stands for Highly Sensitive Person, which is basically a trait of being an empath.  It's not necessarily something I like about myself, and I try and hide it to the best of my abilities, sometimes I act like a bitch who doesn't care, when I actually do, I just don't wanna seem crazy or over emotional  

I don't like being highly sensitive because it's just not accepted by society and I've been made fun of for it my entire life.  

I like being an empath, but even that hurts me. 

I come off cold and standoffish, because I have to detach myself from people and emotions.  When you have the ability to absorb and feel what other people feel, it can make it really difficult to understand your own feelings.  Am I mad because someone around me is mad, or am I mad because I'm just mad? A lot of people have told me I look very serious and almost disturbed, and that's because I spend most of my time figuring out what the hell I'm feeling, and why.  

It's pretty weird, and I don't talk about it, and I don't tell many people because most people don't think it's possible, and that hurts my feelings, almost more than anything.  If you want to hurt me, all you have to say is "you don't understand".  If you want to hit me where it hurts, those three words will do more damage than anything else.  

Sensitive Yes! 

I love INTJS, and the ones I know in person are nothing like that sub. It makes me wonder if that's what they act like online. Although my intj friend loves reddit but won't create an account because he doesn't feel the need to comment. Its strange, and I'm secretly jealous. What's normal?EntertainingI slightly disagree.  I have an ISFJ friend who LOVES to stand out and be different.  She sews cosplay outfits and wears them for photoshoots for fun.  She has made every single prom dress.  She loves finding vintage outfits and I would say she dresses more 1950s than 2016.  She just loves being different like that, always has been.  She might be an exception, though.  

A lot of my ISFJ female friends love dressing "classy" and more feminine.  I guess the ISFJs that I know don't seem normal or dressing or acting like everyone else.  

I see my ISFJ friends as more traditional, and because they don't want to act like everyone else, or do what the rest of society is doing, they end up sticking out as different.  

Extroverted doesn't mean outgoing, and Introverted doesn't mean shy.  

Sometimes I think INFJs think too highly of themselves.  I don't mind people who are confident, but they often talk about how understanding they are and how great of counselors they can be.  It just annoys me.  

There are quite a few INFJs who aren't like that and are really fun to talk to.  I feel like the INFJ sub goes through cycles.  Sometimes the community rocks and the conversations are golden, but every couple of months it gets bad.  I don't really know how to describe it, but the posts are super annoying most people don't even sound like INFJs.  


 Will we get to see results?I like texting but none of my friends seem to.  They all suck at responding, so I mostly just use it to make plans or pass on information or plan a phone call.  

When I met an INTJ he was the worst texter ever.  It confused me because I always assumed that was their preferred method of communication.  My friend forced me to ask him to talk on the phone which I did and I was so damn nervous.  He definitely preferred the phone over text, which I kinda hate and love at the same time.  I honestly don't talk to anyone on the phone unless I have to.  Not even my best friends or family.  Talking to him on the phone helped me gain more confidence and I got a lot more comfortable talking to others.  

I honestly would rather text than talk, but if we have to talk I would rather talk in person.  

The only downfall with texting is miscommunication happens often.  I read too much into what people say or don't say and it causes a lot of stress for me.  

Sometimes if I'm having a bad day I'll vent a 4-page text to my ENFP best friend and she won't respond.  She says it's too hard to respond by text, but it really hurts me when I don't even get a short response telling me she saw the message.  

I guess I don't wanna place a lot of pressure on people about texting, but we are on our phones all day long and use it for almost everything, sending a quick text letting me know you are busy and can't respond this minute is better than making me feel totally rejected.  



Dairy QueenI don't hate being typed, I hate being defined.  

Probably not.  More likely ISFJ or lets just consider the fact that not all INFJs act the same.  INFJ

13

Almost every single day

I usually just throw on mascara because I don't really have acne or feel the need to wear foundation.  I work at a bar and when I have those shifts I usually do my eyes as well.  

I don't really like the process of putting on makeup, but I like the way I look which I why I do it. 

Eye makeup can take forever which annoys me at times.  

Nude lips

I just have Mac eyeshadow, that's all I know.  

I don't feel the need to contour.  Maybe for a wedding or something, but it just seems like too much work.  

I have deep set eyes so I can't do winged eyeliner.  I do smokey often, though.  
What is it about each of those types that makes you think you are both? I see.  

I'm going to go ahead and recommend you do look into the cognitive functions and not just the descriptions of the types.  

You don't have to be an ENFJ or even an extrovert to care about people as much as you do, and you definitely don't need to be an INTP or even a thinking type to think rationally or logically.  

I'm an INFJ and I do relate to a lot of what you said, so were gonna need more information about you, but I think if you look into the functions you will better understand how they work and which ones relate to you the best.  

My best friend is an ISFJ and I was convinced she was actually an INTP.  They have the same functions, just in a different order.  After we did the test and talked about it all I was able to understand how she was actually an ISFJ.  And for an ISFJ like herself, she is very outgoing, loves people, is one of the best listeners and gives amazing advice.  

I have a hunch you are in fact an ISFJ, and there is nothing wrong with that.  Can you tell me what an extrovert is?

I am curious what your definition of one is.  That might give me a better idea of what you are.  How involved with people do you need to be?  What is your job/career? 

One thing I have noticed with ENFJs is they all have to be super involved in people's lives.  Not just hanging out with people, but they want to know what is going on in your life, and they like to push you to do better, whatever they think that might be.  

I've had ENFJs make a huge difference in my life, but as much as I love them I hate how involved they feel they need to be.  They do it with almost every person they meet too.  

Do you feel like you get super involved in other people's lives? Wanting to know what their goals or dreams are and then pushing them to achieve them? Or do you envision yourself what you think they should be doing and then try and get them to follow your vision? 

I do really well hands on too, but I have really strong listening skills and remember almost everything that is spoken to me. I work at a bar and was a barista and I think those jobs really help, but even in class lectures are my favorite because to me it feels like a conversation and I just understand it better. I am a terrible reader and just can't keep my eyes focused on paper long enough to understand it. The best roommate I've ever had was an ENTJ.  We agreed on everything and living with her was always so simple.  We both liked the house a little warmer than usual.  We could wear each other's clothing and it was never an issue.  We shared food and it was never a problem.  We shared everything and it always worked.  

We weren't necessarily best friends, but I could talk to her about anything and I always felt like I could trust her.  

She was also Australian and its always made me wonder if that is why.  I've had plenty of other roommates of all different types, but she will always be my favorite.  No one has ever come close.  I'm American btw.  

I don't know if it has anything to do with type because I've been roommates with an ESFP and that was absolute hell on earth, but I've also been roommates with an ESFP who was awesome.  

I have had a lot of roommates over the years because I've traveled a lot, I think maturity and knowing how to set proper boundaries is what will make or break it.  The worst living situations I've ever had were people who never had rules and didn't know how to properly communicate.   They LOVE to be the center of attention.  Have an unreal amount of energy for people.  Love to debate, anything and everything.  Are very Live in the Moment type of people too.  

They are the easiest type for me to spot.  I grew up with an ESTP brother and I've known a handful so I know that type pretty well.  

I love them, they are one of my favorite types, and I'm not trying to be insulting by what I said, but it is true, and those characteristics are easy to spot.  &gt; I don't really talk with most of them anymore. Something about being at home, and around them all the time makes me not want to be around them anymore


That is why I no longer live with friends.  It's better now that I am older, but I grew to dislike a lot of friends because I lived with them.  I just wanted a life outside of 'home' and that meant they couldn't be apart of that.  Some people just don't understand that I need space from them so when I don't invite you out it's not because I dislike you, it's just that I need to get away for a bit.  My sensitivity.  I sometimes hate it because I don't want to be sensitive, but I'm 24 and I still don't know how to shut it off.  I don't want to be hurt by criticism, I don't want people to feel like they have to walk on eggshells around me, I don't want my day to be ruined by one angry person.  

I think my brother is an INFP and he is my favorite person. I feel so safe and comfortable around him. We don't hang out much but when we do its like we're best friends. Even growing up with him out of everyone in my family he was always the most understanding. 

It might be harder as a male but i bet you are greatly appreciated. INFJ: self, social, and body movementSame order?Thought so. ESTP

Are those even INFJ qualties?I feel like ESTJs already do a good job of that. Those are my parents types and im an INFJ. 

Mom was the hardest to get along with and has crossed the line one too many times, but my dad is my favorite person in the world. We have always had a really strong relationship. 

Its not type, its maturity and emotional health.  http://imgur.com/jikw9S6 

INFJ 24 America Wait, what did they say???Are you asking what I can do that makes people hate me, or what I hate that people do? 

The responses sound like people are just saying what they hate....

Just need clarification.   

I feel this way about every single type.  

INTJ sub is probably my least favorite and I've never met an INTJ I hate in real life, they are actually one of my favorites, currently dating one.  INFJ, INTP, INFP, ENFP ENFJ...etc.  Those are the types of some of my best friends in real life, but again, pretty annoying online. 

I think it's just online culture, if anything.  People are behind a screen talking to people who will never know who they are so they feel like they can say whatever they want.  

I love MBTI, but I can only visit these subs occasionally because of how fake it all seems.  

I'm an INFJ and I'd like to go out to a fancy dinner, and then just spend the rest of the day with him alone.  For me, I either love them or hate them. I'm a girl and I've never met a guy INFJ that I've disliked, but female INFJs tend to rub me the wrong way.  That's just immaturity.  My best friend is an ISFJ and there are more differences of opinion between us than similarities.  It doesn't change anything, its been 12 years and we are both aware we don't agree on certain topics, but I can't imagine ever letting it end our friendship.

Even if she wasn't an ISFJ, I don't think that's behavior of any specific type.  Although, I have met one INFJ who posted on facebook telling people to unfollow/unfriend her if they didn't believe certain things.  I unfriended her because I don't want close-minded people in my life, even though I had very similar beliefs to her.    

Let her go, you don't need those people in your life, no one does.  My best friend, ISFJ, is a mess, clothes and papers and just junk everywhere.  Previous roommate, also ISFJ, was a neat freak.  She was extremely tidy, loved doing the dishes, cleaning just relaxed her, everyone always calls her a homemaker.  

My mom and another previous roommate are INFPs and they are messy too.  They just leave all their stuff randomly throughout the house.  Currently living with an INFP and she is probably the cleanest of us all.  

Living with an ENFP right now and her room is a disaster.  She doesn't care.  I have another best friend who is ENFP and she is very neat and mostly organized.  

I wanna say cleanliness is related to MBTI, but I don't think it is.  

I myself am an INFJ and I am extremely neat and organized.  I can't think in clutter and cleaning also relaxes me.  

My mom INFP is a speech therapist for children, an author, works in ministry at the church, ran a daycare at one point and time. Also, runs a small business making greeting/get well...etc cards.  She took a calligraphy course in college that she really enjoyed.  She also did ASL which she still uses today. My mom needs variety and change.  Most of the jobs she has had have been with children, but she's only worked them for 3-6 years max.  

My mom got a bachelor's in speech pathology and went straight to get her masters after because she knew they would probably require it later one, she was right.  

We're not rich by any means, but she has always been happy with her work and has always enjoyed it.  
My two best friends of 13 years are ENFP and ISFJ. Met them both in middle school. 

I went to a different high school and my group of friends consisted of ENFP, ENTJ, and INTP. 

A roommate I had was an INFP. That relationship is one of the most important to me.  I was going through some really difficult things and she was there for me through it all.  She knew exactly how I wanted to be comforted and helped.  My favorite part was that it felt like she wasn't even trying. Her ability to help came naturally. She doesn't even realize how much of a difference she made in my life. I worked with another INFJ and I've never disliked someone more than her. 

She was one of the reasons I ended up quitting. She created the most toxic environment and everyone else just put up with it. It was like she knew how to manipulate people into getting her way and they felt bad for her or something. She knew she had mental health issues and she told people so she could use it as an excuse not to work. 

I understand mental illnesses, but I have no sympathy for people who purposely use them to their own advantage. 


 I guess she had anxiety and other issues so if she was having a bad day she would use it to get out of doing the majority of the chores that needed to be done.  It's just annoying because we shouldn't have to cater to that.  If you can't work because you have extreme mental health issues then you need to quit and get help, don't make our jobs more difficult.  My manager was definitely a big part of the problem because he enabled it, which is essentially why I decided to quit.  
Even with all the trauma, she has been through, there is no way she's an INFJ.  I always heard people say Derrick was the INFJ and she was ISTP.  My mom and brother are both INFPs.  I partially agree with the INFJ part, but it's not necessarily a leader of a cause.  I've noticed from the guys I've dated that I seek after intelligence more than anything else, and usually, really smart people tend to make a lot of money, but gold digger makes me sounds bad, so let's not call it that.  

My brother is an INFP, and he's pretty normal and fits in really well, from my point of view.

Played sports growing up, football, baseball, wrestling.  Has a solid group of friends, everyone likes him. Studies broadcast journalism and loves it. Great leadership skills, although he won't do it unless you ask him.  

I guess I don't know what society expects, but I think he's doing just fine.  

I always thought ESTP&gt;Do you know her in real life? 

Do you?

&gt;You're relying on character traits instead of motivations/actions

What are Taylor Swifts motivations? Money, fame, and attention.  

What are her actions? Writing songs about how terrible boys were to her, and make millions off it.  To manipulate people into thinking she is the victim and all these guys wronged her.  Taylor Swift loves revenge.  

Everything Taylor Swift does is for herself.  I have two friends INFP and ENTJ and they get along really well.  They are so different from each other, but from what I see, they just click. 

It's an interesting combo for sure, but from an outsiders viewpoint, I love them together.  is it more of a one-on-one thing? 

That last bit was extremely difficult to follow about your friends.
 

 



Lots of people and lots of info.  It reminded me of those awful math questions where they ask about a bunch of people and you have to figure our their ages, LOL.  You seriously care about what someone uses as their username?    It's the same for me.  I just don't connect with those types.  

I've never been able to reach that level where I can be completely honest and real with them.  

I listen closely to how people respond to others. If they come off judgmental or argumentative then I will never share something personal with them.  I always feel like they want to debate and discuss EVERYTHING, but I'm not always looking to do that, I just wanna share and feel understood, not picked apart.  

I have met a handful that I like, I just haven't been able to get close to them, beyond a casual relationship.  The older ENFJs get like that, but the ones my age are way better at just being a good friend.  

I have two my age, a guy and a girl.  Awesome people to talk to, great people to be there when you are going through shit, and the best people to make you feel special and loved.  I grew up with an ESTJ dad.  The I'm right you're wrong, my way or the highway drove me nuts.  And I'm just naturally stubborn so I disobeyed just because I knew it would make him mad.  I wanted to take his ability to control me away.  

We have a way better relationship now that I am older, and I really do respect him.  We still fight and disagree about a lot, but we are a lot more mature about it.  I'm not reading thatSimilarminds is the worst test.  I got ESTJ.  I've taken it in the past too and it gave me ISTJ.  The questions were weird and didn't make a ton of sense as to how it would come up with a type.  

Johns gave me 62% INTJ, and 9% INFJ

16personalites always gives me INTJ. 

I was professionally typed as an INFJ and the cognitive functions and descriptions match me the best.  

I've used 16personalites in the past to type other people and it hasn't been that bad, but it gives people the idea that they are a certain percentage of their letters, which isn't how MBTI works.  

I personally just study the functions and take the people who I do know and use them as a guideline for typing others or helping people figure out their type.  
I space out when I am under a lot of stress, and it can get pretty bad.  I've walked onto the wrong buses and ended up on the other side of town before realizing it. Walked into the wrong rooms at work and having other people ask me what the hell I'm doing... I've even driven to the wrong destinations.

I think I'm good at paying attention to my surroundings so when I start zoning out and making obvious mistakes that's when you know something is bothering me.   This is deleted, but I'm going to comment anyways.  

In r/INFJ at least 3 times a month an INFJ will post about not having any friends, not having deep relationships...blah blah blah.

So I think it's hilarious for an INFJ to make that statement about extroverts.  

Most INFJs want these deep relationships, strong connections...etc, but they want them right away.  They forget that relationships can take years to develop.  So when an INFJ isn't feeling like the friendship is enough for them, they walk away, and then they whine that everyone is fake and shallow.  

INFJs also are the most likely to go after the weak, then try to be their hero, and then abandon them.  In my opinion, INFJs are flakey and are clueless when it comes to being a 'REAL' friend.  

Yes.  We're trying to fix it up in INFJ and it's just not going well at all.  

Maybe it's just time to move on.  I discovered INFJ and other MBTI related subs about 2 years ago and really enjoyed them, but now most posts have nothing to do with MBTI.  It's okay at times, but INFJ is getting so clogged up with stupid posts. 

I feel like it turns away other types from wanting to come and discuss with us.  We used to get lots of INTJs and ENTPs and ENFJs over at INFJ, but I've seen less and less of it every week.  

To me, these subreddits are for discussing MBTI related topics, and that's what I want to see more of.  I want posts that invite discussion.   ISFJ roommate used to write me notes/letters.  Drove me insane.  I always heard her talk shit behind my back, and I just wanted her to get mad at me in person, so I could fix what I was doing.  The notes just anger me and make me less likely to do what she wanted.  

I grew up with an ESTJ dad who basically said unless you ask/speak directly I'll never know what you want.  So passive aggressive behavior now is a huge pet peeve of mine.  I have yet to meet an ENTP or ESTP who match either of those descriptions.  My INTJ friend loves history, majored in it.  We went to high school together and had an amazing history teacher.  I never thought history was interesting until I had him.  My INTJ friend told me that teacher was the reason he decided to major in history. 

Looking at the comments I don't think it's related to type much.  I don't really enjoy history, but historical fiction is my favorite genre to read.  

Justice

INFJ.  

I was bullied for years and no one ever stood up for me.  No one ever did anything to help.  But it is in my blood to take down people who take advantage of others.  That's what comes to my mind when I see Justice vs Mercy.  

I have yet to meet an INFP who will stand up for someone else.  They just prefer to comfort the victim.  This is a tough one.  

Something similar happened to me.  I didn't find out what was said about me for a year, and then I held it in for another year because I didn't wanna make a big deal about it, especially because we just got through a big fight.  

I felt like much worse things were said about me, to a person I still cannot believe she replied to.  

We are friends, but I will never trust her the same ever again.  She just isn't the person I confide in and tell everything too.  

She might eventually get over it, but your friendship might not be the same from here on out.  And you can't blame her for that.  You think I do this?This applies to INTPs as well.  

It doesn't really bother me because I love both types, but that is definitely a frustrating characteristic to deal with.  Yeah, expect if anyone does this to us we shut them out.  

I hate getting advice I don't ask for, I'd rather just fuck up and learn from my own mistakes.  

That's why I try not to tell others what to do anymore.  I'll secretly judge them, but I won't vocalize it.  

The INFJ sub is awful.

- diary entries. 
- complaining about how they have no friends 
- boasting about how special and unique they are
- complaining about how basic everyone else is

I so badly just want good conversations and discussions but no one ever posts them.  


Yeah, but I want good replies too.  Any time I've ever made an attempt to get a good conversation going I always get the worst responses ever.  

Yes, /r/INFJ is a great place to make one question their own personality type.  

I was professionally typed, and there isn't a type that matches me well at all anyways, so I know for a fact I'm an INFJ. The cognitive functions prove I'm an INFJ, and that's about it.  

/u/Janky42 is one of the better INFJs too.  /u/BasicSupreme47 as well.  

Also, as a mod, a few types you listed as well as myself are ones who are most commonly reported.  No idea who reports them, but it cracks me up.  They never post anything bad or inappropriate, they are just more likely to tell it as it is and there is always one or 2 INFJs who are too sensitive for the truth.  They are the ones whose comments are usually the best and I relate to, but no one else ever does.  


Don't you also hate Jefferson Bethke? I see a pattern...

I've read his book, cause I like to get to know others a little better before deciding I just straight up hate them.  Personally, I like him.  His upbringing is pretty cool and all that he has overcome.  

I don't care what the motive is.  Motives used to bother me, but this world is so shitty as it is that any act of kindness no matter how selfish is okay with me.  

XXFP
What does me being a mod have to do with this?/u/doctorfeelbetter Lol&gt;I think they're the most flexible type.

I disagree.  They are in no way flexible at all.  One of the least if you ask me.  Yes, I was gonna say I don't notice it in ENTJs, but INTJs for sure.  Sometimes if I don't know the INTJ well enough I will start to get uncomfortable because I sorta feel like they are judging me.  I can be 100% confident in what I am saying but those eyes will start to make me feel like I have no idea what I'm talking about and I'll slowly just stop talking.  
Only one person ever, but we're making amends.Eh.  When I tell people to read the functions my thought is "you didn't spend any time trying to figure this out; why should I waste mine?"Sorry, it's a little too personal for me to want to post on the internet, but I thought I'd make a useful data point.Oh, I know ;) I've been around this sub for a while even though I just made this account.I'm an ENTJ, and I've had some really good friends who are INTJs.  So here's how they work:  INTJs are naturally very spacey because they are so in their head all the time.  They're always trying to figure something out.  Because they're so in their head, they aren't as used to intense sensory input (you know, fun things like hiking or concerts or parties or whatever), so when it presents itself they either shut it out completely (which is more often the case) or they overindulge and burn out.  This is why they tire out so quickly:  as much as they'd hate to admit it, they're sensitive to external stimulus and it tends to overwhelm them.  That, or they see it as a fruitless experience that doesn't help them realize their dreams any sooner, so they prefer to allocate their time in a more useful way.

Try to enjoy some quiet time with your INTJ.  Let him talk about everything on his mind and listen and try to see things from his perspective.  If at any point you get bored or tired or annoyed by his ideas, remember that this is what it feels like for him when everyone is constantly trying to push him to do exciting or fun things.Read about the cognitive functions and the theory behind MBTI first and try to type yourself. Then come back here, and we can confirm it for you.  In the end, you are the only person who really knows what makes you tick and to expect people to be able to know everything about you from a few paragraphs is pretty unreasonable.  That said, I'm thinking ESFP.INTP-&gt;INTJ-&gt;ENTP-&gt;ENFJ-&gt;ENTJ(-&gt;INTJ?).  I'm definitely an NTJ, but I'm not sure which.That's fucked.  You shouldn't be with someone because you have to, you should be with someone because you both like to.Whatever they wanted.  You have to remember that the archetypes associated with each type are just stereotypes.  Individuals are different from each other.  Not every ENTJ wants to be a CEO and not every ISFP wants to be an artist.Yeah, but I imagine the vibe would be much different.  Where an ISFP artist would be creating from the heart (and the piece may be simple or complex depending on the message the ISFP was trying to communicate), I imagine an ENTJ would try to create a piece that showed others his mastery over his art, something like a photorealistic landscape painting or a complicated installation piece.It should never feel like a chore.  There is no one telling you (general you, I'm not attacking you :) ) that you must be in a relationship, and if you understand that you have flighty emotions towards others, then you should also understand why commitment past a certain point is a poor investment on your part. You should know that there's nothing but pain stemming from the miscalculation of your own potential and the potential of the relationships that you're in.  I guess what I'm trying to say is people need to think more so issues like this aren't a problem.  Obviously you can't plan for *everything*, as much as I'd like to, but there are certain things about yourself that you should acknowledge especially in extremely personal contexts like these.For an ISTP, you guys have inferior Fe and Ne PoLR, so it'd probably present itself like this:

You likely perceive yourself as too cold or uncaring and you want to change it. (Fe)

You likely understand that there are alternative explanations for what you observe, but you have trouble picking up on these and think they're useless anyway, so why should anyone care? (Ne; notice the tinge of vindictiveness in the language)

I think shadow functions are pretty interesting.  It seems that as you go down the shadow stack, you become less aware of and less proficient with the function, but the pain associated with noticing or failing to use it correctly increases.  

So for an ISTP, you might notice that even though you're pretty good at it, you don't feel the need to organize. (Te 5th).

When you have Si in the sixth position, you might notice that you're good at noticing the discrepancies between different situations, but you rely on your own problem solving abilities and ability to adapt rather than mimicking known solutions.  When this is expected from you, you might find it hard to understand why someone would rather act this way.   

I've already gone over Ne.

As for Fi, you probably hardly notice any within yourself, and whenever you try to use it, it's random, extreme, and highly destructive.  It's when you go in and do things just because you want to without any other reason.  Other people will notice that you aren't yourself because in order to use Fi, you have to shut down Ti, and since you almost always use Ti, Fi will have little to no practice, and it becomes extremely hit-or-miss.
 
It seems to me that the 7th function is in the sweet spot where combination of the pain and ability to notice are maximized.I didn't read anything else in this thread haha.  So what do you think his type is?  Probably an ISTJ?Aren't context and purpose entirely separate and equally necessary?  Like, I cannot see myself considering one without the other.  Without both, you act randomly.  To find a direction, you need a beginning (context) and an end (purpose).Right, but I'm totally an NTJ, and I'm also very social (because I like people).  Sometimes it's for T reasons, but mostly it's for S reasons, and I'm not sure how to distinguish INTJs and ENTJs, especially in myself from my own subjective viewpoint.

Based on the abstraction going on in the previous paragraph, probably a social INTJ, right?Hmm... Context I guess.  There are some people who I would let criticize me anytime, any place, but there are some people who I would never let step on me.Definitely because I have a need to fulfill.  I'm already like 90% sure of my type (I'm pretty sure NTJ) but am I introverted or extroverted? How are NTJs different?Physically? Not much really.  I've fallen asleep at rock concerts, horror movies bore me, and I can't ride the same rollercoaster more than once (boredom).  Watching violence on the news kind of rattles me though.

My biggest stressor is when I can't change someone's mind on a matter that directly affects me.  It's like I know exactly what's going to happen, and even though I warned everyone and have given them instructions on how to avoid some pitfall, they stumble into it anyway, and then I have to pick up the slack for it.  A lot of times it doesn't bother me: no problems exist that can't be fixed. But if I'm already stressed out or in a bad mood, I can become tyrannical.  I take control, push people around, and get our ducks in a row because I don't deal with bullshit.

Edit:  Reading back over, I think the second paragraph makes me sound like more of a dick than I am.  The gist is right, but the tone is harsher than I intended.  But to directly answer your question:  I'm rarely overstimulated because my mind knows how to sort incoming data pretty efficiently.Yeah, I think intro- vs. extroversion just tells you how much stimulation you need in order for your thought processes to be effective.  Introverts are pretty hands off, and extroverts are pretty hands on.  I think being social is just one of the ways that this need is fulfilled, but then again, you can fulfill a need without actually needing to (like eating dessert to fulfill your need for food or whatever).I'm an NTJ (not sure of E vs. I).  I used to like psychological thrillers, but the mystique wore off.  I'm really into comedy now.  Archer, 30 Rock, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, It's Always Sunny, Rick and Morty etc.  

As for movies, I like Quinten Tarentino stuff a lot, but also sci fi stuff.  Ex Machina was one of my favorites, and I saw this movie the other night called Selfless, and it was pretty good.  I'm trying to find more movies/shows like that, but good ones are hard to find.Will things change?  Will you be *happy* if they don't?  I think those are the two most important questions in determining whether any relationship is worth keeping.  Obviously, there are more ways to break these questions down, but I think it might be a good starting place.I can't tell you what to do, but reading through other comments, it seems like there isn't any connection between you.  

I know how you feel. I've been in similar situations, and I've come to realize that almost no one recognizes how they would need to change even if they'd want to, and if they do, very few people act on it.  It's frustrating and saddening to realize that you can't help someone you love, but sometimes you have to let them go.  There are people who will understand you, and will be able to reciprocate the kind of company you enjoy, but in my opinion, this girl doesn't seem to be the one.Jungle Book is my jam.  I can't wait to see the live action version.When are you going to post the results?Are you listing them in decreasing order of academic performance?  I'd argue that most abstract feelers fall on opposite ends of the bellcurve with few in between (i.e. They're either at the top or at the bottom).That was fast hahaI meant in order of the groups, but that's interesting.  Are you saying that the individuals within the groups tend to excel in the same areas?I almost exclusively type based on vibes.Possibly, but I would think I'd be wrong more often if it actually came from Ni.  I think about it this way: because we have Se, we naturally adapt to everything.  So, if we feel a vibe from someone else, that's us noticing how we need to adapt, but because we know about MBTI we've associated certain adaptation patterns with certain types.Areas of academiaSeems like some IxFx type.  I'm pretty sure ISFP based on the way she expresses herself, but idk.  Without knowing anything about her other than the pictures she posts, I really can't tell you anything for certain.As an ESTP, I was very open as a child (my mom always had to remind me to keep my voice down), but I became reclusive during my teenage years.  I'm now 20 and finally coming back to a reasonable amount of sociability, but I can still be overwhelming when I'm intoxicated.  It's that infamous "Se energy".http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Extroverted_ethics

http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Vulnerable_function#Vulnerable_function

Go nuts.Nah, SLI and ILI are ISTJ and INTJ respectively.  Fe is their vulnerable function.  Socionics is kinda weird because if you were to stack the functions MBTI style, it would go 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 3, 4. 

For an SLI, for example, it goes SiTe, NiFe, FeNi, SeTi in socionics.

For an ISTJ it goes SiTeFiNe SeTiFeNi in the 8 cognitive function model.Like I said, it's their vulnerable function.  In an 8 function model Fe is their 7th, but in socionics it's their 4th.You got it.  The types aren't 1 to 1 from socionics to MBTI, but they're pretty close, so that's a good way to think about it in the beginning.You're right, I didn't think it through.  I was talking about shifting the Socionics functions around to get back to an 8 function model. If you numbered them, it'd look like this:

Ego Block

1. Si 2. Te 

Super Ego

3. Ni 4. Fe 

Super Id

5. Ne 6. Fi

Id

7. Se 8. Ti

And if you wanted to reorder them to get to the 8 function model, you'd order them differently then how I said.


It'd go 1 2 6 5 7 8 4 3I don't think Beebe is the only one with ideas about it, but I can't remember anyone else with literature on it.  It's sort of similar to socionics, but I think socionics is clearer and less subjective.Eh, probably not.  If Thomists have any kind of credence, I'd say everything does.  But I don't because they're full of shit.INTPs probably.Check the functions again.  Socionics INTps (ILIs) are actually MBTI INTJs.  INTjs (LIIs) or MBTI INTPs are our supervisees.  Ehh, I don't really think so.  The theory is consistent, but I think it's too specific to actually apply.  In practice, even people who have the same type act very differently from each other.Look up Les Claypool interviews on youtube.  Certainly an ENTP; certainly loves fishing.Hi there, Mr.  Narcissist.  Do you have any kind of constructive criticism for us low-lifes or are you just going to sit there on your high horse and ask your elite class to jump on?

Edit:  Just went through your post history.  I'm sorry for trampling you like that, I didn't realize you were transitioning out of such a big phase in your life (i.e. your masturbation addiction).  Get well soon, bud."Worldview"Yep.  I've never understood Si types.Pe doms probably take it the worst.  We're all about experiencing new things and as you age that ability diminishes.I know the theory pretty well, I think, but I've been wrong about my type a few times.  It seems like every time I pick a type I find a new way of looking at both the theory and myself.  

I'm definitely a T type because of the way I am, but I can't tell if I use Ne or Se or Ni (I don't understand the lifestyle of Si users at all), and I can't tell if I use Ti or Te, so I bounce around the STPs, NTPs, and NTJs a lot.  I also fiddled with the idea of ENFJ for a little while, but I know some ENFJs, but I'm not like them.  Someone typed me as a socionics SLE (ESTp) so I've latched onto that for the moment, but something is still telling me I'm a MBTI INTJ (and not just the overhyped stereotype most INTJs latch onto).There's definitely a sweet spot where you have the maximum amount of freedom and resources (I'd say somewhere in your 40s), but I think the assumption is that we're talking about aging and not growing up.I'm pretty guilty of pushing people past their comfort zone in arguments, but I never really hold grudges.  Haha, I feel that.  Have you ever gotten to the point where you just have to say, "Alright, fuck this guy.  I'm going out to get cigarettes"?  

For me, that's only happened a few times ever, but it usually takes about 6 months of constant disappointment without any sort of expressed urge to change before I doorslam them.Death will be one hell of a trip, I'll give you that, but the road is paved with false teeth, saggy balls, and no control over your bowels.  I, for one, am not looking forward to that hahaI think about introverted functions as "cultivating" functions and extroverted functions as "producing" functions.  Where a Ti user is happy cultivating a system for understanding their environment, Te users would be happier applying those systems to their environment for some kind of result (regardless of whether they are concrete or abstract).  The first function then feeds the hidden agenda (3rd) function and the second function regulates the pair.

Summarily:

An ENTJ applies knowledge (Te) to gain physical control over their surroundings (Se) and uses their cultivated metaphysical understanding (Ni) to ensure this process works smoothly.  When Ni isn't working up to par, ENTJs can gain a reputation for being bullies.

An ESTJ applies knowledge to to gain metaphysical control over their surroundings (Ne) and uses their cultivated experience (Si) to ensure this process works smoothly.  When Si isn't working up to par, ESTJs can gain a reputation for being unnecessarily strict.

Note:  Ne and Se don't inherently have the "control" quality that I gave them.  It's a part of Te's tendency to organize.

And so I'm not just trash talking the Te types, ESTPs are constantly in motion (producing concretely, or Se) in order to create a more lively environment where everyone is on the same page (producing values, or Fe).  We use Ti to do this in a way that isn't *entirely* primitive (even though it's more fun some times ;) ).  When our Ti isn't working as well as it should, our actions go unchecked and we can become emotionally manipulative and narcissistic.

Not all producing functions are focused on results.  Where Ne and Se are exploratory functions, Te and Fe are your result oriented functions.

Think about it this way: extroverted judging functions are about bringing your environment up to standards.  The standard is the goal.  So while Te tries to optimize it's environment, Fe tries to make sure everyone is feeling correctly (i.e. everyone behaving reasonably and responsibly towards each other).

I think all of your functions are "flavored" by your dominant.  If you have a dominant extroverted judging function, there will always be a part of you trying to bring your environment up to standards, and this can come across as controlling, but control is rarely the end in itself.  If you have lower Te, then you are likely oriented to achieving certain goals, but you probably don't achieve them through domination like Te doms sometimes do.  

If you have Te tertiary then you are an ExFP, right? These types use Fi to regulate their Te which means that they will let people live by their own values before they would attempt to fit them into a system.  Individuality is pretty important to them, usually.  For ExFP types, their Te operates on the same level that ExTPs Fe operates at.  Or think about how your Fi operates.  The methods are completely different, but the differentiation and complexity of the function are likely similar.It's a difficult choice, but it's almost always the best one.  I like to check in on the people who I've door slammed (facebook stalking or whatever), but I don't usually feel the urge to go back.  When it happens, it's always a lot of little things that go wrong followed by one big fuck up that causes me to step back and reevaluate.  One time, it was because a guy broke my finger over something stupid, another time it was because this girl I was hooking up with almost gave me an STD.  "I'm sorry" only works for so long before I get desensitized to a person and need to remove myself.

Please don't start smoking haha.  It's cool for a bit, but when you aren't able to smoke for some reason, it's really miserable.  Plus the long term effects aren't super fun (not that I've dealt with any yet).ESTP, and I'm the same.  Girls just want to have fun.When I think ISFP, I think aesthetic.  It's not necessarily that it's acceptable or not, it's that ISFPs are trying to convey something about themselves with their appearance.  The metric of "acceptability" is likely not a factor that enters the ISFP's mind, unless "acceptability" is what they are trying to convey.  ISFPs are all about expressing themselves in subtle ways.  They may not be loud or proud, but if you notice them, you'll notice they're making a statement.ENTP- Inventor of some kind.  I have ideas for products and businesses all the time, but I don't have the money to make it a reality yet.ESFP? I see an extrovert with Te and Fi that's likely in the gamma quadrant.If you don't like coffee and just want to get a taste of the caffeine life, drink half of a red bull.  It's nasty, but you'll be straight and you won't have to deal with the taste as long.

To get drunk, get some silver tequila and mix it with pulpy lemonade (1 part per 5 or 4 parts).  You won't taste it, I promise.

Source: I was a pussy at one point.Wow, first try.  ENTP.ENFJ?ISTP.Well, if you're certain that you use Ti and Ni, then you can only be an STP or an NFJ.  ISTP is reasonable because their Ni isn't suppressed and can possibly be as strong as their Se.  Taking tests doesn't mean anything because everyone wants to be intuitive, and type descriptions (outside of Viktor Gulenko's which are socionics, and you'll need to do some prerequisite reading to understand it accurately) are awful.  If you actually knew yourself that well you wouldn't be coming to us.  Will you be a different person if you're a sensor? Will your world shatter if you aren't an intuitive type?  I think ISTP is a good fit for you based on your comment history and self-assessment.

Edit:  this link might also help: http://www.bestfittype.com/16Types/ISTP-INTP-INTJ.cfmHow did you decide to group types with the N/S difference together?I was, but I thought about it some more, and I don't behave the same as a lot of ESTPs I know.  I'm not nearly as active or present, and I'm way more into exploring ideas than I was giving myself credit for.  Lol, okay.  Good luck then, bud.Butter them the fuck up.  They're probably used to students kissing ass for grades, and when you don't fit the mold, they assume the worst.What's your type? I have a theory about this, and I'm collecting data.That's not how this works.  It's like saying, "well, this is either coffee or red bull in my cup, but I'm not sure which it is, so I'm going to call it 'caffeine drink'."  Sure you'll tell people you're an INTx, but in the end, it's not enough information to actually discern anything about your inner workings (which is the goal, right?). 

If you're looking for a more (albeit not completely) behaviorist model, I strongly recommend socionics, but it is far more in-depth than MBTI is.  No shit.  You're taking it far too literally.  The point is that both have the same effect but are intrinsically different.  An INTJ will not use Ti, and an INTP would not use Ni.  Is there a part of the theory that confuses you? I can help you clear things up, but I hate to see people misuse it.I think that's just being a rational human being.  No one is that blind.

Here's Te vs. Ti:

http://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4p8wij/te_is_empirical_ti_is_logical/?ref=search_posts

INTJs use Te and INTPs use Ti.So Se observes experiences as they are, correct?  And Ne observes possibilities as they are, correct? Si compares experiences to ideal subjective experiences, and Ni compares possibilities to ideal subjective possibilities.  

Ni sees the best way a thing should be and then tries to change it in reality using their judgement functions (Te-Fi or Fe-Ti).  Ni wants a perfect world and will do everything in its power to create that world.  With dominant Ni users, they are almost explicitly focused on trying to find that ideal, and they will act on that ideal secondarily.

Si is different because it will continually look to its experiences to see what is "the best".  A common phrase among Si users is "It worked this way in the past, so we should duplicate it."  Ni users will say "But it could work better this way, so we should try it."  Ne is different because it doesn't have an idea of what is best, only what is correct (Ti or Fi).For real?  I always thought that was one of Fe's strong points.Not even that, just constantly have a silly grin and speak in the affirmative almost always.  You'll come off as far less threatening.Idk, to me it just seems like you have very strong protective emotions.If by "greater distance" you mean a crystal-clear bird's eye view, then yes.Also yes XDYou promise? ;)I think Fe dominants are easy to identify because you can tell that they are purposefully adding a specific effect to a social atmosphere.  Regardless of whether they are quiet or loud, they seem to try to dictate the tone of an interaction.   I do it too as an Fe user, but no where near as well or consistently as Fe dominants.Too true... :) :( :DYeah, I agree.  It's much easier to identify in other people.I joined yellow team (ENTP)They're likely ISFPs then.  If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, you know?Have you seen Michael Pierce's names? I think he got them right.

Alphas: Philosophers

Betas: Saints

Gammas: Royals

Deltas: Free Spirits

I won't explain them here because he has a whole video on it, but you should look into it if you haven't seen it.

Edit:  After thinking about it a little bit, I think he should have changed the "Royals" to the "Artists".  Gammas tend to have an idea of how their world should be, and then form and mold it to fit those ideas, much like an artist with a canvas or sculpture.Fi isn't about small talk, it's about exploring and defining the values that dictate your actions.  Someone with developed Fi likely has a strong sense of a definite "right and wrong" based on the information taken in by their perceiving functions.

Feeling functions aren't about emotions, they're about understanding what should or should not be *valued*, with a different focal point for each.  Fe draws from the outside, and Fi produces from within.

There may be a correlation between the strength of one's emotions and feeling functions, but they are by no means the same thing.  Read Jung's works for more information.Remove the "tends to care more" and I think you've got it.  You have to remember that these "preferences" aren't *chosen* by you, they *are* you.Obviously not, but you have to be able to differentiate between the stereotypes and the forms the functions take within individuals.  One of my good friends is an INTJ and he's very popular.

Young people can have strong values, but young INTJs usually either have no values or ultra-strong values (to the point of pushiness) due to the volatility of your weaker functions.  Developed Fi is more tempered and controlled (much like any other function).

Edit: Yeah, I've seen the Dario Nardi thing (I actually participated in the AMA under a different tag), but that's in like 40 to 50 year olds, and there's still debate over the validity of his work because he won't have it peer reviewed.Sure, it's difficult to find because it has a weird name, but here you go: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LL6NFd4GOk0&amp;amp;feature=shareThe assumption there is that most people know about MBTI.  Obviously you can refine these algorithms, but most people don't understand them well enough to have any kind of control over them.  In most people, these things are developed through experience, not through directed concentration.  Even then, you can't possibly expect yourself to have the mental/emotional maturity of a 40 year old by the time you hit 20, that's biologically unreasonably.Why would you want to? Ask any 40 year old you know and they'd much rather be 20.  It sounds like you put a lot of pressure on yourself, and I'm not one to distract you from your dreams, but it's okay to sit back and chill every once in a while.  I'm still learning that lesson haha.  I haven't done anything impressive really, I just tend to put more on my plate that I can handle at one time.  Be sure to fill out the comment card underneath your seat ;)I would have preferred yellow, tbhNice list.  I like poison and bug types the best. (Crobat and Venomoth &lt;3)I'm trying for precision here, and sometimes precision is tedious.  Looking further ahead, you'd have one less "type me" thread in the future if you got me taken care of now rather than later.  And would my description of myself be accurate?  I know that I take other's descriptions of themselves with a grain of salt due to the large biases that come from analyzing one's own viewpoint (there's the issue of that which we "do" and that which we "want to do", and sometimes those things are difficult to distinguish).  Plus it's a pain to not sound too self-aggrandizing or deprecating, and it's overall just a bad process.  I think there's enough information in even the first few comments of my history to where you could minimally point out at least one of my function axes, but then again, I might be overestimating.

Still, I appreciate that you undertook the tedium of pointing out why no one's responding to my thread.  (Also, could you analyze my previous paragraph? It might have something you can use.)I was aware haha.  I'm not sure which direction that tongue-in-cheek joke was intended for, but if it was based in our lack of respect for authority, I'll allow it ;)We hardly do.  That metric is pretty specific to 16personalities (I haven't seen it anywhere else, but it could be out there).The issue is that very few people actually take any time to understand the system before they start making claims about it.  Although the system itself is pretty useful, most of its practitioners are under-informed, sadly.Your inability to separate paragraphs?  I don't think it indicates anything.Lol, as if there's some sort of minimum standard that qualifies one to be an intuitive type.  What specifically makes you think they're intuitive?How did you realize you were an INTP?No, but the way it's worded makes you seem like you're trying to cover up something.  Maybe if you phrased it in a way that wasn't so self-referential? Idk tho. Ross and Monica are ISFJs.  Joey is an ESTP.  Chandler is an ENTP.  Phoebe: ENFP.  Rachel is an ESFJ.  Aye, there's the rub.  Np.Shakespeare reference: it's old-timey for "problem".  It's from Hamlet's famous "To be or not to be" soliloquy.  Same.  I think it's time the English language adopted tonal inflections in spelling like Chinese does. (Or are those just word modifiers? I don't actually know anything about how Chinese works.)ENTP: Exploring the world one paradigm at a time.

(As opposed to INTP: Fitting the whole world into their heads.)He's probably thinking ENTree, or an extroverted intuitive type with introverted chlorophyll.Eh, I can see it.  You definitely have some kind of extroverted judging function.  I can also see ESTJ though because Te types tend to think out loud and have a stream of consciousness style.  You're probably pushing ENTP, right? Ne doesn't put a lot of effort into anything other than piecing together the puzzles of their environment (Ti), and you sound like you put a lot of effort into what you like to do.

Reading back over your original post, you sound very ESTJ.Lol, I know ;)  You sound ENTPish, but that's as much as I can say over the internet.  I'd need to meet you to give you any more feedback.I get really extroverted and I can pretty easily become the center of attention if I'm with friends.  Otherwise, I usually lock onto someone I find interesting and charm their brains out.  If neither of those are happening, I'll find a cozy corner of the room, take shots till I puke, and then fall asleep.  It's not optimal, but it works for me.I break up my goal into little, easy to swallow, bite sized chunks, and then I put it off till the last minute and finish it all 3 hours before the deadline.He's a clever old bastard 'cause he keeps himself plastered, he's olenna the drinking man!I appreciate it.  That's actually how I came to ENTP (or ENTp-Ti subtype), but I like to have outside confirmation to ensure that I'm not blowing certain traits that I have out of proportion.  I had someone else type me ESTp, but an Se dom I am not.It's a damn shame you guys try to trim the fat off of everything.  That's the tastiest part.Yeah, kinda.  Ne is about seeing the possible interconnections in your environment on an intangible level.  Anyone can just pick ideas out of thin air, but Ne actively scans for the applicable ones.  That's why Ne comedians are usually funny, they see the world in a way you haven't thought to yet.  If all of your experiences and knowledge were static points on a plane, Ne would be trying to see all of the ways you can connect the dots to soak in some kind of truth from it.

It doesn't limit itself to a single paradigm due to it's uninhibited extroverted nature, but it also isn't random.  Ni tries to see "the big picture" and Ne tries to see "all possible big pictures".  It is enjoyable when you have a really cool working theory about something, but dominant Ne (at least) is more controlled and directed than a lot of descriptions imply.  It kind of knows what to look for.1) Telepathy (mind reading/control)

2) None

3) 6 or 7.  I'd be selfish, but not directly hurt anyone with it.

4) 6 or 7

5) 8

6) noWhat do they think he is?You could think of them as "experience" and "possible experience" where extroverted is "specific" and introverted is "generalized".I'm using it in reference to introverted functions and not intuitive functions.  Introverted functions use "impressions" or generalizations of objects instead of the objects themselves.So the way I see it, your sensing functions are information gathering, and your intuition functions are information relating.  

Sensing functions work with the real data you're exposed to on a daily basis.  Extroverted Sensation picks up the things in your external environment (things people say and how they're said, the brand of car you own, what the weatherman said the weather will be, etc.) and Introverted Sensation deals with the real data you pick up in your internal environment (beauty, the way your food tastes, other sensations that cannot be *directly* communicated).

Intuitive functions try to link that data together.  Extroverted intuition creates real links between  subjective (introverted) sensations and introverted intuition creates incommunicable subjective links between the real data observed (there are no examples here because these are by definition incommunicable). Low level introverted intuition is when you understand the way things will go based on the ideas you have gathered about things, but high level introverted intuition works directly with these ideas (archetypes) to create greater truths.Yeah,  I'm still working on a good definition for Ne that doesn't involve brainstorming.  It's very similar to Se in that it is "noticing" rather than "understanding" like introverted perception functions, but that's about all I have at this point.Eh, I think it's best to just jump into the deep end and struggle for a little bit rather than be fooled by the simplicity offered by some sources (particularly this one), especially if you're going for depth.  For me, 16personalities is too fluffy and doesn't actually convey what the MBTI attempts to describe (thought processes and motivations).  This is awesome! Thank you so much!I appreciate the compliment, but I'm starting to think I'm INFJ lol.

I agree, it is a lot easier to learn a topic if you have some kind of emotional mooring, but what if those caricatures don't match reality? Then all you have are storybook versions of real people with real motivations and feelings.  Especially if this is your first look at MBTI, you can very easily look at their descriptions and say "this is too horoscopy" or "these descriptions are too gilded for real people to satisfy" and just as easily disregard the validity of this school of thought as a whole.  I like their delivery method (MBTI is based on archetypes after all), but I don't like the content too much.

Although the types are distinctly different, I like Viktor Gulenko's descriptions of socionics types because they feel more true to the way people act than a lot of MBTI sources.It looks to me like he tries to describe the difference between "rational" or analytical (T or F dominant) types and "irrational" or intuitive (N or S dominant) types.To me, it seems like a cop out for anyone who isn't interested enough to dive deeper.  There are better sources with better information.

The graphics themselves aren't that bad, (even if they are a little saccharine) but the blurbs are inaccurate and misleading.  It misses the mark completely on what the MBTI attempts to describe.  They're all super behaviorist when the MBTI tries to describe the cognitive processes that govern the behaviors, not the behaviors themselves.

This last part doesn't merit a response.  It's an attack on me, and it's plain stupid.  If you don't know why, I'm not explaining it to you.It's okay.  That wasn't the real purpose of that post.  I just don't like being talked to like I don't know anything.  

I use others as a reference point for MBTI rather than myself (Intuition+Ti-Fe), and that's how I learn about MBTI.  It's easier for me to see these trends in other people than myself, so I don't see knowing myself as a more valid reference point than others.Could not have put it better myself.It doesn't seem like it because I didn't.  Just because I don't want to expend effort on you doesn't mean I can't compliment someone else for doing it.Projecting much?It is, isn't it? It's equally annoying when people go around assuming everyone else is ignorant when they really haven't made any substantial claims themselves.  I think we can agree that finger pointing and unsubstantiated name-calling is an equally grievous issue.  Besides, you study MBTI.  You should know that people have different methods of digesting information, and assuming yours is the best or "most correct" is about as confidently ignorant as you can get.  And it can't be the best: none of the assumptions you've made about me are true, and pretty much anyone will tell you that I'm happy to discuss any topic with some level of civility, but you've chosen to directly insult me in a few places, and I don't appreciate it.  The purpose of this thread was to compile ideas; I was not looking to fight some stuck-up bitch on the internet.  Respond when you can do it without attacking me.That really got under your skin, didn't it?Why should I care?

We both know that arguing isn't getting us any results, and putting more energy into formulating a well thought out response just isn't worth the minimal returns I'll make on it.  So copping you out of a thrilling debate seems to kill two birds with one stone.

See, I believe in putting effort into the things that matter to you (MBTI for instance) and disregarding the things that don't (i.e. Giving you answers that you deem to be satisfactory).  So when you call me a hypocrite, it's not that I'm actually being a hypocrite (I'm doing what I have clearly intended all along), it's that you are misinterpreting the circumstances and making me out to be the bad guy when it looks like the upvotes tell us otherwise.  (And even if it's not a good metric, it's the best we have since neither of us are ever going to concede that point.)  So please, talk to me about something that actually matters and quit wasting my time.  Also, in case you call me hypocrite for putting effort in and not copping out this time, this response took me about a minute to write.I think I might be, but there will always be some kind of doubt in my mind.  I type by axes, and I think I have Ni-Se and Fe-Ti. 

Now that you've seen me at my worst, what do you think my type is?TIL that Ne users would rather be mentally challenged ;)Not at all.  If anything, I'd think extroverted Fi users might do it.Imagine a tarantula decides to take a nap on the shoulder of an unsuspecting toddler minus the crying but with more thrashing.SameINFJ (ISTP?)

Computer Science/Stats double (Minoring in Math)Can an INTJ 7w8 exist?  

My INFJ brother was home for the weekend, and we starting typing the people in our family and our family friends, and we agreed on every type except mine.  He thought I was an INTJ where I thought I was an ENTJ.  I definitely have a 7w8 style (if you buy into enneagram), but because of that I thought I had to be extroverted.  

Or, I guess, how would a socially extroverted INTJ be different from an ENTJ?I know your dominant is "who you are", what is most obvious and what you use constantly, you auxiliary is a tool that you use and what you identify most with, your tertiary is what you strive for, and your inferior is your "tight spot"/grip function, but I've also heard that the inferior is at your core what you will be most attached to.  So which function is most genuinely you?I'm constantly doubting my type, and I'd like some reassurance.  If you don't think you can completely type me based on the information there, I'd really like to hear some of your observations anyway!Archer and Pam are definitely ESTPs, Lana and Mallory are ENTJs, but I'm stuck on Cheryl/Carol, Cyril, and Ray.  Bonus points for Brett.Alternatively, if there are none, what's the best description you can give of your own type?
He needs to understand that it is ok for him to be sad. Showing that reflects true authenticity. A friend once said, "Allow your friends to feel sad with (or) for you. It is impossible to stay tough all the time?

Offer compassion and motivation. He should go however the way he wants. Losing your only rock and cheerleader can feel like literally losing another part of you. Remind him that his mom would want him to attend to celebrate her life. 

Avoid tmi. He probably has a ton of thoughts and feelings. 
Good luck. 

Any unhealthy or unbalanced type is capable of Evil?Sigh...  
This can always be "fixable" as we mature imo. Money is only a means of exchange? Easy to make although easier to spend. Hope you don't take this to heart. =)

Edit: l suspect MBTI INFJs are goal orientated and appreciate hard work. Sometimes money follows these qualities?
Žižek - The correct surname. Not trying to be rude, but informative. 

Being an INFJ I would most likely be ENTJ, INTJ or ISTP. I just think I would live much easier if I would be any of those (I'm aware that that is not true, but I still dream about it).I agree with your words completely. Being INFJ is kind of exhausting. I've read that INFJ's have hard time with identity (Ni Fe combo). That is probably why we are drawn to personality tests. I believe an ISTP (with exceptions) couldn't care less about what type are they.  No, I was trying to inform you that his real surname is Žižek with Ž and not with Z. If you knew that already you can simply ignore it, but if you didn't, you have just learned a "fun fact". That does not count for me. I get butthurt if you are being rude or ignorant, but if you have a solid argument it won't bother me. And INFJ's do know if you are rude or ignorant, so don't even try to hide it :)I could say we overthink everything (at least I do). We think about the future constantly and we always try to understand the world around us. It is kind of like being on drugs 24/7. Being sensitive also does not help much. [Try me please. It should be easy I think](http://i.imgur.com/8F0vM4w.jpg?1)ESFP or ESTP. You look ESxP to me. If I have to choose I would go for ESFP..... ESFP is my final answer.INFP. I sense a feeler.ESTPISFPISTP or ISFPISFJISFPINFJ is the right one. I don't really agree with that chart. As of now I think I get along with the same type the best, but that is not true to all, especially more naturally competitive types. I believe it is much more subjective of whom a person likes, but I do also believe that sensores and intuitives get along better with it's own kind. I meant that sensors get along better with sensors and intuits with intuits. It may have sounded racist, if you were implying that. 
Yes, the chart may show that, but it is just too vague to really have any meaning. Otherwise I would agree with you. I kind of knew that, but didn't know how to react. I'm not stupid, I just have problems with responding to this kind of actions. ENTP's seem to do that a lot to me. :DDeepINFJ: I know what others should do, better than they know it themselves. As an INFJ I thank you for your compliment :DI think the most important thing is the N letter. It is super important for both friends and romantic partners. I also like reliability so J is also good, but not necessary (INFP and INTP are great for me). I don't mind extroverts, but I could say that out of all intuitives I dislike ENFP the most (it should be a similar type, but not in my case). I must say, that I also prefer rational people, so this is T in most cases (I know a very rational INFP and I count myself as a rational person). I'm very attracted by INTJ's and ENTJ's, but if I'm honest, I don't think they would be very suitable for me (too cold). 

So my favourites are: 

1. INTP, ENTP, INFJ

2. INFP, ENTJ, ENFJ

3. INTJ, ENFP

4. ESTP, ISTP (my favourite sensors)

The least type I would like to have interactions with are: ISFJ, ISTJ, ESFP. Others (not listed above) are just "meh" for me. 

Sidenote: The most important thing I seek in my partner is maturity. No matter what type a person is, if they are mature enough, I will gladly stay with them. 

I don't really agree with this. An intuitive wouldn't just throw in whatever, not caring how it tastes. Honestly, I can't imagine who would approach cooking like this, lol. An intuitive would imagine what would taste good together and go on intuition.INFJ here, mostly attracted to NTPs, sometimes ESTPs.How does your competitive side scare INFJs, out of curiosity? Any examples? I don't think I would care as long as it's not directed against me. I may be amused that you care so much. The main thing I don't like about competitive people is that they get so fucking mad when they lose, which annoys me if I have to interact with them before they get over it.I'm uncomfortable with how accurate I find that description. Socionics INFp is mbti INFJ, though.I think "cold" is a good word to describe INFJs on the inside. Detached. It's incredibly difficult to sort my feelings from other people's. I don't trust my own feelings, because I'm wrong half the time. The world to me is this giant mass of shifting context that has to be independently sorted though before each new decision. So my principles also shift around a bit based on context. I don't always take people's feelings into consideration in the way people expect from me. I think lot of the "danger" with INFJs is we see on a high level and can gloss over the low level collateral damage in the planning phase. Ugh, once you fuck up and react once with an INTP they continue poking the spot until you explode. There's no playing cool once they know something gets to you.I think I'm the only intuitive that doesn't complain about small talk, lol. I guess ENFJs are probably ok with it, as well. To me, small talk is like scanning through subjects until one develops. If it's going nowhere, change subjects. It kind of confuses me when people complain about it. But I'm also not above shit talking someone's friends and coworkers with them if nothing better materializes, so maybe that's the secret, lol.Lmao, it's always been on Monday. That is delightful.I feel incredibly awkward around ENFPs. Not sure if it's me or them, but we never seem to click. Usually ok with INFPs for whatever reason, though.INFPs are more like cats, imo. Cats are anything but rational.Lol, I know. I'm married to one of you. ;)I think NFJs are more likely to give (often unsolicited) advice based on their understanding of your situation, and SFJs are more likely to try to impose their personal idea of the truth on you. Like, I may say "Leave your girlfriend. It's a toxic relationship." while my ESFJ mother is trying to take you to church, because the problem is that you don't talk to Jesus enough. But I really haven't found SFJs to be less pushy about this.I really can't relate to anything you're saying about your INFJ friend, so idk. I would say the people I've found most controlling in my life have both been SFJs. And it's a little strange to me that you're using your experience with someone you doubt is INFJ to judge other INFJs. Oh my god, my INTP husband terrifies me with his driving. He seems to have a false sense of security. He brakes way later than I would. And he backs into things sometimes. Actually, my INTP step dad also backs up at 100 miles an hour and brakes at the last second. They both love to drive and think they are amazing drivers.He also doesn't notice as far ahead as I do. To be fair, my inferior Se may cause me to be a bit overcautious. He's actually the better driver, as in he is more precise and more in control. If we were going to engage in a high speed chase, we would definitely be safer with him driving. But since we're not going to do that, we probably don't need to drive like we are.It was intended to be mildly humorous. ;)ENFPs can also be charming and sarcastic. I only answer the phone if I have to. Pretty much always prefer to text.That is not my experience with INFP men. Yeah, I just thought that particular one was strikingly wrong, lolI often find myself labeling people sx or sp as we're talking. Sp's because they're saying boring things about how their house is decorated or other boring life functions, sx's because they're intense and we probably just had a good conversation. I don't think sp's are boring, just that they tend to talk about specific boring things. Boring to me, specifically. And I definitely know a few who don't have their shit together, lol. My mom who I'm close to and my best friend are sp, and they're both hilarious people I love more than anything. But they talk a lot about food and house stuff.I like my space being decorated, but prefer devoting my brain power to other things. They both tend to give me home decorations as gifts, which I like. INFP for like a week or two, then INFJ.High Fe isn't really something you want, lol. To become better emotionally, listen to your emotions, reflect on why you feel that way, and use whatever insights you gained next time you feel that way.Not a lot to go on, but possibly INTP.Because high Fe users are usually miserable emotional sponges that need other people to act a certain way to feel happy and at peace. It's not necessarily bad for other people (although it can be, lol), but ime, it usually sucks for the xxFJ. 

And it's gratifying that people notice when I leave, haha :DI love the Mountain Goats! What's your favorite album?Lol I hear this song in my head every time I see your username.Wow, hardcore Mountain Goats fan! I love it! I'm the same as you. I got into them in my early 20s during a hard time in my life. "My" tMG album is All Hail West Texas. But my current favorite shifts around a lot. I particularly love Tallahassee, Coroner's Gambit, The Sunset Tree, Heretic Pride, The Life Of The World To Come. Black Pear Tree is really good, too. And Golden Boy was the first Mountain Goats song I ever heard, so it will always be special to me.

Are you familiar with Okkervil River? They're my official favorite band, lol. You'd probably like them. A lot of crossover with Mountain Goats fans.Hadn't done that one before. I got 6 alpha, 5 beta, 2 gamma, 5 delta.I'm going to pretend that's because I'm super balanced and shit. XDI can tell you I dated an ISFJ for a while and it ended up being a really unequal relationship, with him much more invested than me. I probably wouldn't try it again. 

Edit: Oh, that's not what you meant. As far as another type dating an IxFJ, I think INFJs are usually much more independent. ISFJs tend to be a lot more controlling, ime, but also more organized, usually better housekeepers. Basically, you should expect an INFJ to be pretty absorbed with their own thoughts, like other INs. ISFJs are usually more actively and continuously engaged with their family units and physical homes.He was really more invested for sure. He was also more demonstrative, and just generally a lot more "romantic". And he actually wasn't that controlling, but every ISFJ female I know is more controlling of their partners than I ever am. Like, having a strict, narrow idea of what constitutes "acceptable behavior", or getting angry because you thought something. That kind of controlling. Although he would get his feelings hurt by the way I think.Don't think so, but certainly not all are like that. All FJs can tend to be a bit controlling, like someone else said. It's an anxiety thing.You don't actually pay attention to the present moment when you're thinking about the future. So like if I'm at a party, but I'm really thinking about a vacation I'm going to take next month while I'm there, I'm unlikely to enjoy or remember the party. When I make it to that vacation, I'm thinking about how I'll spend my retirement, so I don't get as much out of the vacation as I otherwise would. I get a lot of enjoyment out of my daydreams, but it's not the same as the enjoyment I get from focusing on what I'm actually doing in the present.I like NTPs, personally. INFPs say consistently interesting things, as well. INTJs are cute to me, lol.Weirdly, I've always been insecure with Fe, too. Like, I guess I use it well enough to mostly get what I need out of it, but it's not comfortable. Like imagine how an INTJ would look when trying to make small talk with an ESFJ at at party. That's how I feel inside when I talk to random people I encounter. But I blend in pretty well, so I guess that's Fe at work. I think that's why most of the people I talk to regularly are Ti dom or aux. I'm much more comfortable in a high Ti, low Fe environment.Inferior Se. I'm basically afraid of everything. The world feels very threatening to me a lot of the time. I have a lot of trouble relaxing. I also tend to turn to food and drugs and sex and buying shiny new things in times of stress. I think INFP is the funniest type.I think INTPs are usually hilarious, but tend to drag things on too long and derive too much enjoyment from the act of annoying me.I definitely think INFJs are less rigid when it comes to morals. And we're chronic explainers. So I don't really fight with people or take hard stances, usually. If I'm moved to disagree with you on a social or political issue, it usually either takes the tone of a debate or just me explaining why you're wrong. I think a lot of ultra combative SJW types are NFPs. Anyone who is has been called "SJW" multiple times is a "SJW", I suppose. Favorites are Up and Wall E. I want to fight.Swords. I'm using Oathkeeper, tho.I'm pretty sure it cuts through arms. ;)They hate being told what to do and/or being forced to do boring things and/or working in general. They tend to get their shit together to a much greater degree if/when they find a line of work that they're enthusiastic about. INTPs particularly seem to turn into workaholics overnight when they have work they want to do. They'll probably always have trouble managing their time, though. As far as relationships go, doesn't everyone suck at those? I hate raisins. Can I be a chocolate croissant?While making an enemy of pretty much everyone left alive.I definitely don't get ENFPs.Ni doms seem to age pretty well. INFJ, against Brexit. I think it was a purely emotional decision that doesn't make good sense and has a lot of potential for bad consequences. I reached that opinion by reading a few articles, watching news/political shows (I regularly watch Last Week Tonight and Full Frontal with Samantha Bee, which are both humorous, highly liberal political shows, but I also watch news videos on the internet sometimes), and talking to people (both for and against Brexit) on Facebook and Reddit. 

On another note, I'll be so happy when we stop using the word Brexit.That's incredibly simplistic.lol, is that sarcasm? I feel like it must be. What are better sources? I'm American, so I didn't do any particular research, just kept up with it as much as I keep up with other global political issues.I don't agree with every position he's taken, but his show is generally really good. (And it's John)I have a lot of really quality Facebook friends who post really interesting and informative things, actually. Reddit is hit or miss in terms of quality, but it never fails to expose me to myriad points of view on an issue. I don't have the time or the desire to keep up with world politics on a micro level.INFJ. Grew up going to Baptist church, but I never believed properly. I have several prominent childhood memories about really questioning something I heard in church. Went from that to agnostic to atheist to now hovering somewhere between atheist (fairly certain about the no god thing), agnostic (but really, is it even possible to know things? I'm not 100% confident in my knowledge of anything, I guess), and starting a meditation practice, so taking an interest in Eastern religion. So pretty accurate for me, lol.Caffeine helps headaches and gives me enough energy to focus if I drink a lot of it (like a huge iced coffee). Also makes me a bit jittery in large quantities. Doesn't have much of an effect unless I drink a lot of it.

Alcohol makes me more emotional. Usually happy and talkative, but sometimes sad or angry. It's a bit unpredictable. I don't drink much. Think I'm going to drink today, though! So maybe I'll be back later drunk and you can see, lol.Haha believe me, no one wants to hear about my feelings. Not the hidden ones, anyway. They're too intense. That describes me pretty well. I smile at people compulsively,  and if I'm not smiling strangers will tell me to smile or not to worry. I get lots of compliments on my smile, though.Lol next time I'm feeling emotional I'll PM you. Guaranteed to freak you out.I will say, INFPs seem to be the type most likely to appreciate the dramatic, overwhelmed with emotion version of me.You could be either. I relate to a lot of what you said, and I'm INFJ. My Big 5 scores are similar, too. How old are you, and have you stifled with any mental health issues? I thought I wasn't emotional for years, but I was just really depressed. Being dead inside screws with your personality.Hey, glad you told someone! PM me if you ever want to talk about it. Anyway, I'm not sure which type you are, but I wouldn't rule out INFJ.3.

Fuck ESTP

Marry ENTP

Kill the competition.Not until the wedding night. ;)How do you fuck someone without getting physical?I can think of several things it *could* mean, but I wouldn't call any of them "fucking".INFJ and I second this.Aww, come back! We're more fun than Brexit paranoia. Interested to hear more of your thoughts about how personality type correlates to political ideology.I relate to feeling like a piece of media is a part of myself, but that makes me excited to share it with anyone I think would like it.Yeah, I'd say so.Love the dress!Wow, that's great.Just because you exhausted someone doesn't mean you won. ;)INTP because you don't want to go to school.INFJ and some extroverts, hopefully. I just feel bad for the people who are saddled with me, really. I'm definitely not a survivalist. I probably have a bunch of drugs and snacks in my purse, at least.INFJ and physical things are hard. I was into knitting for a long time. I like fairly mindless, repetitive activities like that, that I can do while my mind is busy with something else. It's often possible to go back and fix mistakes in knitting without too much hassle, which is good, because as I've already said I'm not super great at paying attention to what I'm doing.

I also like to cook and bake. My cooking almost always tastes great, but I don't usually want to put in the effort to make everything perfectly consistent and plate it beautifully. I tend to cut corners like that.

I can get really into going to the gym or something like that for short bursts, but I'm bad with consistency. I've always loved yoga, but keeping up with a regular practice is difficult. I feel most in control of my body when doing something that combines mindfulness with physical activity, like yoga. Friend 2 sounds maybe INTP. Does he enjoy annoying people and find it funny, or does he accidentally/unwittingly annoy everyone?That sounds consistent with INTP.Everyone I've (INFJ) ever seriously gone for has been a smart ass, for sure. I thought it seemed accurate for my INTP, too.Are the rest of us going to have to help you out? ;)IAUMP for me (INFJ)mmm brisketSounds good to me.Start posting a daily question. ;)Inferior intuition?I think it's good. I definitely stare intensely at/through things when I'm thinking.Why do you care?STP females are still sensors living in a sensor's world, so they probably feel less strange in a lot of ways. Plus those are probably the least whiny types in general. I think it's a weird comparison.I got what you were saying. I don't know how everyone misunderstood you, lolINFJ, computer scienceThat's so fucking cool. INFJ: I want to troubleshoot your interpersonal problems. That's also how I usually respond if someone tries to throw something to me.Type INFJ. I wear bb cream with spf most days, for the spf. I only go further than that very occasionally, maybe once or twice a month. I hardly ever wear any more than nude pink or lavender eye shadow (green eyes), mascara, rose or berry colored balm/gloss, blush, concealer if necessary. It takes like 10-15 minutes, maybe 25 if I'm wearing eye liner.Discipline. Kindness.You and me bothOK, you guys talked me into the tattoo liner.Me too! I have the hardest time finding good eye makeup. What mascara do you like?Mine are medium length, I guess, and curled, but they're pale and tend to clump up with mascara. I've been using Buxom for a while, but I think I can do better. I love Benefit in general, so happy to give the Roller Lash a try.I really hope you're ok. I think it would probably be healthy for you to get off Reddit, so I hope you do.You're really emotional right now. Is there anything you can do to calm down? Take a hot bath? Watch a movie?

Really, can I help you figure out something that will take your mind off this and help you feel better? Getting off Reddit right now is a good move for you. You can't control other people's behavior.You're talking to me. I didn't say anything mean. I didn't say it's your fault. I just want you to feel better. You can't solve anything when you feel this bad. I don't think it's your fault that you're hurting.I got ENTP, hahaI think a more accurate interpretation is that *you* only like your own type. ;)You're not a creep. They overreacted. She obviously felt threatened, but it doesn't sound like you did anything wrong to cause her to feel that way. Some people are just weird. I'm sorry that happened. It would upset me, too.INFJ. I'm open minded and willing to try kinky things, but my preference is to keep things simple. Don't care much for having to use a bunch of toys and props, or play a character. I don't find it necessary, and it requires concentration. I can't really concentrate on screwing and roleplaying the same time. I have to totally focus on my body. I assume that's inferior Se?Inferior Se types are usually very into sex, ime.

(Community seems split on this issue. Getting a lot of votes both ways.)You don't think it's rude to send a friend over to talk to him? I am a shy person who doesn't like being approached in public, and I think that is insane. What about the drunk guy who followed me for several blocks slurring "you're pretty" at me repeatedly? I think there's such a thing as a creep, but the word gets thrown around way too much.Man, I thought I was being sneaky about it. :(Did you mean INTJ? ISTJ is inferior Ne.So you have inferior Se and you're very into sex. How are you disagreeing with me?I read that in high school and *loved* it. Totally forgot about it.Ooh, I like this. What about INFJ? You assigned us American flag colors, haha Lol, yeah. I came here to make a flippant comment or something, but OP didn't give us much to go on.LOL, that is amazing.How can you tell if their Se is somewhat grown up?Sounds like aux Fe to me. Are you an introvert?Thanks!Fe users definitely consider their internal feelings in making decisions. Their internal feelings are just pretty tied to their idea of how other people will react to whatever they decide. But that's not always obvious to the user, at least in my case (INFJ). 

Your "how I relate to Fe" section is classic Fe stuff, though.Do you have an opinion on whether you're S or N? What you said about seeing value in a lot of opposing ideas makes me think INFJ. ISFJs usually have a pretty black and white worldview.Big pharma, probably. Did you see it take any pills?I really don't know about INFP for you, but I can say that you seem like a feeler to me, not an INTx. I'm just rolling with your uncertainty, lol. I don't feel I know you well enough to say. You seem very extroverted for an INFP, though, with the meet ups and the banter.For me it's how nice she is to everyone and how excited affirm-y she usually seems. I associate those qualities primarily with feelers.I've never had any reason to doubt that you're an N. Do you think you're intuitive, or are you not sure?Social situations in general drain me. Especially meeting new people. The only exception is if I'm with close friends, probably also has to be somewhere private like a house. That can be neutral to energizing to me, even if I stay several nights.Somewhat, yeah. I have two minds on that one, I guess. I totally get what you're saying about context and hope it's easier with people who get it. This is what I treasure about my husband and my high school friends that have known me for 15+ years. I'm totally comfortable with them. I can just be myself, whatever that is.

But that comment also reminded me that I do actually really like to crack open someone's skull and poke around inside sometimes. With a good conversation, haha. I actually am very energized by a one on one good conversation, or a really good date, things like that. If we have good chemistry, I will feel energized by this until I experience a sudden crash in the middle of the night after we've been talking for hours. Or maybe I don't and I just fall asleep instead, haha. I've experienced both. I'm fairly certain this is an Enneagram sx thing.ENTPs don't usually consider if a social situation is "safe" like we do. And I definitely think you're also a sx. I've never seen another INTP with so much to say in my life, lol. INFJs are all over the place when it comes to how confrontational they're willing to be. I'm pretty confrontational most of the time, still maddeningly passive at other times. It's a struggle to consistently exert my will. If you want to help an INFJ be honest with you, listen to them the first time. They're unlikely to stand up for themselves again and again. You may get one or two indications that you're fucking up, then the INFJ will eventually start just putting up with it, then maybe someday door slam out of nowhere. Personally, I've rarely door slammed anyone, though. Haha well, I'm pretty good about talking with words, but yeah, we can be irritating to deal with. It's the price of all the people pleasing intuitive feeliness that people like about us. I first saw this movie on a bad date, and every time I've tried to watch it with a partner since then I've ended up not watching it because we decided to start arguing somewhere near the beginning of the film instead. That's happened twice. As a result, I half-believe this film to be cursed, and I only remember thinking Clementine was a MPDG, so probably ENFP. I hate that this film stirs up bad memories for me. It's so good. Charlie Kaufman + Michel Gondry is a NF dream team.I think it's easiest to see someone's type in like their mid 20s-early 30s. After they've matured enough to settle into their personality (it's kind of impossible to tell with teenagers), but before they've matured so much that they become even-keeled and display less hallmarks of their type.I wouldn't have been able to confidently type myself in high school. Maybe it's different between S and N?Teenagers are usually too erratic and moody for me to be able to tell, at least. I'd be playing with the dog.Lol, introvert party at u/MetricExpansion's place!Aww, like 4-5 of you that I like can come to my place. I have weed and alcohol and a really nice doggie. I like to snarkily binge watch shows and movies. This is my idea of a party. Aka what I would be doing at home, anyway.u/quiteafewfireflies, introvert party planner. Not much demand for my services, though. :/Lol, of course you have smart business advice. If you are young, you will probably grow into your Fe with time. How old are you? Could you elaborate a bit more? What made you think ENFP before, and what makes you think INFP now?That reminds me of one time when I was playing Civ 5, and an opposing civ's city revolted and joined my empire. My husband had just been telling me that it's better to raze cities than puppet them (like I usually do -- I forget his reasoning), so I razed. Apparently if you raze a city, it kills like 1-2 citizens per turn and you just have to watch as the city slowly succumbs. This city had like 20-30 citizens, so it took a pretty long time. I felt real emotions about it. Never again.Skeptic. I feel like I might get a different result if I took it again. 

Nope, still a skeptic! Looked at the details, my only "strong reasoning skill" is seeing through tricky arguments, lol. Haha, I just don't play a lot of video games. I waste enough time on TV. Aww, you just need an INFJ sidekick to tell the future for you. ;)You just need to go do things with other people while she's on "alone mode".INFJ, not speaking up until a problem has turned into a crisis. I'm actually quite confrontational about some things, but with problems that are more serious and chronic in nature (like if I have a serious problem in a close relationship), I just don't know how to address it until I can't bear it anymore. Or often, I make some early (possibly subtle) attempts to address it, but they're not met with enthusiasm and they're soon forgotten. At some point I transition to just trying to cope, and eventually we've got a mess on our hands. I've gotten better about this as I age, but I still haven't totally figured it out.I like a mix, I guess. I rarely find myself flat out agreeing with anyone else's thinking throughout a conversation. It's a matter of how much we disagree. Even if we agree like 95% on politics, if we're having a conversation about some particular thing, you'll probably meet with a lot of minor disagreement from me, maybe a little playing devil's advocate. I like to see things from all sides and come to the best conclusion with the info I have. I don't usually have a problem deciding what I think at the end of the conversation. NiFe is pretty good at telling me what is right and giving me some conviction about it, at least after I've put some Ti into it and examined it from a few different angles.What's a Te answer?How is she one of your best friends?INFJ-T 6w7, FIt's my Enneagram type, just threw it in there. :)Do you see a lot of Ne with Danny, though? I was kind of thinking maybe socially sharp INTJ (compare to Littlefinger) or alternatively ISTP. He seems more Ni to me.

Agree with INFJ type 6 for Meg, ExFJ for Sally, ESTP for Eric, ESFP for Kevin.Yeah, I was thinking maybe Ni dom because of how effortlessly calculating he is, but considering that his plan was essentially to get caught, I suppose he wouldn't necessarily need super Ni to pull it off (because loose ends are part of the plan, so it doesn't need to be airtight). INFJ, language, self, natureI think he was on a suicide mission of sorts, from the time he found out about John's betrayal. I don't think he necessarily meant to die, but his new purpose in life was to make as much money as possible and bury his family in a mountain of shit. He specifically tied them all up in it with an explicit paper trail from the beginning. I don't see what the point of that would be, if he didn't have revenge on the horizon. I guess it's also insurance against his family trying to stop him, but I got the strong sense that he just didn't care what happened to him, as long as he could take them down with him. He was self destructive.You and u/kbnation are both probably smarter than average, to be fair. 😘If your default expression is a smile, it's a choice you're making. But if it's not a choice you reasoned with yourself about and made consciously, yeah you probably have Fe.It's normal. The best thing you can do with your life right now to support any of those goals is learn discipline, apply yourself to school, and also learn social skills and meet people, make friends, have experiences. You have your whole life to fret about whether or not you're following your passion. You don't have to be burdened by that yet.I was watching The Jim Gaffigan show a couple of nights ago and considering the idea of Adam Goldberg as an ENTP 5. Are you familiar with him? He pretty much plays the same character in everything. Anyone remember The Hebrew Hammer? Lol I love him. :DHe's also in Dazed and Confused, which is definitely with watching if you haven't.Awkward when you think could be Ti. What are you like on "autopilot"?Well, this person definitely doesn't sound like a Ti dominant, so they are probably not going to be as good with using it as you are. My INTP husband is very emotional, and aware of it. I was really surprised when I discovered mbti to find out that so many of his type think of themselves as emotionless robots or whatever. That is just not my experience with them. The two ISTPs that I know are less emotionally needy than the INTPs I've known have been. They're just kind of out of touch with their emotions. But I don't actually know any TPs irl that find benefit in the "I'm a robot" mindset I often see on Reddit.How did he gaslight you?I love Caress Me Down! Especially the Spanish part. So fun.The time I embarrassed myself really badly in 5th grade.Haha no. Way too embarrassing. ;)Dominant Ni has, like, a vision of how things are/should be that it is projecting onto everything, all the time. So Ni-doms can usually tell instantly whether or not something is "right". Things that don't match up with the Ni vision are prodded with the Ni user's judging functions to make sense of it. So Ni leads to a fast conclusion, then works backwards for the "why". Ti starts from the bottom and works step by step toward a conclusion.INTPs are obsessed with edge cases, ime. I'm married to one and everything I say gets taken to logical extremes and tested for soundness. I understand where he's coming from, but it can be annoying to a Ni-dom, probably especially a Te user.Sounds like Ni.Yeah, definitely Fe as well.Ne leaps tend to take you farther and farther from the initial point. They will maybe come back around, or maybe drift off into space. Ni pulls in new subjects as examples to support the initial point without usually straying very far from it. Ni trains of thought are usually more structured, like an essay.Ok, you're probably right. I don't know that I distinguish them properly all the time.I've been depressed enough (early 20s) to fool myself into thinking I'm not emotional. My Fe shut down entirely for a couple of years, it seemed like. Nearly everyone I could stomach associating with in that state was INTP. I probably would have typed as INTP myself then.Lol, you're way over applying mbti. I know INTPs who do the same with games, though.Not usually strictly to save time, but to sidestep the emotional fallout I expect telling the truth. I find in situations like the one you had with your roommate about the washing machine, I tend to freeze and end up saying anything I have to to end the interaction so I can figure out how I really feel about whatever their problem is, and act accordingly. I'm sorry that you're depressed and thinking of suicide. :(

I still think INTJ, glad you're getting more confirmation.6w7 fits me best, I think. sx in one of top two spots, probably sx/so.Why do you ask?u/anotherparadox (hope you don't mind!) is an INFJ 4 with an interest in Enneagram. She may be interested in giving the E4 perspective.

As for myself, I typed as 4 when I read into Enneagram initially, but I never really clicked with the system until I realized I identify a lot with 7, which led me to look into 6.* Nice smile!

* You're funny.

* I can't tell if you're being sarcastic.I have a resting pleasant face most of the time, but if I'm preoccupied, it turns into a resting distress face, causing people to ask me what's wrong and sometimes randomly offer assistance if they think I need it, lol. Every time I've actually been distressed and needed a stranger's help, though, a volunteer has always appeared pretty quickly, so not such a bad quality. People also ask me for directions a lot, which they immediately regret, because I don't know where I am and barely know left from right. :PI have a friend whose mom (older lady, great mom, adored by her children) was going through a hard time, also very depressed about some changes in her life that she couldn't control. She eventually became a nanny for a young family, and it gave her life new purpose. Maybe if your mom won't seek help in other ways, she could try to find a role somewhere in the community where people will need and appreciate her?Yeah, I also had a Euro travel story in mind. I was supposed to meet a "friend" (ESFP guy, I think, who was beginning a semester abroad in Germany with me) at the Frankfurt airport, but he left before my flight landed (30 minutes after his) because he "saw some Muslims". So I had to get across Germany, on and off several trains, up and down several flights of stairs, with heavy luggage that I could barely lift, barely spoke basic German at the time, totally unfamiliar with the train system. I met a lot of really nice people that day! Much nicer than my "friend", lol. I normally hate taking help, but if I actually need it, I will happily and gratefully accept. 

I get eyes and smile, too. Strangers of both sexes, including some that were definitely not hitting on me, have commented on my smile right away. I am always told that my eyes are "expressive", not always as a compliment, lol. Like "Wow, I've never seen anyone looked so pissed! How do you get your eyes to do that?" I did theater in high school, got constant compliments about my eyes/face and how expressive they are. An F who has developed a thick skin is a formidable person. I think I'm like halfway there.He just told me that story the next day, like it was an excuse. I was dumbfounded. Like, you thought the airport was going to be blown up, so you left me there? Perfectly understandable!I also have a *loud* voice, especially if I'm excited in a conversation. It's not very INFJ-like, lol. I've had that pointed out to me a lot, but mostly by people who know me.Probably *cuts* people, if it's sharp. ;)They're Ne-doms. Ne and Se are sort of similar in a lot of ways. That's probably why.Me too. Less of a fit for INFJ, but it describes me pretty well.That doesn't quite sound right to me. It suggests that anyone could just be firing off ideas all the time like a Ne-dom, if they wanted to, but that's not the case. Also suggests that I should *enjoy* talking to people that share my functions more than I enjoy talking to other types, and that's also not really true. I think NiFe looks a lot like Fi, too. If I didn't identify strongly with Ni over Ne, I'd be hopelessly confused between INFJ and INFP. I thought INFP before I understood the functions.I like the instinctual variants, too. I think I'm type 6 sx/so. I only identify very strongly with sx, but I like talking about cultural stuff, and most sp topics bore me. I definitely notice if I'm talking to another sx, and prefer it. I am 6w7. No wonder I like you so much! &lt;3How would you know?Lol that you managed to offend two INTPs somehow. The easiest way to talk to sensors, IMO, is to talk to them about people and events in their lives, and be willing to listen. Ask them questions, let them talk, feel free to say whatever comes to mind in response. Just pay attention to if they're bored, and don't push a topic if it bores them. It helps if you're willing to talk shit about people, lol, or generally participate in some gossip. 

I also use a lot of humor, with both of those types. ESTPs particularly seem to enjoy being ribbed/lightly antagonized (in a playful way). I would personally try to keep things light and fluffy. I usually try to suss out common interests, like do we watch the same movies or TV? What kind of hobbies do they have? At the very least, I can usually find some common ground with ISFJs, interest wise, and establish a playful report with ESTPs. Usually if you get people started, they'll lead the conversation and you can kind of lead it in a different direction if it starts getting too detail heavy or boring. I think Ni-Ti is more about catching hidden patterns that require abstraction to see. Si-Ti users would definitely be better at catching "obvious" patterns in their local environments. I put obvious in quotes, because usually things right in front of my face are the opposite of obvious to me, lol. I can be incredibly oblivious about sensor stuff. It has led to me being repeatedly labeled as "dumb" by sensors who have had the misfortune of working with me in a practical capacity. I'm great in a theoretical capacity, though!I think INFJs (really kind of seems like N-doms in general, maybe more so the NF flavor) are just inherently fickle, prone to idealizing partners, idealizing the connection, then coming to a sudden realization and retreating. I agree that it's especially risky for sensors, to get in a relationship with an INFJ, but it's really a pretty risky move for anyone. INFJs can keep up a "perfect partner" routine until the day they can't. Could be a month, could be 10 years. Their partners usually won't be aware of all the cracks until the relationship is shattering.I get along well with ESTPs. Or horribly, lol. Mostly surprisingly well, though.Lol, I like this. Not everyone grows up by 35, though, sadly.I don't think people are ready for adult decisions until 25, at least. I was a wreck throughout my 20s, personally.My INTP read voraciously until he discovered computers (we were born in the 80s, so home computers weren't much of a thing until we were 10 or so). It's not that he dislikes literature or language stuff, just likes computers better. He made shitty grades across the board.

Since we've been together, he's also really embraced song lyrics (lyrical music was my thing, he listened to mostly electronic music). But now he's really into it.How old are these people? I think this is a common trait among younger INFJs. Maybe try bringing it to their attention that you feel this way?Technically we're ESTPs flipped upside down. ;)They're miserable, that's why they act like that. They don't trust anyone, they try to drive everyone away with cynicism and negativity. If they give a shit about you, you can maybe, *maybe* get through to them with Ti and honesty. Genuine affection helps. But really, there's a high risk that you're wasting your time trying to save people. And INFJs really aren't all like that. Probably better to seek out some healthier ones.It's worth noting that INFJs are often much less confident in their judgments than they may appear to be. I've fairly often been accused of thinking I know everything, when really I'm just trying to throw my opinion in with everyone else's, not trying to have the final word. I will argue my point until I'm convinced otherwise, usually with some better Ti than I was able to come up with myself. This doesn't mean I was 100% convinced that I was correct the whole time. I was unsure, willing to be convinced, just unwilling to drop it until we get on the same page.Would you rather be universally liked, or in charge, assuming the two are mutually incompatible? Which would you choose? Yes, like thatI feel like it's a T thing to agonize over specific wording, ultimately missing the forest for the trees. Either Te or maybe low Ti to then reach out for help clarifying. So I've narrowed it down to 16 possibilities so far. ;)

You have a guess?

Evidence of Ti in myself: I realized my logic actually excludes xxTP from the running, meaning that I narrowed it down to 12 possibilities, not 16, and this bothers me enough to correct it.Te it is! I actually thought INTJ right away, because I've had a similar interaction with one other INTJ, who was unsure of his type and asking a lot of really nit-picky questions about everything I said, just like really unsure of his interpretations of things that didn't seem ambiguous to me. But I didn't feel that I understood this behavior well enough to tie it to INTJs (I really don't "get" Te), so I generalized. Also seemed plausible that it was Fe + unconfident Ti. I should probably trust my intuition more.Pretty sure Ti is Ti no matter who is using it. But it's very intentional and pretty exhausting for someone with tert Ti to use it. I have to decide to slow down and think, and deliberately focus on thinking for the entire time I'm using it. Ni and Fe just happen, so it's easy to be lazy and not use that much Ti sometimes. It's both, that's the problem. As a tert Ti user, it's easy to not use Ti until Ti just kind of steps up and takes over, mindlessly doing the bidding of Ni or Fe. It's still lazy in that Ti mode is over as soon as NiFe is validated. I think that's how it works for people who haven't done much to consciously develop their Ti. We're not inherently concerned with it being accurate as much as we're concerned with it validating the output of our top functions. This can largely be overcome by developing Ti and paying deliberate attention to my thinking, actively trying to rid myself of bias.I got 27 Ne, 23 Se, 23 Fe, 21 Ti, 19 Te, 17 Si, 17 Fi, 13 Ni.

So other than the Ni-Ne mix up, it got all my functions right. I'd say most INFJs are pretty easily excitable, so that's where the mix up happened. Anticipation is a big thing for us.He read a lot of fiction, maybe not poetry. Reading poetry really doesn't seem that common even among NFs, though.I'm still a little confused about what exactly bothers you. Is it that language is used in a way that doesn't "make sense", or is it the structure that you don't like? Like, the constraints imposed on a lot of poetry by rhyme and meter. What made you arrive at INFJ or ENTJ? Haha, I actually love spreadsheets, but I studied CS, had to use them in classes sometimes. Like the physics lab where I got out of doing almost any actual physics lab work (which I fucking hate) by being the only one in my group with any Excel skills. So instead of a lab, I'd go in, set up this complicated spreadsheet, and fill in values as my teammates did the labs.

Anyway, I know you're not looking for advice, but a tutorial on spreadsheets would help you a lot. They're really only confusing at first. They're very straightforward once you know the basics. 

But I do relate to going into "the zone" to work on Ti stuff, and then ignoring, snapping at, or being blunt with anyone who interrupts me. My INTP husband is also like that when he's working on a programming project. I think it happens to everyone who has to tune in really intensely to an introverted function for long periods of time. But it's harder for a feeler to get/stay in the zone.I don't really think he's stressing out, it is just that if you're off in Ti land working on a bunch of details, holding a bunch of threads, and then you get interrupted, it all comes crashing down. It can easily take an hour off of your productive hours for the day. Also, it's just jarring to be reminded that outside demands exist when you're so laser focused on something. 

You'll probably retain some of that if you have to do a lot of spreadsheets, even after you know how to do them. I think it's more related to Ti than stress. It requires focus and thinking to do them. But once you know what you're doing, Ni definitely kicks in and helps.

Oh, and I think, in the context of an INTP programmer, Si helps with structure and organization.Totally relate.I've been door slammed by non INFJs. I never understood why that would be an INFJ thing specifically.Left relationships by disappearing. I was really confusing in relationships when I was younger, hurt a lot of guys accidentally, didn't know how to deal with the mess so I just ghosted when I couldn't do it anymore. I also got into a lot of abusive relationships that hurt me a great deal.I get violently angry, but it would be extremely rare that I would ever desire to turn that physically on another person. If I get *too* worked up, I end up making a mess (like throwing things, etc) or giving myself ridiculous bruises pinching my arm. That actually hurts quite a bit and therefore cuts the rage, and does no permanent damage, so it's my go-to for uncontrollable rage. That's what happens if I get into a totally out of control fight with someone close to me.

I would never get *that* mad at/from a stranger or casual acquaintance. If someone I don't care much about sends me into rage mode, it manifests in a variably convincing/intimidating tantrum, lol. Works best if I'm just over the rage threshold and have had a bit of time to map out what I'll say. At best, I'll spit some airtight Ti backed up by scary mob boss Fe, both convincing and intimidating. At worst, I get too emotional and make a fool of myself. But it won't turn physical until I manage to goad someone into punching me someday. ;) At which point I'm pretty sure I'd just call the cops or something, lol. I'm not engaging in a fight.

If I felt like I needed up to "step in" and do something to prevent something bad from happening, I'd go for a verbal argument. I guess I would get physical to prevent a terrorist attack from happening or something. It would have to be an extreme circumstance.What post? I was thinking about this a couple of days ago while driving home from visiting my mom. I came up with Daria and the kid from Almost Famous right away. Had trouble thinking of a third, so I asked my husband when I got home, and he immediately and confidently said Hannah from Girls. :-|I find that I agree with ENFPs about almost everything, but friendships are hard because we almost universally have horribly awkward chemistry. Regardless, one of my closest friends is ENFP -- I admire her kindness and spontaneous nature, she admires my willingness to deal with emotional darkness and not shy away from a friend in crisis -- and we're still pretty fucking awkward in person, even though we've been friends for a decade at this point, and we really only talk in person. I get along great with INFPs. I noticed the thing with ENFPs long before I knew about mbti, just now have vocabulary to describe it. We'll mostly meet online, chat for a while, really like each other, but then when we meet up there's this wall of awkwardness. I'm happy to take the blame, and usually blame myself, but I'm beginning to think that most ENFPs have the same problem I do with occasional situational awkwardness, and it's just something we bring out in each other.I've been considering that maybe I'm INFP. I feel like I'm too driven by logic for that, but it's beginning to bother me how little I relate to stereotypical Fe, and how almost every character I really relate to ends up being an INFP.I try to stay calm and reasonable when I'm angry, because it is the most efficient way to get through conflict, and it's what I would want to deal with. If I lose my temper, I can usually be reasoned into calming down.I'm a lot more fun and quirky than fun-killingly serious. I can easily become serious if the situation demands it, but I prefer to be fun and playful. I feel like I'm  *very* similar to an ENFP "on paper", but our methods for getting there are so different that they kind of clash with each other? Like we ultimately agree on many things, but when we start discussing specifics we either don't understand or don't care for how the other one thinks, lol. My charm doesn't work on them, and we end up just kind of awkwardly agreeing with each other. There wouldn't necessarily be an IQ boost, anyway. IQ isn't determined by type.I'd be ExTP, probably. They seem better at letting things roll off their backs. I want those skills.I'm aware that it's correlated with type, but the fact remains that if you went searching, you could probably find an example of every type that would score higher than you on an IQ test, regardless of what your type is. Is it weird that I own (and buy) way more books, even though I honestly read pretty rarely? 

This is something that I'm loaning? 

If we were going to watch together, I'd say Gone With The Wind. It's super long (more time together!), and you don't really have to pay close attention to it, which opens us up for talking and making fun of the movie as we feel like it. It's both a good film and a highly mockable film. We could get drunk! Omg I'm getting pumped about this plan. Too bad you're across an ocean.

Not sure what I'd lend you to watch alone, though. You prefer a quirky comedy? Little Miss Sunshine. Mind fuck? Something David Lynch. Quirky drama? Big Fish or Stranger than Fiction. You think Angie is ESTP? Just curious, why?Did you like Little Miss Sunshine? I love it so much.

Gone With The Wind is an epic love story set in the Civil War era US South. It's a compelling story and a worthwhile watch if you're into film at all, but a whole lot of really cringey depictions of slavery, among other things. I think the protagonist is a female ESTP, actually. I think you could get into it.

&gt;London

Careful, I've had the travel bug lately! ;)&gt;And i'm actually pretty terrible at sitting through a whole movie. I fell asleep in the cinema during the last James Bond film. Perhaps it's because i smoke weed all the time and cinemas are dark, warm comfortable places with couchy seats.

That's hilarious. My ISTP brother (who is 24, not some old man, lol) falls asleep as soon as he sits down to watch something, every fucking time. 

&gt;Meanwhile i sprained my ankle last week! I'm finally immobile. Nah nto really... went out to the club on MDMA on sunday night. Boom. Fuck going to work.

How'd you sprain your ankle? Was the club fun? I've never done anything like that. Kind of doubtful MDMA would be enough to make me like clubs, but I've never tried it. Kind of interested, afraid of crashing after (already have issues with depression and all).My INTP just recently discovered "fam" and has been calling me that all week to annoy me.I'm going to be an ENFP for a while!He called me sis before.I think Ni and Ti are both kind of monotone, Fe expressive, like showing lots of emotions (any emotions) on the face. Se is engaged and energetic.I'm terrible about being mindlessly loud (or growing louder and louder as I pick up steam), and also about steamrolling people.Clear Introversion: 17/21

Very Clear Intuition: 26/26

Moderate Feeling: 16/24

Moderate Perceiving: 14/22

I usually get INFP when I take these things, because I am more spontaneous than planny, and I am less concerned with people pleasing than the average Fe-aux. Thoughts? Anyone think I'm really INFP? Personally, I am more likely to be nitpicking the quality of the program than I am to be moved to tears by the content.You think that from the comment you're replying to, or because you're familiar with me from this sub? Haha me too. Everything I share on Facebook is either funny or academic. The thought of making sappy updates about my romantic partner makes my skin crawl.Please don't speak for me. And for the record, I find you way more annoying. It's hit or miss with INFJs for me.I may actually get along better with INFPs.This is not much to go on at all, but wild guess: sister ExFP (would lean toward S from what you've said), you INFx, but less sure about that. Not liking indecisiveness would point to J. I'm mostly going with F because of the ants story, so that may be off base. Decided N because you are a rule breaker and you see past the passions of the present moment in a fight. I remember John Key from the pigtail fondling incident. I have an ENFP friend in Wellington who hates him. This dude is a nightmare of an SJW, even from my perspective, but OTOH, Key seems pretty awful.Personality typing is more about figuring out how you thought to say that than anything else. We would try to isolate and examine your thought processes in order to type you. You may be fucked up (if so, you'll fit right in around here!), but you're still viewing the world in a certain way. It can be analyzed.

But, of course, personality typing is a pseudoscience at best. You shouldn't take it *too* seriously. It's too help you understand yourself. I think it helps give me the vocabulary to think about some of my problems in a new light. Best to use it primarily as a tool for self development.How can you be *too* reckless with Ne? I've certainly used Se with wild abandon before.The function tests are a bit confusing, but INFP seems pretty likely with those results. Just read about the functions and decide for yourself.Today I ate brunch at a bakery, took a nap, played with my dog, did some laundry, watched a movie (Moneyball). 

Tomorrow I'll probably go out for lunch again (I'm terrible with money, lol), do most of the same mundane activities, watch another movie (I've already decided it's Edward Scissorhands, which I've somehow never seen). 

I'd say this is pretty stereotypical for my type.Hopefully tonight! The Gene Wilder Willy Wonka scared the shit out of me as a child.Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that I'll be smoking weed all day, haha. That's true of me as well.Probably ESFJ.I think we can probably agree she sounds like a sensor? Always wanting to talk about/keep up with her friends, feelings on the surface, judgemental and controlling all sound like high Fe. Also sounds like she has extrovert energy levels. She sounds like my ESFJ mom. 

What type do you think? What's your reasoning?Oh my god. I've never seen a pic of you before, and you're adorable. &lt;3LolLOL, nobody who follows u/kbnation's contributions to this sub thinks he's making ESTPs look dumb. He's quite smart.

Didn't I just see you ask someone in that picture thread yesterday if they're a girl or a boy? It caught my attention. When I read that,  I was like "Damn, that's stupid. I guess I've gotten used to the smart ESTPs that usually post around here."I've actually been calling people out left and right lately. Maybe I'm in one on my *moods*.&gt;TLDR; i think this is the xSFP bitch from [yesterday](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/59eejd/best_way_to_instantly_tell_if_someone_is_a_p_or_j/d98wmhw/?context=3) on an alt...

That would actually make a lot of sense.Sorry you're so adorable, then. XDI only look at Facebook maybe a few times a week, to keep up with people. I don't use Twitter or Instagram or anything. Reddit is my main form of social media, which I should definitely cut back on.

I did unsub from almost all of the popular/controversial/negative subs that I used to be active in, and I've been consistently happy with that decision. I've also checked out of almost all of the election drama, which has been fantastic. You're definitely correct. There's just no way that it's only Ne-Si types that have bipolar. It might be correlated, but I've never seen or heard of any such study.I subvocalize a lot, or else my thoughts are sort of fuzzy and formless, with like a word or phrase coming to the surface occasionally, or a partial visualization.I've never noticed that INFJ and ISTP get along that well. My ISTP brother scoffs at like 80% of what I say, which is sort of weird to me. I'm pretty logical, typically get along great with NTs, but ISTPs tend to not be into it.

I usually get along a bit better with ESTPs, actually. I have like, maybe 10 favorite songs. I doubt I could narrow it down farther than that.I find this thread amusing, because basically nobody except for my INFP friends will take my weird art house movie suggestions. I understand things how I understand them, basically. Sometimes it's the traditional understanding, other times I make truly bizarre inferences that could only possibly make sense to me. I usually can't tell the difference until I've verified. 

I don't sit and analyze things people say much at all, though. I make a snap judgement, which I just go with, that will only ever be verified outside of my head of it happens to come up in conversation. If I can't decide on a plausible understudying in the moment, I'll either ask for clarification, or sort of earmark the information as "not understood", and hope it clears itself up later, rather than make assumptions or over analyze. 

I ultimately assume the individual statements people make aren't that clear, thought out, or accurate, so not that worthy of analysis. Much better to ask for clarification and force the person who originally had the thought to flesh it out more precisely. Guessing is pointless, and it makes me anxious.&gt;All of these statements are good examples of how being perceiving dominant works in INFJs, IMO. (Assuming your flair is accurate).

haha, who knows? I don't relate strongly to most stereotypical extroverted judger traits. In many ways, I feel more like a P. But INFP doesn't fit very well, because I'm excessively logical, seem to rely on Ti a lot. INTP doesn't fit very well, because I'm almost certainly a feeler. Fe definitely wouldn't be at the bottom for me. Thinky INFJ seems to fit best.

&gt;This may be a difference between you and me. I will maybe have tentative ideas about what's going on, and I will tend not to act on them as judgements at all until I understand more/better. That inner state of "I don't know until I get more data" is a default inner context in me even if I have an idea of what's going on.

It really depends on if I thought I understood it. Sometimes, I will instantly "understand" information, only to realize later that my initial understanding was quite...whimsical, lol. I won't notice in the moment, because it all seemed very obvious at first, as if I "got it". Sometimes it's like you describe, and I realize from the start I don't understand something, without a false "aha" moment.&gt;How do you proceed, in terms of action related to whatever it is, when this happens?

If I misunderstood, I will usually say "Oh, I misundestood" or something. I'm kind of bad about pointlessly trying to explain what wrong thing I thought, just to clear the air, but other than that I just want to move forward with the correct understanding. I think you're getting the wrong impression about how and why this happens. Doesn't everyone misunderstand things?I'm uncertain about a lot of things, maybe most things. I essentially believe that I know almost nothing, in that the more I reflect on anything, the less certain I am that I know anything about it. But that's a really impractical mode of being, so I'm pretty accustomed to acting on my initial understanding of things, without necessarily agonizing over what the "real truth" might be. I'm usually not surprised at all that I didn't understand a thing, and am usually somewhat surprised I didn't notice my error beforehand. 

I ultimately think that everything is a matter of perspective, and the idea of "objective truth" is usually an illusion. One that I buy into sometimes, but an illusion nonetheless. No matter how true something seems on some level, there's usually a competing perspective containing a contradictory truth. It's basically impossible to really know anything.

Edit: Just to pontificate some more, lol, I also find that if you "zoom out" (or even "zoom in") far enough, everything we think is real just falls apart. Zoom out far enough, you realize that we fundamentally don't understand the universe. Like, quantum physics is fucked up. It makes no sense to our intuition, and it doesn't mesh with a lot of the science that came before it, but it appears to be fundamental to the universe. That signals to me that any number of fundamental truths may exist beyond our current ability to understand them, and maybe just beyond our ability to understand, period. Unknowable is a real thing. People should get comfortable with it.

Edit 2: The above is why everything seems surreal to me, not to be taken too seriously. That's why I am more or less comfortable with acting on instinct even though I pretty much literally never feel certain of anything. But other times, I worry and think. It kind of depends on what my instincts do with the information, if that makes any sense. 

Having read all that (if you did, lol), I would be interested in your opinion of my mbti and Enneagram type, if you have one. :)In regard to your edit, it's less that I'm totally certain (I would agree with your perspective that I can never be certain of anything), and more that I am reacting instinctively, without having thought much at all about truth or objectivity or whatever. 

Sometimes things just really are simple and clear right away, right? But then sometimes they seem that way to me initially, but turn out to be complicated and ugly like almost everything. :P Very very selfish. Like, extremely.Emotion is also drives you, whether you like it or not. Being out of touch with their emotions (desires) is why so many INTPs struggle with motivation for so much of their lives. Yeah, I'm depressed, too. :( But I would point out that that's an indication of an emotional problem, not necessarily just the way it has to/will always be for you.lol, I think he was like that when I found him.You have an emotional attachment to reducing things to the mechanical level, as in, doing that soothes your turbulent emotions. You will always run into the problem that you can't reduce yourself that way, and you can't really make your emotional problems go away with that tool, because you aren't mechanical. You aren't really logical, either, deep down. None of us are. 

Clinging too hard to the idea that you can understand everything is bound to end in failure. At some point, you also have to become comfortable with not being able to know everything before you act.&gt;But then I just act shitty and make bad decisions, with a percentage scenario of actually knowing about my mistakes and an even smaller chance of learning from them

See, you're already assigning a % chance of failure, % chance of failure without learning anything, etc. It is all to talk yourself out of trying things, because you "know" they will fail. But it doesn't take into account that quite often, not acting is the selfish and irresponsible thing. At some point, taking no action is an action, and it's not always the best one. I would even say usually not, assuming you intended to take action at one point but never pulled the trigger because you weren't sure/prepared enough.

And there may be a "mechanical level" to humans, but it is not the lowest level. You won't fix the problems with your psyche on the mechanical level.I'm not talking about spirituality or higher powers or the meaning of life or anything. I also don't believe in any of that. I just mean that a full technical understanding of everything won't ease your emotional suffering or stop your existential crisis. Our brains don't work like that.I seriously wish you the best with that life strategy, but it has yet to work for myself or anyone I've known. It sounds good in theory, but in my actual experience, knowing that your struggles are immaterial and irrelevant, no matter how deeply you believe it, does not help you get through them in the slightest. It only takes you further into nihilism and demotivation, because at the end of the day, *nothing* matters, and in light of that, doing anything seems unjustifiable.What do you mean by this?I guess, but this seems like a pretty flimsy reason not to start a club. Cold and cranky (and blurry because of a crack in my phone screen) [INFJ 6w7](http://imgur.com/UWCXpic). Good job on being hot, OP! ;)You're so pretty! You wear lip color so well! Is it inappropriate to comment on your boobs? Because they look *fantastic* in that dress, which is also a great color on you. Cute freckles!You're very cute. I love your expression, lolWoody Allen, an ISTP? No way. He talks way, way too much.They come in pairs. Ne and Si, Ni and Se, Fe and Ti, Fi and Te. The stack has 4 slots, so room for one N-S pair, and one F-T pair. That's why you can't have both Fi and Ti.31, and I'm somewhere in the middle. I wouldn't exactly say I'm "unhealthy", and I'm way, way, way healthier than at my worst. But I'm not at a place in my personal development where I'm ready to call it a day, either.

I meditate, introspect, read self help books, come up with strategies to improve (and measure my improvement) in various ways. Sometimes I even talk to people. ;) It usually seems like it's 1.5 steps forward, 1 step back, honestly. But there is slow progress.At first I was going to say "2 steps forward, 1 step back" but then I was like "nah, that's way too much progress" so I subtracted .5, lol. I'm aware (having taken a bunch of advanced math classes) that I can multiply that by 2 to make it prettier, but my feeler brain doesn't actually like thinking about math, so it peaces out way before I get around to considering things like that. :PUsually me. I've been obsessed with comedy my whole life, I have a keen eye for the absurd, and I'm near constantly filtering everything through a sieve of "can this be transformed into humor?" It could take the form of sarcastic remarks, or pointing out humorous inconsistencies and absurdity. I also like to banter and bust people's chops. I also tend to speak kind of dramatically, at least when I get going, so a lot of gestures and facial expressions. My facial expressiveness is actually probably my best comedic tool. I get a lot of laughs just from making faces.But I just laid out some logical reasoning for you! Just not to the end you wanted. :PVery accurate, lol. I even sit like that! But then I'm also talking when I'm not typing the characters. :PI think you're extremely smart, and also creative. It's the creativity that bites you in the ass with your self expression. There's just so much going on in there, it comes out as a flood of loosely connected thoughts that can be difficult to follow at times. 

But clarity is a skill you can practice pretty easily, at least with your writing. After you write a comment (or whatever), read it again. Ask yourself if anything can be simplified. Do you need all those words? I usually end up trimming out about half of the bulk when I edit, plus reworking a few wonky sentences. Editing is a very useful skill to learn.Ugh, I'm the worst about reacting like I'm pissed when I have an unpleasant emotion. Usually I start out seeming pissed, then over the course of the conversion I realize I'm just crawling out of my skin with anxiety.What makes you think your real self is absolutely despicable? I very seriously doubt that. 

At any rate, your actions determine how "bad" you are to a much greater degree than your thoughts, which, like it or not, are largely compulsive and mostly meaningless. You don't have to let your compulsive brain activity define how you feel about yourself. Have you ever tried meditation? I think you would benefit from it.Lol, I don't mean to abstract everything until it's literally meaningless ("is is"). I mean to make sure you are clear so other people understand the meat of what you're trying to say. Curious, would you consider most of my comments to be soulless or interchangeable? Because this is the progress I use, and it mostly ends with me feeling like people "got" what I was trying to say. 

Trust me, you can cut half of the words out of your comments and still convey an original thought. You may think it looks soulless or standardized in some way, but your hit rate for connecting with people should go way up. Of course, doing things your way will weed out people who are never going to fully understand you, so it depends on what you want. But if you want people to understand you en masse, a reasonable amount of simplification goes a long way.If you ever want a nonjudgmental opinion on whether or not a thought you're having makes you a complete piece of shit, feel free to PM. It is a terrible feeling, and one that I'm very familiar with. 

But like you said yourself, you're just expansive. You're aware of the negative aspects of life, which is unsurprising, considering that you've had the misfortune of having a lot of negative experiences fed into your feedback loop from a young age. But being in touch with darkness doesn't make you a dark force, or at least, it doesn't have to. You have a different perspective from most people, but that's okay. It can even be good in some ways. 

Plus, a lot of the confusion will clear up with age. Meditation also helps, like I said. It is way easier to be objective if you can detach from your mental drama and take a bird's eye view. Examine the contents of your brain without identifying with it. 

Oh yeah, being spiteful when people challenge you also doesn't make you horrible, lol. That one's totally normal, if not ideal. It's great that you notice it and can be honest about it!On the contrary, I totally get it. I mean, the fuck you probably isn't necessary, but I literally don't expect people to take my advice. Anyway, the offer was to listen, not to give advice, although I obviously compulsively give annoying advice, so I would probably do that, too, lol. But I am aware I can be obnoxious, so I mostly don't begrudge a "fuck you" here or there. It's not that big of a deal. Most things aren't. 

The zero willpower thing is my big problem, too. I know all this stuff, but in some ways, knowing too much seems to prevent me from being a productive, functional member of society. I used to hate myself for it, too. But then I decided not to, because why should I?I think I see what you're saying better now, and why you think you're just naturally amoral/gross. Part of it is not being very in touch with your emotions. Is it accurate to say that you are in the habit of suppressing your feelings and natural impressions of right vs wrong, in favor of detached logic, because it is more comfortable to you? Even though it leads to thoughts and actions that could be considered despicable by yourself and others? 

But you clearly know right from wrong, even if you don't naturally value those impressions. You've built yourself a little Ti fortress so you don't have to feel bad about ignoring your morals. I have too, to an extent. To some degree, it's necessary in order to rise above the groupthink and inconsistent cultural notions of morality. But you'll gradually incorporate all of it into your world view. It comes with age as developing your lower functions.Lol, I would consider that clarifying myself or correcting a misconception, not taking the blame for anything. I don't really believe you are to blame for how you are, though. People just are. They can't help it. It's a really positive thing that you even think about things like this. 

But if I'm annoying you, you need only stop replying. :P

&gt;For me it's more like I'm upset I'm not working the way I want to

Yeah, me too, believe me. I alternate between angry and depressed about it. I seem to have no free will at all, at least not as it pertains to stopping self destructive behavior. It's incredibly frustrating. 

But somewhere along the way, I realized that indulging that negative self image only takes me farther and farther away from being able to actually do anything about it, so I decided that step one should be to get rid of it.&gt;If I were to say this I'd be like "WWhhhhhhHHAaaaAT! THE FUCK- CHECK THAT 1000x times cause you're not allowed to say crazy shit like this" in my head.

&gt;"Oh lookie here, I am an absolutely awful person" is a data point, not a conclusion to mull over to me. "Nothing can be done/ no solution is found" to me is the equivalent depressing damage.

The problem here is that, by avoiding thinking in terms of "good" vs "bad", "correct" vs "incorrect" about your thought processes, you're casually making a shit ton of conclusions, and taking them as "data points" without much reflection. "I'm an absolutely awful person" is absolutely a conclusion, not a data point, because there's no objectivity in sight. In fact, it's impossible to be objective about it. That's why you don't like thinking about this stuff, yes? But does it make sense to then take your inherently unobjective conclusions as fact? I'd say no.

What I mean by being out of touch with your emotions is that, because you don't feel anything when you think "I'm a terrible person", it allows you to believe you're being somehow objective, and that you've just discovered a neutral truth. But in reality, you're feeding *a lot* of self-loathing nonsense into your worldview, and treating it as fact, because you don't experience or don't pay attention to the emotional response that would otherwise clue you in that your thinking may be off (or just incomplete).

&gt;Just thought I'd point out that distinction because- well I had no reason

It was useful, though. :)People with "high moral integrity" usually need to calm down about their emotions/self righteousness. The idea isn't to go to the other extreme, but to find the balance. Emotion should inform your thoughts, not lead them.I love ridiculous ghost shows, does that count? Ghost Adventures is amazing if you want to watch 3 xSTP bros pretend to be afraid of the dark and attempt to antagonize ghosts in a COME AT ME, GHOST BRO! kind of way. 

Oh, and a quick anecdote of a time I (INFJ) frightened my INTP husband: we were watching some show where people recount their super scary ghost stories. The one we were watching involved a family that moved into a new house, then a little girl ghost keeps appearing to the little girl and saying that she's buried under a tree in the yard. They later find a really old picture in the attic that the little girl claims is her imaginary friend, etc, etc. The evidence is piling up. I asked my husband at what point he would just dig under the tree and put the matter to rest one way or the other, and I don't think I've ever seen him so horrified at something I've said. He said that we will definitely never, under ANY circumstances, dig up a tree to check for ghosts, LOLThey're probably selling candy bars or want to mow my lawn. What makes 0% sense to me is someone who drives miles and miles to my house but doesn't call first. It's rude to just show up on people's doorsteps unannounced. If I'm not wearing a bra, I'm not answering the door. If I answer the door without a bra, I'm going to be cranky as hell about it. My INTP really wants to get a door mat that reads GO AWAY, lol. We were just shopping for door mats recently. I liked [this one] (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B003AU283O/), he liked [this one] (https://www.amazon.com/dp/B000I1UYXO/). At the end of the day, it was too big of a decision for us, so we still have the ugly "Bless This Home" mat that came with the house. :PLol, if you think it's un-INTP to get in a stupid internet argument, you need to recalibrate. Every INTP I know gets emotional (angry) at the sight of (what they perceive be) dumb people spouting off dumb shit. They will often drop everything to lecture said person at length, and become (hilariously) more and more upset if they can't lecture the dumb out of them, especially if they just keep repeating the same dumb shit over and over. 

Check out the Trump thread from r/intp yesterday, if you want to see some mad INTPs.Wow, that's insane. Did she give any credentials? I would be tempted to contact her employer and verify that they're aware of what she's "teaching". It's the sole reason you guys don't always kill in debates, imo. You're usually more convincing than ENTPs, but you tend to get emotional without realizing it, which undermines your arguments. I can tell my INTP has gotten into an internet argument when he starts making frustrated sounds at his laptop, lol. I think it's cute. Unless it's directed at me. :PYou sure you don't mean ENFJ? INFJs are weird and withdrawn, similar to INTJ. I mean, you're wrong, whatever you meant, but INFJs are definitely not what you think.Combination of mistypes and intuitives preferring the city.Aww, we had the same high school experience.I think we always hope the truth of what we're saying will be self-evident. If not, we just have to explain more and more and more until you agree. ;)I also haven't really noticed the hate. I mean, a few people don't like INFJs. I think most of those people just blanket hate NFs, honestly. But overall, INFPs seem to catch more shit. 

At any rate, I judge people as individuals. If I don't like someone, it's because of something they personally did or said. There are awesome people of every type, and near total shitheads of every type. Knowing someone's type is sort of helpful for getting on the same page as them. It's not helpful at all to determine if they're worth talking to.The problem with your theorizing is that you assume that you yourself have no bias, which is cute but not true. :P

I would generalize and say that this is a common "problem" for INTPs. Not in touch with your emotions, unaware of your biases. INTPs will get angry and go completely irrational on you, but it's impossible to convince them of this. 

What you're experiencing as INFJs being "unable to carry themselves through opposition" is probably INFJs getting really frustrated with your debating style of rambling off an essay around what they're saying, but apparently never taking the time to understand what they're actually trying (maybe imperfectly) to say. 

We want you to think and understand the message behind our words, and ask questions if it's not clear. INTPs like to assume they know what we mean, even if they don't, then proceed to pedantically pick it apart, which can cause them to miss the point, from the INFJ's perspective. The INFJ eventually gets frustrated with this, and starts to think things like "why is he treating me like this?" That's when you start seeing emotions and real subjectivity.

Like, I'm pretty sure the response to this is going to be a long ramble about whatever's going on in your head, that misses most of what I said and causes me to have to totally regroup, conversationally, and on and on. I'm also pretty sure that whatever points you do pick up on will be what pinged when you read through the first time looking for ways that I'm full of shit, so you can disregard everything I said. :P

If you want to get the most out of conversations with INFJs, you have to actually try to see where they're coming from, or it turns adversarial fast, which takes the INFJ to the subjective emotional place you don't like. You don't have to agree, but you pretty much have to demonstrate that you understand.&gt;But I do know where they are coming from and what attitude they have, 

This is a common INTP attitude, though, lol. In my personal experience, they usually *don't* get what I'm saying, but I eventually give up after they won't let me say it, as they're too busy trying to tell me what I'm saying and how they understand (and usually also that I'm wrong). 

I was actually talking to my husband (INTP) a couple of days ago, and I was trying to say something, and he kept interrupting me -- "I think we're saying the same thing", "OK, so we agree", "Yup, totally understand what you're saying". The problem being, I never had a fucking chance to say what I was saying, and he had NO CLUE whether or not we agreed. He literally never heard my point. He was agreeing to some shit in his head. INTPs do that a lot.

&gt;INFJs don't seem to be about that, they seem to want something to actually happen while I would be happy watching the world burn as long as it is interesting


I will agree with you on this point. I think this is basically what's meant by suppressing Fe for INTPs vs suppressing Ti for INFJs. At the end of the day, I do see the world through a filter of value judgments. This is good, this is bad. I want this, but not that. I'm pragmatic with my thinking, which offends INTP sensibilities. There's not a lot in the world that I feel truly "neutral" about. I can talk Ti all day, but it doesn't have the detached, "just here to learn" flavor that INTP thinking has. I always have an agenda of some sort.

I notice this the most with my husband when we talk about our various mental problems. Both have issues with depression and anxiety, pretty par for the course for INTP and INFJ. So we relate a lot to each other's struggles, but when we dig deep down, it's not the same for us. I'm like "depression bad; happy and productive good", whereas he's more like "nothing is good or bad; depression is the natural state of the thinking person, not something to rise above". INTPs seem to have trouble even valuating their misery as "bad". I just can't relate to that. 

&gt;Like an INFJ would argue "You don't understand, people just need to open their hearts" and I go "But that's a two-way street, what are the ways this can go wrong, here are some examples of it not working based off what we were just talking about, what about these people, what about this perspective", "yeeeaaah, that's sad, but idk, people should keep their hearts open that's important", "That's nice but reality wants something a little tougher than an attitude shift"

LOL, I don't relate to that example at all. I am happy to give arguments and flesh out my ideas. I'll just continue to think I'm right until you prove otherwise to my satisfaction. I think INFJs and INTPs are similar in that way. Maybe INFJs care more about being "right", but INTPs are pretty impossible to convince once they have something in their heads, as well. And frankly, I've never known you to be so straightforward with your arguments. :P 

So I would go with either you don't understand their arguments as well as you think (this is a really, really common thing with NTPs, which can eventually lead to the NFJ just giving up trying to get their point across), or you're talking to low Ti INFJs. I consider myself to be weird, and I think eccentric fits. I've always kind of stuck out like a sore thumb in my environment. Granted, my environment has almost exclusively been the US South, so that may have something to do with it. I had rejected the religion of my parents (and basically everyone else I knew) and developed strong political beliefs in disagreement with almost everyone I knew, by age 12-13. Even before I grew oppositional, I was just weird. I said weird things, my interests were weird. I had trouble making friends. That's more or less still the case.  I would guess it's not function related. I'm the worst at this. I conflate words, forget words, make up new compound words to replace them. My speaking style is a bit of a mess. Maybe it's ADD?I think that in the case of this stereotype, "going with intuition/gut" means "paying attention to emotions and criteria other than logic". LOLInteresting! I also relate most to absurdism.It's traditionally been more difficult for me to stay out of a relationship than get into one. Dale Cooper from Twin Peaks. Don't think so. I think Ns seek out other Ns. I haven't noticed NJs flocking together at all. I've noticed that most INxJs seem to prefer Ps, if anything.I love it! Any random S&amp;G (or Paul Simon) song could be an INFJ anthem, though. Homeward Bound. America. Graceland. God I love him so much.

I'm also really fond of Bob Dylan's Don't Think Twice, It's Alright, and Leonard Cohen's Bird on a Wire.This is generally a decent way to tell introvert from extrovert, at least for Fe types. Most introverts are embarrassed easily and keep that shame with them forever. An introvert will spend their whole life recovering from a handful of embarrassments. Extroverts are hardly ever that sensitive about embarrassment and shame. They're like "oh well!" about it, if they even acknowledge it at all.Interesting how many people think INFJ is a shade of purple! I think mauve or lilac for us, although I also like the seafoam green suggestion. INTP is blue-gray.Melancholia really reminded me of me at my worst.Agnostic, but emphasis on not believing in things that sound wonky and have no proof (ahem, God). But I really don't think we know very much at all about the universe beyond what is easily observable and testable by us, which is a staggering limitation. So afaik, the truth could be like the end of MiB, and our entire universe exists within a marble, as a model to amuse some unfathomable being. I've given up worrying about it. 

I use facts, intuition, and whimsy, in that order, to judge the world. I'd rather follow my own voice than a religion, and I feel that I need to loosen up and have fun (where the whimsy comes into play) more than I need moral guidance.I've noticed that INTPs usually seem to love electronic/dance music. I can't get into much more detail, because I don't love it so I don't really understand, but every INTP ex I've had made some flavor of electronic music and had a club/dance/rave phase of some sort in their youth. 

By contrast, I like sad white guy music, lol. I'm really picky, to the point that I have a definite "style" that you can trace through all my favorite media (movies, books, music, TV, etc). But I choose on very odd criteria, so it's difficult for others to guess what I'm going to like. I want to feel like someone looked into my head and told me something I didn't know about myself, like they presented me to me in a new way. I'm really into lyrics, and anything that breaks through the thinking barrier and makes me feel strongly.I'm incredibly fidgety, unless I'm 100% focused on relaxing. I change positions or rock back and forth constantly if sitting, pace or shift weight from foot to foot if standing, touch *everything*, bounce my foot up and down, twirl around on spinning seats, tap my fingers, etc, etc. Long plane rides are torturous to me. I've been assuming it's the inferior Se.This doesn't fit at all with the INTPs I've been close to. They're mostly very emotional (this may be selection bias on my part, but a lot of them are), but they just can't *deal with* their emotions appropriately, so they attempt to ignore the emotional input until they can't anymore. Like, if INTPs are robots (no offense INTPs -- I love you guys), they're the shittiest robots I can imagine. They're inefficient to the max.I don't think it's that he requires active effort to use Ni, but more like he needs an uninterrupted block of time to work through all his impressions and thoughts. I think that's normal for a Ni dom, to want to do important concentration in a quiet place, so your whole thought process doesn't come crashing down around you at the first distraction, before you've had a chance to "put it into words". The translation is the thing that takes so much concentration in the first place. Those impressions are fleeting, ime. They don't just reappear later when there's time to concentrate.I feel like other INs "get" me the best, or at least the most easily. 


Some tangential thoughts about how I personally have related to different types:


I can also form deep bonds with certain SFJs because they can seem to accept me more deeply than others, although they never really "understand" me in the sense that they would be able to predict what I'll think about things. 

ESTPs seem to think how I think is cute and enjoy debating and/or fucking with me. This is fun, but we have to work a lot to get where the other person is coming from. ISTPs would probably understand me ok, but they tend to *disagree* with almost everything about me, and don't usually love to waste energy on analyzing why we disagree, so my relationships with ISTPs are usually arm's length.

Haven't had enough close relationships with ENxPs to say much, but the ones I've almost had have been hindered by the fact that they don't love sitting around having private, one on one conversations, and that's the only way to get to know me.Doesn't it also invalidate your point? At least, I understood you to be saying that the fact that he needs time alone to use Ni to its fullest potential suggests that he's not a Ni dom. But you've just said yourself that all introverted functions work like that. Sorry if I've misunderstood.Maybe I'm INFP after all…Yeah, agree. I think this is one of the ways that it's tricky to tell INxJ from INxP, because it's not like I have A Plan that can't be deviated from. But, at the same time, I don't just improvise my way through life. I think about situations that may come to pass in the future, and how I *would* handle them. I basically have a million loose plans, any one of which may kick in at any moment. 

And, again, it's not that I'm like "ok, I have a 20-point plan ready for this situation." It's more like I already have an idea of what should be done in most situations I would encounter, without having to do a whole lot of improvisational problem solving when the problem situation arises. If I genuinely do have to solve a crisis entirely from scratch in real time, my decision-making suffers. I panic and my baby Se comes to the rescue, advising me to do totally random shit.My parents (I think ESFJ mom and unhealthily withdrawn ISFJ dad) have given up on me, haha. They are either too afraid I will stop talking to them, or just too resigned to my "stubbornness" (or probably both) to criticize my life choices. They tread very lightly with this kind of thing. My mom likes to take passive aggressive digs at my personality, though. Like, making subtle, unfavorable comparisons of me and other people. She is particularly always implying that I should be more like her, without outright saying it.I thought WW was an INTP. I think he's generally very difficult to type, as his world blew up at the beginning of the series and he seems to be developing an entirely new personality from the one he had before. We don't have a good understanding of what he was like before facing the stress of obliteration.I LOVED learning Latin. Also loved Spanish. Hated German, though. I can see it being associated with Te, lolAgree. I think a firm belief in "the essence" of things suggests high Ni. If anything, high Fi users seem to shy away from that kind of reductive language.Usually if I say anything about "essences" or anything similar to an INTP, he'll get skeptical and start asking a bunch of questions to contradict me. I think they're happy to believe in "essences" that they invented, though. :P It's more of a common language (that both of us can use, mostly understanding what the other is going for) with INTJs.Most people seem to recoil from Ni (at least mine, lol), if not carefully filtered through Fe. It's too weird, too blunt, too intense. It makes people uncomfortable. People also hate when I add too much Ti in the mix, which adds a layer of subversiveness and stubbornness. 

I actually rub a lot of people the wrong way with this mix. Fe only goes so far toward correcting it, especially as I value calling things how I see them over making people comfortable. I mostly got there after I realized that a lot of people are very uncomfortable with how I think, and will dislike me no matter how I try to hide it. So I don't try very hard anymore. Not sure, but I'm extremely fidgety, to the point that I become quite anxious (building to a legit panic attack) if I absolutely have to remain still, or if I'm confined so I can't move around freely. I also start trembling if I try to stay really still. It makes me tense.Hard to tell I or E from an obituary, but I agree he sounds very xSTP.Bale is the INTJiest of INTJs.

I thought relatively unhinged ESTJ for Carrel.

ESTP sounds right for Gosling.

I think I was guessing INTP for Pitt.

It seems unlikely to me that many dominant feelers devote all their time to thinking about esoteric financial calculations. It makes my head hurt just thinking about it.I would hesitate to tie aux Fe to above average social graces, at least in INFJs. A lot of us are awkward. If you spend most of your time in your head, which is totally the case for a lot of INFJs, you'll probably be a bit socially awkward.I almost always order a latte (either hot or iced, depending on season/mood), plain or with 1 pump of vanilla, usually with a vanilla pizelle. I change up my order sightly almost every time. You seem to really discount the influence of the aux function, at least in Ni-doms. Aux Fe especially exerts a "normalizing" force on the personality. Aux Fe types at least want to appear normal-ish, so they mask. How do you recognize/deal with people who try to appear some other way than their natural disposition? 

I know, personally, I am naturally prone to being incredibly verbose in trying to describe the byzantine workings of my mind, but I pretty quickly realized that people generally don't respond well, so I spent the rest of my life learning to edit what I put out to the world. Learning to communicate my ideas in a way they'll be taken seriously is really one of my "research areas" that I've been compulsively trying to master my whole life. I don't know if you'll think I'm a Ni-dom, but if I am, it seems like your system would have a hard time picking up on it because of the extent to which I typically edit myself. 

Also seems strange that you specify that Ni-doms aren't Gandalf-esque wizards, then you turn around and define them by exceptionality? I seriously, seriously doubt that any personality type contains only "exceptional" people. I really think he's prone to mistyping Ni-doms who have simply learned that people don't tend to listen to anything you have to say if it's "clearly subjective". Like, I pretty much think in statements. I know from experience that these thought-statements, while they may be insightful, are controversial, often blunt, and uncomfortable for people. I eventually realized that people don't take well to assertions of strange, uncomfortable notions that are far from obvious to them.

To make up for that, and also to prove to myself that my ideas are as valid as they seem before I go public with them, I try to dress up my thoughts in a way that is more objective. I give examples, appeal to my experience, throw in some facts, add an "ime" to remind people that I'm aware I'm not right all the time (people seem to perceive me as arrogant a lot), and that I know there might be a different/better way to see things. I don't think my ideas are worth much if I can't express them meaningfully, and I know from experience that only a small subset of people are receptive to my unfiltered perceptions, so I make all these conscious rhetorical concessions to make my thoughts more acceptable to the average person.

It seems like that would make me seem like an Si-dom by his system, but there's just no way that's the case. Could you give an example of what Ni-dominant writing looks like to you? It would be helpful if you'd highlight the influence of inferior Se, since you rely on it so much to type Ni-doms. This is really good.

&gt;may try to adjust their delivery and presentation not to disguise themselves but to suit their understanding of what others will understand

This is an entirely accurate assessment of how I try to communicate, and people 100% think I'm weird no matter what I do. Some people instantly love me, some people instantly hate me. People often seem to have a strong reaction. 

Another common theme in my life is S-doms thinking I'm literally stupid, because I am clumsy and don't pay attention to what I'm doing from moment to moment. At least, I assume that's why. It's happened several times throughout my life, and it's always jarring, because most other people instantly recognize me as "smart".

&gt;Ni users can, almost paradoxically, be largely unaware of the effect or impression they have on others, or can fail to see how they had such an effect or created such an impression,

Definitely a problem that plagues me. I don't fully understand how people perceive me, and I don't like to waste my time worrying about it anymore. It's a black hole. I've responded in part by trying to be as objective and easy to understand as possible. It's somewhat successful, but people can definitely still tell I'm strange and unpredictable.

The only thing I can say about how I think is that the impressions just come to me. I justify them later. I usually won't give up those impressions unless I can justify them, because it's more important to me to be right than to sound deceptively profound. The internet taught me that one, I think, by collectively jumping down my throat at a few vulnerable moments when I was talking out of my ass too much.If anything, I'd judge ISFJs as more likely to sweep things under the rug than ESFJs, who ime are usually pretty temperamental and given to emotional tantrums. Introverts just have less energy for that shit. We just make the necessary adjustments to ourselves. You meet with less resistance that way.I actively try to be more confrontational and proactive about making sure my needs get met, but it's an easy trap to fall into if I'm not paying attention. Also, it seems like a bit of a no-win situation, because people act like I'm a bitch if I look out for myself, but they also don't seem to like it when I repress myself until I just "nope" out of the relationship one day. I am also an INFJ who got Judgement.Be direct. Your brother is dead, you just want to move on. If he persists, I hate to say this, but ime being unpleasant is the next step. Most people will leave you alone after you call them out on their bad behavior.I'm usually pretty "outgoing" for an introvert, as in I've learned to deal with the fear of speaking my mind, for the most part. I'm willing to speak up. But I wouldn't say that's exactly the same as adopting an extroverted persona, exactly. Still more like an introvert that talks a lot, lol. 

I get more "extroverted" when I drink, or maybe if I'm really nervous about a social situation. It takes a lot for Fe to fully overcome the Ni-Ti leash I keep on it. It feels out of control to me, when I'm like this. 5w4I got melancholic overall, choleric next, sanguine close behind. That sounds about right to be. Also not surprised that calmness is being left in the dust here, lol.I thought Glover seemed more ENFP than INFP in his show, at least.I'm talking about Atlanta, but I'd say it's more analogous to Louie than community, because it's a passion project he (himself) wrote for and somewhat about himself. He didn't create or write community, so I wouldn't consider his community character to necessarily reflect his actual personality. I expect that his Atlanta character is probably fairly like him. I guess I'm saying that I think ENFP fits Earn better, so I think Glover *may* be ENFP over INFP. It seems as valid to me as trying to type him from his music, so not very. I think it's in response to an uptick in threads shitting on INFJs, and the general obsession people seem to have with labeling anyone who identifies as INFJ a mistype. Agree. As an INFJ, this is cringe to me. One of our worst qualities is a tenancy to self-isolate and just live entirely in our own world, where we have imaginary social interactions instead of real ones, then end up acting out the result of those imaginary interactions in the real world. INTJs do this even worse, imo (tert Fi vs aux Fe), so I guess it's a Ni thing. 

I relate to it but don't like it in myself or others.Tert Si makes INTPs stubborn, either stubbornly resistant to action, or stubbornly insistent on taking actions that may not make sense in the situation, even past the point of realism (like you said for INFPs). I think when discussing tert functions, we're usually talking about the interplay between the tert and main function, since tert functions are most visible in how the modulate the main function. I think about things like snacks and moist towelettes, so I tend to pack pretty heavily, and make a "car essentials" bag, maybe a cooler also. I virtually never plan anything for the vacation, though. I don't like having to keep a schedule on vacation.It drives my husband crazy that I pack extra outfits and shoes, haha. But if I slim down at all, I end up miserable without half the items I need.My personal development has gone like this: as a child, I was just as you say. I did everything to fit in, but I just fucking didn't. I've never really defined myself and being different, but rather noticed with astonishment and frustration that I'm not the same. 

The way that I stuck out most was more in an INTP way (you're not being logical! Your emotional attachment to the data is clouding your view of the obvious truth in front of your face!) than actually wanting to be different, by wearing "unique" clothes or whatever. My thing has always been that I genuinely​ don't care about or properly pay attention to appearances (inferior Se, I guess). 

I have learned over the years that I just don't fit in, though, and I've learned to care a lot less, to the point that I almost don't care on principle if I upset someone with my weirdness. That's only for people that I like, though. If I have to carry on a professional relationship with you but I really don't think you'll "get" me, I instinctively put on a mask. I had a whole group of college friends (we studied together) that I saw near daily for years, none of whom ever even came close to knowing anything about me. I can't hide that I'm awkward, though.Most "radical" stances I've ever taken with my appearance (besides a brief flirtation in high school with dying my hair crayon red) have been in the service of being natural or authentic. For instance, I've never been into wearing a lot of makeup, because I don't want people to associate my face with the top layer of paint, you know? 

I've now grown out my hair, which I died for years because I started graying seriously around 20. But it was difficult to cover up, and as you've seen with the makeup thing, I have a bit of a value issue that makes me pretty unwilling to go out of my way to look like an "ideal person" so people will treat me well. 

I'm also off and on about shaving my legs and pits, although I'm not really brave enough to go public with that one. I'm interested in the idea of "why do we do these things? What if I didn't?" And I just utterly fail to be interested in all this image-based social trickery. I don't want people to value me for my looks, anyway.You don't change types as you mature, though, so not sure your logic works here.You don't change Enneagram types, either. I don't care one way or the other if INFJs are 4s. For the record, I identify as INFJ and Enneagram 5.Omg I would love a friend who reminded me not to ignore them without getting all emotional about it.IDK, I wouldn't really say I dislike people, but I find them extremely invasive. I can tell that I don't exactly please them, and I don't like that feeling, but I really hate focusing my energy on trying to please people. It's a black hole.I feel like I'd be more averse to "purpose" than leaving the house on the day after a big trip like that. I might leave the house, like to get coffee and fancy speciality donuts from the hipster donut shop a couple of miles from my place. Or to go to the bakery down the street for lunch. So pretty much, I would leave the house for coffee and baked goods. But I'd want to be alone or with a very close, introverted friend that I don't have to entertain. And I would absolutely not want to *have* to do *anything*. I need a full day of rest to recover from a busy trip like that. Yes. It is possible (and really seems somewhat common) for INxJs to be physically messy, and a bit scatterbrained. Particularly INFJs, with Te so far out of grasp, but INTJs also fall prey to the Ni Dom natural state of sleepiness. We're little js. I mean, I'm literally always thinking about something, lol. I would guess that Ni-doms are less prone to boredom than other types. It's really rare that I feel bored, actually. 

Similarly, I'm almost always "working on something" in one of my areas of interest. It may be something other people don't "get"…on yesterday's agenda, for example: watch the last few episodes of Moonlighting, a culturally important show from the mid-late 80s. People don't understand my interest in stuff like this, but I take an academic interest in culture, particularly TV and movies, and this is how I spend a lot of my time.

So if I decide to go on a 4 day trip, it's a pretty big interruption. I will get back to whatever I had on the agenda as soon as possible. So, from my perspective, it's not that I want to be unoccupied, just to think about the trip or whatever. I want just want to get back to deciding, myself, what to do with my time. My INTP husband and I have been living in this house a year and change, and there are still unpacked boxes sitting around and basically 0 decoration, even though we spend all our time at home. 

I theoretically would like for it to be both decorated and tidy, but realistically I don't have the physical or mental energy to worry about it, and it's almost like I stop seeing my environment after a while, anyway. I just don't notice it at all like 90% of the time, so it's hard to sustain the motivation needed to put in the hours of physical work needed to improve anything.Part of it is that I don't allocate money to furniture and decorations. I have great taste with unlimited income, lol. But I'll spend money on a nice place with a workable kitchen and enough space. I get endless pleasure from the amazing outside space at my current place.INFJ

I've always been the kind of person who enjoys learning in a classroom environment, and correspondingly naturally excels at school, in most subjects. 

Language related stuff comes easiest to me. Anything that involves writing, reading literature or history, or learning/manipulating grammar somehow holds my interest really nicely, so history classes, lit classes, creative writing of any sort, foreign language classes, linguistics, etc. 

I'm also strong in math, and it holds my interest pretty well. I got a CS degree and enjoyed the math/computing theory portion of it. 

I'm ok at science. I don't like the physical nature of labs, honestly. I'm clumsy and I don't like the tedious busywork of weighing things out, messing around with acid, etc. I on and off enjoy chemistry classes. I like physics if we can discuss only theory but never numbers, lol. Physics math is my nemesis. My brain is not wired to understand how to map numbers to properties of the physical world.

On that note, one of the few subjects I had trouble with in middle/high school was geography. That seems dumb, because it's all memorization and there's nothing to "get". I can memorize things, so it should be easy. But I have a hell of a time mapping names to blobs on a piece of paper, apparently. I also kind of barely know left from right. I mean, I know it, but I have to think about it. It doesn't come naturally to me.

And on *that* note, the only school subject I actually hated was PE. Holy shit, I hated PE. And it hated me back. I wish I could have taken some sort of yoga/meditation class instead. That would have been so much more useful than getting pelted with balls in dodge ball. With more than 2 people, I think it depends too much on the individuals to generalize usefully. But my personal girlfriend group is INFJ, INFP, ISFJ.Or the Si-dom interrupts your thoughts to wonder out loud what caused the splash and you're like "What splash?"INFJ - empathetic, yet self absorbedYeah, I think it works for either, haha. It's pretty close to what OP has for INFPs.Have to agree. Advertising your mbti type on your t-shirt is full body cringe level tacky. I'd say ESFP, mostly because he never seems to think about *anything*. ESTPs may be lazy in their thinking at times, but they by definition enjoy thinking about some things, sometimes.

Edit: whoa ok guys, I'm sorry. I was half kidding, and definitely not referring to all ESFPs, who I'm well aware can be razor sharp. I also want to reiterate that I *like* ESFPs. I don't generally think badly of any type, actually. I don't think of types as "stupid", either. 

But DJT seems stupid to me. He's who I'm calling stupid. It's not even that I think an ESTP would be smarter, just that I think there would be more Ti behind his lies. As it stands, DJT seems to enjoy hurling value-based insults over thinking up plausible lies.

Anyway, sorry for offending you all. I deserve your downvotes. I'll sit in my corner now.Sorry, genuinely. My intention wasn't to be mean to ESFPs in general, who I have no problem with and sometimes like very much. I meant it more like "I don't think he's a thinker because he doesn't think". I'm a feeler myself, so I didn't think much of it. He's obviously a horrible, embarrassing example of whatever mbti type he is. My apologies.

I have known some crazy smart ESFPs, too. I really, really don't think you guys are all stupid. This just came out all wrong. I honestly was trying to be funny and missed, then fell asleep. Sorry. I actually like Se-doms, for the most part. This comment does not represent my view.I don't exactly care what others wear, but I would never, ever wear this myself. (And that's kind of a lie, lol, I hate tackiness. It's one of the very few factors that can cause aethetics to override other factors for me.)He lies so much, it's difficult to tell. People's opinion on his type seems to come down to whether or not they think he is playing some kind of "4D chess" behind the scenes. As in, are we seeing his real personality, because he's so impulsive that he couldn't possibly hide it, or is his whole persona somehow calculated, as a means to an end? Either he has no control, or he's masterfully putting on an act and pulling our strings.

I think it's the former, personally. I see no evidence for the latter. If it were the latter, he'd be getting more done.I don't think anyone's a loser for talking about mbti. But I generally think it's very tacky to let your t-shirt do the talking, especially if it's sort of bragging about how "deep" you are. This isn't limited to mbti for me, though.I think we can rule out "genius" at this point, at any rate, lmao. Even if he's putting on an act, it seems pretty unlikely that it's getting anywhere near the desired results. That guy is so weird, but I can get sucked into watching review after review, mostly for foods that I legit would not touch with a 10 foot pole, lmao. I do appreciate it when he talks me out of getting fast food, though. He's INTJ af from everything I've seen of him.Why Obama?Pretty sure you can and do use all modes of cognition. The function stackings are preferences. Also, it can be pretty tricky to figure out which ones you're using  from moment to moment. People like them because they are the underlying theory that the MBTI ladies dumbed down for the masses, so they allow for more complexity and nuance than the static personality descriptions.Do you think Obama's an INFJ or something? That quote (if he even said any of that, lol. Really not sure I trust that source) seems like incredibly flimsy evidence as a basis for an armchair diagnosis of narcissism. Don't we all exaggerate a little and miss a lot of nuance when we're frustrated? That quote just sounds like a frustrated control freak to me.Really? I'm always willing to pontificate on any old bullshit to anyone, at least if asked a direct question. If someone walked up to me on the street and asked me that, I'd probably be charmed and delighted. I only clam up about personal questions.Yeah, that makes sense. I think you're about 10 years older than me. Sorry for keeping up with random details about people in a forum. It's just the standard INFJ involuntary creepiness, lol, nothing personal. I really think everyone remembers negative experiences more strongly than positive ones. It's how our brains are wired. We think more about negative experiences, strengthening those neutral pathways. You can actively fight against it by thinking about positive experiences and not dwelling on negative ones.I'm still afraid I'm going to somehow get caught up in a life of crime and go to prison forever. But then I think how much time I'll have to read, and I'm comforted.Grooming is the #1 indicator of mental health level for me. Depressed me can barely shower and brush teeth. Not depressed me makes spa day every day.I reliably test INF, but my J/P score is always around 50/50. I usually end up just over the line for INFP, occasionally scoring INFJ or ENFP (this is usually only with a "don't think, just answer" approach). But by the functions, I'm definitely INFJ. It can't tell I'm a J because I'm disorganized and I procrastinate, don't like making detailed plans, etc. But it misses that I tend to loosely prepare for all future situations, so when I procrastinate and bang something out at the last minute, it's not exactly improvising. What do you get out of it? Doesn't it seem exploitative to you, watching videos of people dying to entertain yourself? It seems so bizarre to me that someone would list that as among their favorite subreddits. Interesting. Thanks for the response. I understand what you get out of it now. That makes sense. I can't stomach that kind of thing. Disturbing images haunt me for basically the rest of my life. I am a rare tea-disliking INFJ. I drink water, DP or Cherry Coke, and coffee (mostly iced lattes, unsweetened). Kombucha is sometimes OK. Not sure if I'd say Fe comes across differently between INFJs and ISFJs. I would more say that Fe comes across differently person to person, depending on whether or not they are healthy, and their level of personal development. My fairly unhealthy ESFJ mother is a control freak who drove me to be ultra logical, due to her utter disdain for logic. She prefers to control everyone, with hysterics, if necessary. My ISFJ bff will employ straight up nastiness to control people, if necessary. They are both anxious wrecks. But I've known really cool ISFJs who are not controlling at all, and I've known ISFJs who have terminal STEM degrees, so clearly fairly logical, if they choose.

To me, the difference between ISFJ and INFJ is usually in how open to new ideas they are. If you are often entertaining radical ideas in a clinical, disembodied way, that is Ni. Si is much more practical, to the point that it is threatened and offended by those ideas I was just talking about. Ime, Ni is the more "academic" of the two, and also the more "open" to differences, although like I said I've known some very academic ISFJs, and some really accepting ones. 

The other difference (hard to explain and also I'm a little drunk), like the difference that I see between myself and the ISFJs that I really like and admire, is that Ti-heavy ISFJs (these have mostly been male ime...women are more into their people and less into their interests) tend to be wrapped up in their hobbies/interests, and like nothing else. I've dated a couple of ISFJ guys, and we always connected over shared taste in music or comedy or whatever, but then it kind of fizzles out because they don't have a lot to say about my crazy thoughts and tangents. They're usually also rather intimidated by me, I think.It makes sense, and it's definitely the right way to think about it.The implication is that most INFJs like tea, not that *only* INFJs like tea. ;)I'd guess ESFP for both him and Trump.INFJ, and I probably would, but I would want to know who it was from. If there was somehow no way of knowing, I'm really not sure. I feel like I'd consult my INTP and then we'd probably do it, lolMy ESFJ mom puts shit like that *everywhere*. She uses paper plates, though.To be fair, I can't rule out that we didn't eventually break her spirit by never helping with the dishes. ;)Oh shit, is it an INFJ thing to sit weird? I find it basically impossible to sit like a normal person.

Edit: Also, where are these communist INTJs? Every INTJ I've been close to has been an ancap. I feel like my relationships with INTJs usually start really well because we have a strong unspoken mutual understanding (difficult to articulate), but then they fall apart over politics/deeply conflicting worldviews. It's the main reason why I never seriously dated any of the INTJs I've been close to, and consistently went for INTPs instead. You can get through to an INTP. You just agree or disagree with an INTJ, lol.

I kind of got around to a roast at the end there, I guess.

Edit edit: I also have realized lately that virtually everything I would call "cool" is actually "dorky". Oops. Roasted myself.I'm 90% certain I sat like a frog in utero,  lol. I'm a hopeless case. I sit with one or both legs crossed underneath me if at all possible. Airplanes are like slow torture.I'm not "blindly" anything, myself. I am admittedly rather idealistic, but I'm picky where I apply it. I want a good understanding of the critiques of any system of beliefs​ I'm "buying into" in any way. That's why I'm deeply attracted to INTx guys in the first place. They help me check for validity.

The issue l run into with INTJs is typically conflicting values. At the end of the day, I want to take care of everyone, period, so my political thinking always moves in that direction. Almost every INTJ I've known seems somewhere on a scale from repulsed to condescending when they realize that about me. But typically I'm the one who bails because I become totally disillusioned with anyone who doesn't share that value.

The one exception is my wacky af long time INTJ friend who studied philosophy, calls himself a constitutional monarchist, and became a staunch Catholic in response to his atheist family, lol. We agree on almost literally nothing, but he shares my One Value, so we're cool. We can deal with the differences. 

I wouldn't date him, though. I met him on OkCupid (a bit over 10 years ago at this point I guess), so I once had this exchange with him.

Him: some bullshit about saving himself for marriage

Me: I really like you! 

Me: But we definitely shouldn't date.

Him: Women always say that.

LOL. He's married now, for the record. Nice Catholic girl. :PI love playing with silly putty (I am just about the most fidgety person I've ever met), but it gets so gross. I've known many incredibly smart, academically talented sensors, including SFs. I guess Ns are more likely to be "school smart" as a whole, but ime I'm just as likely (or more likely) to meet an impressively smart sensor as an impressively smart intuitive. Probably just because there are so many more sensors overall. College environments are full of smart sensors.36% INTP

26% INFP

9% ENFP

9% ENTP

8% ISFP

Not very accurate for me first time through. But dichotomy tests hardly ever are.What role does selfishness/self centeredness play in mental health and personal fulfillment? How do you find the line between doing what's best for yourself and serving others? What can Fe types learn from Fi types and vice versa?Nora from The LeftoversI actively decided that trying to please people is a black hole for my time and energy, so I more or less stopped. It's not a very popular stance to take, though. Right now I'm at a place where I'm considering that maybe if people pleasing is my first impulse, I should give in more and make things easier on myself. But doing it mindlessly means I end up erasing myself from my relationships. The balance is hard to find, tbh.I finish them religiously if I visit a place regularly. If it's not a place I go often, I usually forget I have a punch card. I keep the punch card forever, though. They just stay in my wallet."I see through you, and it's even worse than your self esteem would suggest."Ugh. I have severe endometriosis that makes my life hell sometimes, and it's like, I don't even believe I'm in this much pain. I'll be in a lot of pain and I'll be mad at myself for being dramatic. I'm very grateful that my husband actually believes me. I don't talk about it with anyone else unless I absolutely have to. I'm too hard on myself to stand other people's invalidation on this issue.I think it's worth noting that a lot of people struggle to relate to their aux function, at least as a disembodied description. Haha, I intentionally made the scope huge so there would be a lot to talk about. There I go assuming people's needs again. ;)

I think you did a really good job! I definitely relate to a lot of what you were saying about Fe aux types. I think a huge part of my "problem" in general can be traced back to 1) that I tend to act on my assumptions about what other people want without necessarily verifying, and 2) that I just utterly can't prioritize my various problems and issues into any sort of workable hierarchy. They just swirl around endlessly in my head, getting all muddled up and confusing me.  Do you think that has to do with Te PoLR?

I'd also be interested in a video about Te and Si in INFJs, on that note.I'm consistently impressed by how much you know your shit, btw. :)

Watching your videos is helping me decide once and for all (maybe ;) that I am INFJ and not some other N type. My Fe-Ti conclusions (about life, generally) aren't exactly what seems to be average for INFJs and my self awareness is spotty, so I always end up questioning, lol. But then nothing else fits very well, either.It seems really common for people of all types to overuse their tert function, though. In the case you mentioned, do you really think it's common for IxTPs to mistype as INFJs? Most INFJs who overuse Ti would be happy to classify themselves as a Ti-dom if they thought it fit, and most Ti-doms aren't keen on labeling themselves feelers, just from my observation. INFJ mistypes are usually other feelers. So I don't think your logic tracks here.I think where the confusion comes in is that people's *behavior* doesn't always reflect what's going on on the inside, because we choose how to behave based on our experiences. Being "emotional" doesn't mean you'll be outwardly warm or nice. Knowing how to emotionally affect people doesn't mean you'll use it to shoot rays of sunshine at everyone. 

I'm fairly certain I'm an FJ. I don't actually care about my typing, and I welcome anyone who disagrees to say so, but I've thought about it for over a year now, going over different options, and it fits best. Am I "detached" from people? No, I care and feel a great deal. Do people find me "warm"? That's extremely variable. Many would say I'm cold and detached.I thought Jungian "feeling" is about values, like 'good' vs 'bad'. Fe favors commonly held (objective) values, Fi favors individual (subjective) values. Everyone has emotions, and those emotions have a pretty strong hold on everyone. Feelers just tend to be more in touch with them, because they're less inherently driven to try to intellectualize them away.Are you aware that you're being defensive? I'm not trying to put words in your mouth here. I'm just trying to explain my thought. For the record, I'm emotional/passionate like you. So I don't disagree. I feel strong emotions. I'm passionate about everything. I wish I could turn it off sometimes. I don't think you're wrong about that.

However, you seem to go with Jung when it suits you and go elsewhere when it suits you. Jung draws a difference between feeling and emotion. Feelings (values) ultimately derive from emotions (among other internal input), but they're not interchangeable. "Feeling" refers to the values that accumulate over time, that you act on. They often go against your immediate emotional response.I hate the tests. I have ADD so I'm an extra small j, and I always score all manner of P types, lol. My score is always like 50% I/E, 80-90% N, 50-60% F, 50% J/P. So the tests are totally useless to me. The only thing it tells me conclusively is that I'm an N and maybe an F.same, but it's 3:15, I am 3/4 of the way through a bottle of wine that I started after midnight, listening to a Leonard Cohen playlist, and I haven't bothered to buy a couch so I'm sitting in an old, cat scratched chair that I hate. AMANo offense, but don't you think you should possibly rethink your stance if the entire thread is arguing against you? I think it's clear that you have a different idea of what constitutes "cold and detached" than everyone else, and your arguments/definitions are inconsistent. That's why people keep arguing.

I say that because this has happened to me before and it's unpleasant. Sometimes it's best to give up on the argument and try to figure out what's going wrong.
People on the internet are fanatical about insisting that all INFJs are mistypes, so it was a difficult type to settle on. But, by process of elimination, INFJ is the only one that seems to fit very well. Well, shit. I'm definitely "questioning". People for sure find me oppositional and contentious, lol. That is part of why I didn't want to type as INFJ. I'm too confrontational. As it turns out, INFJ + INTP is a pretty terrible pairing for couch shopping.IDK, it seemed relevant to me that the knee jerk impulse that caused the whole post doesn't really make sense. Something to keep in mind if you're the type to worry about others being mistyped.I think this whole argument is happening because we never bothered to define…cold to whom? I think it's accurate to say that FJs are emotionally reactive, the experience of being an FJ is intense, passionate, hot. Now, does that come out as warmth that other people can feel? Not exactly, at least not for me. I'm hot and cold, externally. Yes, I'd say that's accurate. I have to choose to seem warm to people, more than feeling warm for them internally. If I no longer feel like it (which happens, because I'm emotionally reactive), I may drop the act. If I just start talking from my internal monologue after someone has annoyed or upset me in some way I'm cold af, lol. 

I think it's weak Ti? I think how FJs use Ti can be really brutal, because it's led by some Fe impulse. So Fe says "I don't give a fuck about that" and cold, calculating Ti takes over from there. Whatever comes out at that point is going to lack the moderating nuance that a Ti Dom would give it, because they start from a place of detachment. An FJ's journey to maturity usually seems to include coming to some sort of understanding about *why* you should care about people individually, even when you don't feel like it. 

Like, to name an example that bugs my INTP, I don't give a fuck about soccer or computer games. So I tend to get annoyed when my husband watches/plays them and puts himself in a bad mood in the process. I find it almost impossible to be empathetic in that situation. 

I just don't care. Why are you spending your free time pissing yourself off? Just turn it the fuck off. I have to put up with the game and also now with your emotional response to the game? I don't say all that out loud, for the most part, but it definitely informs my responses. I've been told that this is cold and not nice of me…but I kind of don't care. :/

I struggle with choosing to be nice when I don't feel like it. Second one is more relatable to me. I've always had trouble answering the first set of questions, because I consider myself more authentic and I hate being fake, but I think INFJs and INFPs have different ideas of what constitutes fakeness or authenticity. But my ideas definitely come from my life.If you think you're NTP, you sound a lot more like an ENTP than INTP. But you could also be IxFx. Introverted thinkers rarely need approval that much.I'm an INFJ, pretty sure. Dichotomy tests are consistently inconclusive for me, though. I score around 50% I/E (but I'm definitely an introvert), 90% N, 60% F, 50% J/P. I have ADHD, and I think it makes me skew in the P direction on the tests. I've been reluctant to fully commit to the INFJ label because of it, but nothing else fits as well.

I have considered INFP pretty heavily, but I don't think I'm a dominant feeler. I am almost thinker level in my insistence that people suspend their emotions and engage with me on an intellectual level. I relate heavily to Ti. But I don't think I'm a thinker (INTP or INTJ), because my decision making is more whimsical/emotional than rational. I sometimes think I'm too confrontational to be an INFJ, but I think it's mostly poor stereotypes of Fe that I don't relate to.INTJ, lolI'm 100% certain about IN, it's just the FJ that I can question. There's no way I'm an Si dom or an extrovert. My mom's an ESFJ, and if my personality is rooted in a philosophy, it's "Not that." :P 

Also, I think I'm a (largely counterphobic) 6, or else a 5. I'm too much of a fuck up to be a 1, lolDo you know your Enneagram type?I don't really question that I'm a feeler, but compared to almost all other feelers, I am fairly dry and logical in my interactions with people a lot of the time. I do things like point out that [platitude] doesn't make sense, and I try to word things so I mean what I say, more so than saying something pretty or inoffensive. I really believe that the world would be better if we put more emphasis on being reasonable than trying to guess what will make everyone feel good, and my interactions bear that out. 

But I do slip back into trying to please people through not saying what I mean and even behind the scenes maneuvering​ if I'm not paying attention, or in a difficult situation, or in ways that I don't fully understand until later. I think a lot of it is a reaction to growing up with my Fe dom mom, who basically terrorized us all with her moods and unwillingness to be rational. I basically want to be responsible for my own emotional reaction (meaning that I want to avoid lashing out at people and forcing them to "handle" me), and I want the same from other people. 

And Enneagram statistics are one of the least trustworthy metrics I've encountered since I developed an interest in personality typing, lol. Everyone has a different opinion and a different set of numbers. Like, is INFJ 4 a common type? It seems like people are split 50/50, with strong opinions either way. But regardless, I would guess that I have an uncommon Enneagram type for INFJs, because I often find myself at odds with them, at least around here. Also, I've had a lot of sensor friends, so I feel pretty confident in saying that I'm not that, and it's not just "intuitive bias" in the sense that I can't imagine a sensor that I consider worthwhile, lol. I love and connect instantly with "cool" ISFJs, but they are invariably threatened by how I think and what I think about. I've dated a couple of ISFJ guys, and I'm an ice queen in comparison. All my other relationships have been with INTs, who I connect very well with intellectually (and I'm now married to an INTP). I dated one INFP briefly and it was like an emotional nuclear countdown started the instant we met, lol. Very deep connection, very bad match.I do think I'm highly in tune with the emotional state of other people. If you ask me how someone is feeling with even minor context I can make a really detailed guess with complicated emotional rationale, and I'm usually right. Emotional logic comes really easily to me. I always think I'll be able to "clear up" emotional problems, like if we can identify the problem and speak it aloud, it will just go away because of course we will agree at that point. I think that's Fe?

But how people react to me is really variable. I definitely seem warm and approachable sometimes, to some people. But it seems that I'm intimidating to others, like cold and deadpan, but also maybe too passionate other times. People generally just don't seem to know what to do with me. It depends on the person and my mood, but a lot of the time the more people know about me, the more they think I'm an alien.Have to agree. And in my experience, anyway, As usually let down their guard and get a little more reasonable when they come to know and respect you. Whereas the problem with B is that *I* don't respect *them*, which is probably not going to change unless their attitude changes.I don't mind managing my tone, but I absolutely can't stand people who refuse to look at the truth because it upsets them. My mom *thinks* she's rejecting what people are saying due to impoliteness on their part, for instance, but she is really aggressively shutting down (via emotional manipulation) anyone who espouses ideas that threaten her. You're essentially telling me not to be myself, though. And I think it's a misunderstanding/oversimplification to say I am correcting her, anyway. The only point at which I was correcting her is when she misunderstood the distinction (real or imagined, I wasn't even weighing in on that) being drawn between gender and sex. If she gets to say what she thinks with the expectation that we'll all get over it and move on, shouldn't I also get to? 

And for the record, we weren't talking about trans people at all. I'm not sure what she thinks about that. We were talking about how men tend to go into STEM/related and women tend to go into nursing/teaching/related, and pondering if that's biological or social/cultural in nature. The only point I was arguing is that the relationship between sex, gender, and culture is complex and ultimately unknowable to us at this point. I was arguing against her method more than her conclusion.Just to be clear, there's no problem. Nobody got upset. We hung out again today, and lightly disagreed about politics again, and I'm sure we'll do it again tomorrow when we hang out to make pie and watch Twin Peaks. I don't think anyone was being immature. It's just that neither of us convinced the other one, and it's not important that we agree 100%. It's good enough that we share similar values and have enough sense to stop talking about it before it turns into an issue. Neither of us takes ourselves so seriously that we can't handle polite disagreement.My whole problem with her argument lies in the fact that I don't think she could answer those questions herself, lol. I made some effort to clarify definitions, but she wasn't really interested in talking nuance. ESTP: Bill Burr

ISTP: Kevin Garvey (The Leftovers)

ESFP: Chris Pratt

ISFP: Fiona Gallagher (Shameless)

ENTP: Jimmy McGill/Saul Goodman (Breaking Bad/Better Call Saul)

INTP: Richard Hendriks (Silicon Valley)

ENTJ: Marty Kaan (House of Lies)

INTJ: Dr. Robert Ford (Westworld)

ESTJ: Loreen Horvath  (Girls)

ISTJ: Forrest McNeil (Review)

ESFJ: Selina Meyer (Veep)

ISFJ: Marnie Michaels (Girls)

ENFP: Aziz Ansari

INFP: Adam DriveR

ENFJ: Norma Bates (Bates Motel)

INFJ: Nora Durst (The Leftovers)


The J/P difference is particularly subtle for INxx. I usually score as P, because if you ask me something like "would you rather improvise or follow a detailed plan?", I have to say I'd rather improvise. I pretty much hate following a detailed plan. My plans are minimalistic sketches, with backup sketches in case the first one doesn't work out. Detailed schedules just don't happen. They make me anxious right away, because I know I'll never be able to get everything done exactly how it's laid out in the plan, lol.Nope. I disagree with everyone all the time, anyway, lol. I'm used to it. I've heard a lot of INTJs say similar, so maybe it's a Ni thing. I am genuinely interested to hear what others think about things, whether or not I agree. I'm always talking to people about sensitive topics we don't agree on. I'm pretty diplomatic.

I just had an MBTI thought and figured the community might be interested. I dyed my hair bright red a few times in high school, then natural red throughout my 20s (only because I started getting gray hairs in my early 20s, as I had grown it out natural since high school). I finally said fuck it and grew it out again in my early 30s. Now I have silver stands framing my face, medium brown elsewhere (my natural color). Any 1 type would probably be ok, since the other types wouldn't be around to complain. All Te doms and no minions strikes me as the most problematic, practically.To be clear, I don't exactly have an "interpretation of gender". I was trying to sketch out the distinction between gender and sex in broad strokes for my friend, who wasn't distinguishing between them at all. I am not and never was making an argument that it's 100% social, just that we can't say that it's 100% biological. My only real position is "idk about gender, but your argument doesn't hold up."INTPs are definitely the most likey to correct some trivial shit you said, to the point that it seems like they're missing the big picture sometimes, because they're so concerned about what I would consider to be unimportant details. My INTP husband will sometimes interrupt me when I'm talking to issue corrections or force me to go on a tangent to clarify something.

And if you ever ask him what he's working on, you better bring a notepad and pencil, because you're gonna get a lecture. Assuming he answers at all.

Edit: fixed the typos for the INTPolice.INFJ. I just want to speak my mind and for that to be OK.It goes in cycles. People will be hating on INFJs instead soon enough. Just ignore them. Are you saying I'm mistyped? If so, what type do you think?

Edit: not upset, just couldn't tell what you meant. :PINFPs are usually pretty conflict avoidant, so I'd say they do.True Neutral (24) / Chaotic Neutral (22)I don't. Oreo "creme" just seems artificial and gross to me. Every now and then I'll eat one because someone else is eating them, and immediately regret it.Ime, Ni and Ne usually really appreciate each other's company, but as with all pairings, it tends to work out better with mature individuals who share core values.I actually grew up lower middle class and disliked Oreos even back then. But a lot of that still applies, yeah.Omg I love people brushing my hair.I just don't exactly care about things being weird, lol. Although it would depend on my mood. But I'd be generally more receptive to that idea than to hugging, which I really only do because of social pressure.David LynchISFJs can be the best. Funny, willing to join me in bitching, discerning taste in music, accepting and supportive, great conversationalists. Open minded ISFJs are among my best friend matches. Why INFJ over INFP?Comey seems ENTJ to me. I definitely don't think he's an introvert, at any rate, after watching him testify. Or a feeler. I read an article that went into some of the articles he wrote for his school paper as an undergrad, and it left me with the real impression that he's an intuitive. But I hate everything he stands for and how he makes his decisions, so most likely Te-Fi axis. But I do find him really attractive somehow, which is consistent with ENTJ.What type do you think? She definitely seems ENFJ to me.I think the main thing preventing him from having consistency is his emotional reactivity. His thoughts make a kind of sense (maybe only to other Ni doms, idk) if you can keep him happy enough to give them to you without an over the top emotional reaction, but as you've said, that's an impossible task. And without the emotional problem he probably never would have come up with the crazy system, anyway.My brain loves to get stuck in a reverie. I lose all but basic connection with the outside world, and get lost in ideas that have no connection with my current physical reality. These reveries can be pretty intrusive, as in, if I'm having a conversation and my attention wavers for a second, an errant thought can just sweep in and carry me a million miles away, and I will eventually "wake up" and realize you've been talking for minutes without me hearing any of it.

My thoughts are mostly about life, why people act the way they do, why I am the way I am, if I am the way I seem, if anything is the way it seems, if anything is at all. I've been trying to keep up with the random thoughts I have over the course of a day, actually. Been thinking about making it into a post, if anyone's interested in that.I'm confused that you think what I'm describing as "flowing outside in" instead of "inside out", honestly. My brain is always focusing on some abstract idea that has nothing to do with anything objectively happening in the moment (that would be Ne), but rather has to do with some abstraction of some experience I had a decade ago, or whatever. A movie I saw. Could be anything. 

To me, INFP is more like taking some idea you just saw and going to some fantasy land where whimsical things are happening, centering around the idea they just experienced, and their ideals. INFJ is more like I described: constant, somewhat intrusive, detached ruminating in abstractions, about some experience or idea that my brain keeps on standby to fiddle with at the earliest opportunity. My brain comes back to the same ideas over and over again until it works them out, them moves on to new ones.I definitely think it's accurate that I appear more judgemental than I actually am. I'm one of the least judgemental people on the planet, really, but people get pissy with me all the time because I made some observation to them that I thought was  neutral, but they get offended because they think I'm judging them somehow. 

Sorry, but noticing something is not the same as judging. I can't help noticing deep personality traits in people, and I find them neutral, for the most part. But other people don't seem to understand the idea of thinking something without emotionally reacting to it, and they're threatened by how I perceive information.*Technically*, a Berliner is a filled donut, so the joke doesn't work, anyway. ;)I don't really like pretzels, but I'd eat the fuck out of everyone else. Except maybe sliced bread, unless it's a fancy bakery loaf. So really, this metaphor checks out for me.&gt;I think it's appropriate to ask you about that, but I don't know what to do. I will eventually get to the bottom of this.

INFJI do stuff like that. I kind of despise celebrity idol worship, and I get some perverse joy of of bursting people's bubbles about certain people.CaregiverI liked the movie Coherence for interesting sci fi plot and seeing how the different personality types handle an unusual situation. Don't read too much about it, just watch it. My INTP and I both liked it a lot, and we're really picky. Lol, I'd like to be archetyped by you. I don't have the patience to sit around thinking about stuff like this without an ENFP ringleader, but I love it. Oh, I'm a total Time Lord. ;)I could do one, if you flesh out your idea some more.INFJ with chronic depression, and it can get really fucking dark. I start feeling the weight of how nothing matters, really oppressively. I don't have energy to do anything, my hobbies don't interest me, I get stuck in this mental state wildly oscillating between caring *so much* about everyone and everything that I am paralyzed, and being really plugged in to the part of me that doesn't care about anyone or anything, which is equally paralyzing. I end up kind of just hiding in my house for unhealthy periods of time, and having wild, equally unhealthy "adventures" when I can't stand the monotony anymore. I can definitely see how I have the tendency to become more ESTPish in that state. If I'm in a dark enough state of mind, social pressure doesn't do much to moderate my behavior, because I don't really care what happens to me. That's really at my worst, though. I haven't been there in a long time.Thanks for reading, and thanks for the suggestion!Could be either. Probably more reliable to try to figure out whether you use NiFe or FiNe more directly, instead of this approach. It's possible for an INFJ to be on the less structured side, for sure. Fe is good for pressuring you into pleasing people, or for convincing yourself that you need to be in control of things, and that might include getting organized, but Ni isn't really a function that helps with practical organization, and Fe barely is. 

INFJs often seem to cling hard to that Fe need to control everyone and everything they encounter, but it's certainly possible to follow a different development path. Personally, my mom was a Fe monster (ESFJ), and she directed all that overbearingness right at me my whole life, so I grew up trying to make a point not to be like that. Because I've actively spent my life learning how to just let things be, I seem more P-ish than (some) other INFJs.  I think it's more describing a sort of repressed, uptight ISTP that's really common. I'm 90% certain my brother is an ISTP, and he's a lot more expressive than what's described in the article.Could you elaborate? I'm interested to hear your thoughts. I see so many people losing their shit over how brilliant he is, but he's always rubbed me the wrong way when I've listened to him.I think everyone does this, but the difference with Fe users is that they see it as a sort of emotional math equation, where they move the variables around until they can isolate the one they need. So my Fi impression that he's resentful would be one factor, but there would be a lot of other factors to take into account, like his behavior, his history, his personality, etc. At the end of the day, I'm still projecting myself into his situation to decide, but it's based on a lot of nuance that is specific to him and has little to do with my actual life experience.I'm an NF and mostly connect better with guys, but that's just because women have usually internalized *a lot* of bullshit about their "social role", and so they don't like that I rejected that as much as possible. And I don't like that they didn't. I would love to have more female NT friends. I never seem to meet any.There are some types that I always recognize instantly, and some types that I'm always wrong about. This is useful. Thanks!We get along well with partners who overthink and worry, because we overthink and worry ourselves. But that also means that as an INFJ's partner you have to deal with *their* anxiety sometimes. Oh yeah, for sure. I think INFJs and IxTPs have a mutually calming affect on each other. Assuming we're not getting on each other's nerves and fighting. ;)Ok, haha, located your relationship problem. Conflict is necessary in a relationship, and nobody can help you feel better if you don't trust them to say what you think. The behaviors you describe are relationship poison. The right INFJ could probably help you grow as a person and ultimately feel better about yourself, but only if you're willing to go outside your comfort zone and open up emotionally. To answer your edit, most INFJs are a weird mixture of really secretive and really direct. They'll hint about some things, and outright say other things, really bluntly. It's best to pay attention to the hints, though. They'll pay attention to yours, for the most part.Oh, haha I'm either 5 or 6 (cp 6 fits best, I think), and I usually end up with anxious TPs. As with most matches, it depends more on the people involved than the type. Getting deep into thinking about things actually calms me, and Ti doms usually say the right things to make me feel better.INFP: almost always get along with them, at least if we "click" initially. I think I admire a lot of the qualities that other people dislike about them.

ENFP: So weird, we seem to operate almost exactly the same internally in so many ways. There's such a deep agreement between myself and most of the ENFPs I meet, just generally about what's important in life. And yet it is *so awkward* talking to them most of the time. Idgi.

INTP: Only type that seems to understand me after a while. Really fun to talk to. Main downside is that they go on for a really long time about things whether or not you're going to find it interesting, and tend to get offended if you indicate you aren't up for a 30+ minute monologue about data structures with whimsical Ne tangents. And they're way too stubborn. 9/10

I'll come back and finish later maybe, lolI got INFJ. I think I'm INFJ.Holy shit, guys. She's *clearly* kidding. I can't believe you triggered so many thinkers with this post, lmao. Sounds like ENTP. It's entirely possible that both peppermint and OP could get you wrong. They both use nonstandard methods for typing, and OP particularly seems to be wrong a lot, imo. He's very knowledgeable about the functions, but spotty in application of that knowledge.INFJ for rational feeler and scatterbrained judger. The person who knows you best is yourself, but it can take a lot of time to get a good understanding of the functions. I wouldn't put too much stock into random typings that you get on r/mbti. Just about every typing post seems to be all over the place. There's just not enough to go off of in a single post.I think you use all your functions from birth, just not the same way you use them as an adult. It kind of seems like little kids have good use of their inferior functions, then grow into overusing the first two by teenage/early adult years, then figure out how to incorporate the lower two properly around 30-40. But they're all somewhat visible at every stage of growth, just used differently depending on the maturity of the individual.You should include the questions.I don't like to watch violence. I feel like when I feed that stuff into my brain, I can never get rid of it, and some of it really disturbs me. I especially don't like violence against animals, and I don't want to be replaying it randomly in my mind's eye for the rest of my life. I avert my eyes from movie scenes I don't like. I'm a pussy like that.Nah, that's not me. I don't care if you hunt. I just don't want to have to watch animals or people, like, tortured. I find it traumatic, personally, and my brain fixates on it once it's in there, so it can bother me for literally years. Mine is weed. Mushrooms are cool, too.Adam Driver always seems like an INFP to me.Depends on how you define anxious, I guess. Every INTP I've been close to has been just stuffed full of existential dread, so they were my first thought. But TJs probably deal with more anxiety about practical stuff, like going to work and not being homeless.My voices contradict each other and urge caution. Sometimes a couple of them come to an agreement, then an opposing team shows up for the debate. Really difficult to make decisions!But I prefer you to most ENTPs! Normal ones are so...normal.Leave it to an INFJ to really buy into your imagery and keep it going. XDINFJ, your deepest secretsThe problem is with you, not the theory or the sub (although the sub does kind of suck I guess). You doubt yourself and seem to lack self awareness somewhat. That's really normal when you're first exposed to this stuff. It takes a long time to really understand the theory, and what the different functions mean. Don't stress so much. It makes everything worse. 

And for the record, I think Fi dom makes sense. You just don't understand what Fi is yet. It's ok! Just give it some time and it'll start making more sense to you.Pretty sure at this point. I've considered them all pretty closely, and INFJ is the only one that seems to fit. I really don't think I prefer Ne, I'm almost certain I'm N dom/S inferior, definitely don't think I'm F dom, but also not a thinker, and not an extrovert. Process of elimination makes me INFJ.INFP, INTP. For conversations. Can't do island living with only a bunch of sensors. I'd go crazy.

ISTP. For practical matters. ISTP can build stuff and find resources, can maybe even convince the INTP to get off his ass and come help. I bet one of them knows how to make wine with tropical fruit, actually.

ISTJ: for Te and Si dom considerations. Encourages the ISTP to work on the food and shelter situation instead of my wine project.

ESTP: for high sex drive ;)Any particular reason for thinking this?I think it varies. I'm a mostly verbal INFJ. I've heard from a lot of other Ni doms (particularly INTJs) that they're highly visual thinkers. I relate to her and to "You Learn" very well as an INFJ, fwiw. I think ENFPs and INFJs often relate to the same songs and characters.INFP: Sadness is a Blessing, Lykke Li

INFJ: Black, Okkervil River

ENFP: Red Right Ankle, The Decemberists

Actually, I could name NF depression anthems for days.INFJ 6. Depends, but probably anger first, then my anger will suddenly collapse after a while and I'll feel sad and hurt. Think cycle may repeat a few times, until I'm over it. Prone to weed and comfort eating, for sure. Maybe alcohol, but I normally try to avoid it if I'm in a bad emotional state, because I think it makes it worse.Ime (as an INFJ with ADHD-PI), Js with ADHD are often hard to distinguish from Ps. You don't really sound like an xNTP to me from this post, although you haven't given us a lot to go on. You sound like some of the male ISFJs I've known, so if that seems right to you, I'd go with it. Do you have any hobbies you're obsessed with? My ISFJ boyfriends have always been obsessed with music and/or comedy.

Also really happy to see a fellow LJer! Sometimes I miss those days.Little Miss Sunshine, Big Fish, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Adaptation, Stranger than FictionThinking, then anxious, then social, then restrained. Sounds about right.Has anyone watched Bloodline on Netflix? I'd be very interested to hear what various types thought of the characters by the end of the first (or second) season. Also, any thoughts on mbti types?I've been in my hometown visiting my INFP best friend for the last few days. I love talking to her. We naturally vibe, since the moment we met in junior high, which is a bit over half our lives at this point. We can talk (and chain smoke, lol oops) for hours and hours without getting tired of each other. I finally introduced her to my husband (INTP, knew beyond a shadow of a doubt she'd like him) yesterday and she, like, gave us a very grave blessing, lmao. "Now that I've met you, *I get it*, and I see how it works. You're good together. I like you." Anyway, point is, I love her deeply.

But we had an interaction yesterday that is of a piece with other conversations I've had with her, that have started standing out as a pattern since I began studying MBTI a couple of years ago. The gist is that she expresses a strong opinion about something I have some academic knowledge of, but the opinion is lacking any of the academic nuance and often in contradiction to the consensus of the community that devotes their lives to that area of study. At this point, I'm all but compelled (due to my own values) to explain it to her, fill in the blanks. And it's not like she gets mad at me or anything, but you can see her go into "non receive" mode the second I fail to outright agree with her.

The conversation we had yesterday (more like a rant on her end, followed by explaining by me and then some awkward silence, lol) was centered around free speech on campus (she thinks "sjw" types trying to physically bar Milo Y types from campus is a problem, although she also thinks he's reprehensible), then shifted to how she doesn't trust gender studies.

So the specific part I wanted to mention, she keeps repeating the idea that "they think gender has no biological basis! I mean, just look in your pants!" I kept saying that, while I don't know what I personally think about this, because I believe it's impossible to know with the information available to us, those academics you're talking about draw a distinction between gender and sex. Sex is what's in your pants. Gender (according to the social scientists you're half referencing, at least) is the set of expectations placed upon you by society based on what's in your pants. So it's kind of impossible to tell what the biological basis for that might be, because nobody grows up free of that cultural pressure.

I was not trying to disagree with her, honestly, just trying to help her understand how she's misunderstanding the scientists. I quoted the study I read a while ago that teachers subtly discourage girls from going into math and science by heaping praise on boys and not nearly as much on girls, even if they're very bright, and even female teachers. She instantly disagreed. "But we have 3 childless 30 year old women in this room! You were the smartest person in our class and all the teachers loved you! It's insulting to say that women are so easily influenced!" 

To me, we are clearly outliers. It's literally impossible to discourage me from academic pursuits. I'm naturally defiant. So is she. I don't think for a second that my anecdotal experience qualifies me to outright disagree with a study, although it may make me skeptical. But saying any of this to her is like talking to a brick wall, lol. We eventually just changed the subject. I've had similar conversations with her about politics. We agree like 80-90%, but if we ever discuss the 10-20% areas of disagreement, she becomes what I would call "unreasonable", and she's probably thinking that I'm cold and robotic. 

Like, I remember a conversation last year where I wished people would be less reactive/emotional in their political convictions, because to me that accounts for most of the world's political problems. She acted like that was the most ridiculous thing I've ever said, lol. Of course people are voting based on fear – they're afraid! It's neither reasonable nor desirable to ask them to reconsider their emotional reaction, according to her. This idea literally makes me grind my teeth (but of course I just dropped it, lol). 

Anyway, just to be clear, I think she's incredibly smart. I'm glad that we both think for ourselves. I would never want her to be more like me or anything. Most of our disagreements are essentially her having an opinion on something and me explaining why I don't think I have enough information to form an opinion either way. And it goes both ways, usually with me expressing an opinion that she should have told someone off (like the guy who is sexually harassing her at work, or her boss who won't do anything about it), and her explaining to me why we don't have enough information to take such a harsh stance, or that it's inappropriate to be mean to this person because X personal problem they have. 

I'm just interested in how we differ in our thinking, and I thought you guys might also be interested, since INFJ/INFP mistypes are so common.
**Your strengths include:**

*- Analyzing your own strengths and weaknesses*

*- Analyzing theories and ideas*

*- Excellent self-awareness*

*- Clearly understands the basis for your own motivations and feelings*

Interesting, I didn't think my answers would add up to this but I definitely agree with it.I'm curious if very varied responses might lead to intrapersonal intelligence, because I didn't think my answers would add up to that at all. I thought I was going to get some creative genius mastermind intelligence.

Did you tick daydream and people watch?One is a perception function and the other is a judging function, there's no point in comparing the two, they're completely different. The relevant question is how the two interact in different positions, or how the interaction between Ni-Ti compares with the interaction of Ti-Si and Ni-Te.&gt; Ni trains of thought are usually more structured, like an essay.

Not from an outside perspective, it might be structured to the Ni user themselves, but present that train of thought to someone else and it's not going to make a lot of sense, it'll be filled with gaps, inconsistencies and contradictions. Ni users usually have to put a lot of effort into learning how to preemptively set up the context as well as find appropriate analogies to get their thoughts across comprehensively.You have less control over your lower functions, which make them rougher around the edges, more forceful and less nuanced. It's not your natural mode so it isn't fluent and effortless, it requires your full focus to maintain, that's why you experience a flow state, but because it requires your full focus you can't deal with any other bullshit.ENFJs aren't particularly smooth either though, way too over the top.Boring.It's not nonexistent, it's more so uncomfortable and devalued.

The big difference between the inferior and PoLR is that the inferior is something you want to improve on, engaging in it is exciting but draining. The PoLR on the other hand is just uncomfortable and stressful, it's a weakness you don't value and, given the choice, never engage in.Yeah they don't even need to have an agenda to negatively affect the environment. High Fe users in a bad place will often be emotionally abusive, making you feel their pain without even being aware of doing it, it can be really ugly.

It can absolutely be utilized as conscious manipulation as well, although I find that in most cases they manipulate without even being aware of it.You've probably mistyped the INFJs then, INFJs, much like INTJs, tend to reek of "know-it-all" in presentation. INFJs usually hide it pretty well verbally though.You're the one attempting to affect someone's opinion, the burden of evidence is on you. Not to mention you're behaving like a petty child downvoting every response while acting like a dick.There's a very simple solution to this, and the only way you will know anything with certainty, start approaching and finding out if they're interested or not.Interesting, seems fairly accurate, ridiculously biased towards extroversion though.You're exactly as good as you are, your assessment is completely irrelevant. Start proving yourself to yourself, results are undeniable. It doesn't matter how dumb/smart you think you are, if you can't utilize it to produce any form of results then it's good for nothing, completely useless.

So instead of asking whether you are dumb or not, realize that you are exactly where you're at regardless of what you think, and unless you put effort into improving you will never get better. Let the results speak for themselves. Get your head out of your ass and start challenging yourself by putting effort into producing actual tangible results. Stop feeling entitled to be good at something without putting in serious effort, you're just another loser amongst the rest of us, prove yourself.Yes, just fucking do it.E3s are likely to neglect their emotions while pushing for results but later on having those emotions hit them like a solid brick wall, a very bumpy ride. I'd assume E1s, E5s and E8s are the "least emotional".Haha nah, I was talking specifically about the DCNH portrait by Vera Borisova. The extroverted subtypes are portrayed as enhancing your type whereas the introverted ones are portrayed as more of a nuisance. Depends on the context, if it's any of their business or not. It's pretty common that people start demanding specifics in order to try to back you up against the wall or otherwise undermine you, if someone asks me for specifics that they have fuck all to do with I'll happily lie to get out of there quicker, I don't tolerate such bullshit manipulation.

I still withhold information in other situations too, it isn't functional to always present everything with as much nuance as possible, but I try very hard to not skew the presentation and misrepresent counter arguments.We're in the same quadra, I just find it interesting how your reception changes depending on what type people think you are.

&gt; Omission of critical information is far more manipulative than lying in my opinion.

Yes, definitely, it's far more manipulative.&gt; I'll just say that I "lost" it. I'm lying to save time (from having to explain it)

You aren't lying here though, you did lose it, you're just not elaborating on how you lost it, you're withholding information.I find it interesting how easily people claim that they do not lie to save time, or at the very least withhold information, this in itself is denying the nuances of the situation. Any real situation is endlessly complex, it's utterly impossible to present every piece of relevant information and argue every possibly relevant tangent. What you do when you "don't consciously withhold important information" is simply presenting all the arguments and information that you find relevant, that you have judged as relevant through your personal set of confirmation and selective biases. The moment you've acknowledged your own biases it's impossible to not admit that you're withholding potentially relevant information, you might not find it relevant, but that doesn't mean it's definitively not relevant.&gt; And i have actually been studying control of population indirectly.

It's a fascinating topic, I find anything with public reception incredibly interesting. I've been thinking about doing an analysis of the similarities and differences between Noam Chomsky and Sam Harris and how some of these differences might explain their difference in public reception, but I'm lazy :(

This US presidential election has also turned into a particularly interesting case of mass manipulation.What's your enneagram if you know?Yeah there are plenty of interesting things to be said about climate change. I suppose you're already aware, but [Alex Epstein](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJmL9hRrpIQ) does have some interesting arguments. I completely agree with his angle that anything man-made is demonized, whether it be GMOs, climate change, medicine or just about anything else. For some bizarre reason "natural" is seen as good, when reality is our flourishing is thanks to taming nature and making it more inhabitable, not by letting it run all over us.Oh just trying to see general links between INFJ behaviors and enneagram type. I thought you were a 6 based on what you wrote, but I still haven't quite placed what INFJ 2s and 4s are like so was just curious in case you identified as either one of those really.Se, or more accurately it's PoLR Ne in socionics, so ISTPs and ISFPs, to a lesser extent ESFPs and ESTPs as well.

*Edit*

Meh, actually screw all of that, every type and function has its own style of black&amp;white thinking.

PoLR Ti (ESFP, ENFP): Ignores the theoretical for the factual. 

PoLR Te (ISFJ, INFJ): Ignores the practical for the principle.

PoLR Ni (ESTJ, ESFJ): Ignores the plausible for the experience.

PoLR Ne (ISTP, ISFP): Ignores the possible for the probable.

PoLR Si (ENFJ, ENTJ): Ignores the experience for the vision.

PoLR Se (INTP, INFP): Ignores the present for the possible.

PoLR Fi (ESTP, ENTP): Ignores the personal for the rational.

PoLR Fe (ISTJ, INTJ): Ignores the social for the practical.Mostly it's people being insecure, they don't trust you so they're testing you and trying to catch you lying. Other times it's just people trying to create leverage to push their agenda. I don't think it's function related, I think it's fairly basic human nature, it's probably somewhat related to Enneagram though.There are generally two "components" to creativity, the first one is obsession, to completely expose yourself to whatever you want to be creative in, to rewire all of your thoughts around that topic. The second component is downtime, it's when you take a step away from your obsession for a while, allow yourself to just be, open yourself up to new stimuli, that's when your brain starts creating new connections and you get creative ideas.

So I'd suggest you keep up the obsession for now, read a bunch about it, try your hand at creating all sorts of weird shit, even if it doesn't turn out good just keep trying. Then distance yourself from it, and give it another shot once you've reset and found inspiration.This doesn't seem very intuitive. E1s are all about rejecting emotions because it affects their judgement, and unjust judgement is absolutely intolerable to an E1. The only way it makes any sense that an E1 is "emotional" is if E1s for whatever reason have a higher level of natural emotions, which sounds absurd.&gt; They are very emotional inside, the struggle is to not express them inappropriately. 

I disagree, they reject emotions because it affects their judgement, they repress conscious emotions as they see it as nothing but a source of corrupting their judgement.

Again, you're just assuming that for whatever reason they are more emotional by default, why would more emotional people end up as E1s when E1s reject emotions?&gt; They feel emotions just fine, they simply control themselves because they hold many expressions of said emotions to be inappropriate.

You seem to be interpreting this out of an E8 perspective, E1s don't care about displaying emotions, they care about emotions corrupting their judgement, thus repressing them and emotionally detaching in order to stay as objective as possible. 1s view themselves as objective, they go out of their way in order to try to remain just, this includes pushing emotions out of the conscious to not have your judgement corrupted.What you're describing isn't linked to any one type or set of cognitive functions. On/off, hot/cold behavior is primarily sexual variant in enneagram. The purposefulness and impatience is primarily enneagram 1 or 3. The complete emotional commitment to relationships is stereotypical of inferior Fi but also pretty typical enneagram 5, 6 and 8 behavior. There are plenty of ways of interpreting the stuff you wrote, it could fit a sexual 7 ESFP, it could fit just about any EJ enneagram 1 or 3, it could fit most sexual 6s or 8s etc. etc.

All in all, you sound mostly like an ExTJ sexual 1, but it isn't behavior limited to any particular types or functions, what you're describing can fit a whole bunch of types.Like I give a fuck about Socionics, PoLR makes perfect sense though.ISTJ.Whatever it is they never tell me.Let's look at it through an example.

Say you're in a band and you're touring. A Fe user is likely to focus on the vibe of the audience, trying to find patterns in their performance and how the audience is responding. The Fe user will then try to systemize this and understand why they respond the way they do, what is the fundamental motivation, what "general knowledge" about people or humanity can be derived from this?

A Te user is likely to focus on more concrete factual data, how many people attended? What are the factors that play into the amount of attendants? The way it was promoted? How much does the location matter? Etc. etc.

The Fe user and Te user will initially look at different things, and this will very likely lead to different lines of thoughts as well. A Fe user analyzing how the show was advertised will once again try to find patterns in emotional motivations for attending and develop an advertisement method according to their understanding of human nature. A Te user will look at the concrete patterns, it's focused on functionality, it looks at the initial states and the outcome and tries to draw the most linear line between the two.

Worth pointing out that everything said here is biased from a Ni/Se, Fe/Ti perspective.What makes you question it?
Probably a combination of your view on intuitives being twisted and mistyped people.Who the fuck isn't online?How many people do random facebook tests and what not all the time? Why wouldn't a sensor find it intriguing if they find their result accurate? But there's nothing abstract about the test and the profile, there are plenty of people on /r/mbti and the specific type subreddits that don't know there's more to it than the tests.

Everyone is invested in themselves and the "self", you'll find that most personal growth gurus out there are extroverts.[Elliott Hulse](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cZCSj6IP6M) - ENFJ

[Charlie (Charisma on Command)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F08qtHtrXI8) - ESTP(?)

[Dan Pena (technically a high achievement coach)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_1kQ_MUeuA) - ESFP

[Tyler RSD](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_Fy6ZJMsXs) - ESTP

Some of the ones I'm aware of, all extroverts.Yes, and your argument is pulled straight out of your arse with nothing to back it up. Everyone is invested in the self, it's part of being human.&gt; I said "in theory" and it makes sense since introverts are ALWAYS focused on the self. Such is the nature of introverts.

That's not how focus works, think about it for a second, it's ridiculous.

You also haven't displayed any connection between self investment and MBTI in the first place, if you've spent your entire life "focused on the self", what possible use is MBTI to you? Is it understanding other people? But weren't you just always focused on the self? Fuck interest do you have in other people then?


&gt; Most people get into the MBTI because of self realization

So you say, I sure as fuck have no interest in the MBTI for self realization purposes.

&gt; in "Gift's Differing" it clearly states that the main purpose of the MBTI is for people to discover themselves.

What its "purpose" is and what it's used for are two very separate things. The MBTI is based on Jung's work, whose focus was on mapping and understanding, not self realizing.

&gt; Focus on the self does not mean you know the MBTI...

No but why would you need the MBTI if you've spent your entire life focusing on yourself and understanding yourself? How could you possibly not have developed a far more nuanced understanding of the self than something as simplistic as the MBTI over the years?

&gt; Yes of course but like I said before, all of that comes after the "self". It's not our top priority.

So why wouldn't extroverts be interested in the MBTI in order to understand other people?&gt; However, the thing is that almost 100% of the time. MBTI is introduced to people by asking them to "find their own type". Therefore the "self" is much more focused here. At least at first.

No, almost 100% of the time MBTI is introduced by someone shittesting and getting a type and a profile as the output. "I wonder what other people test as?" is a perfectly reasonable first thought, and in fact provably a common one based on how many people share the test with friends.

&gt; My question was that " does your main purpose of the MBTI have anything to do with stuff other than self realization"

Yes, my interest in MBTI has nothing what so ever to do with self realization.

&gt; You could know something, but not know what it is. MBTI fulfills this purpose of discovering "what it is".

What use is boxing in your nuanced understanding of yourself into a far more simplistic and limited framework when it comes to self realization?
Nobody is censoring you here, you're perfectly free to express any harsh claims, if nobody is buying your opinion then make better arguments. MBTI is too small of a subreddit for the voting to be any form of censorship.

By all means, create your own echo chamber if that's what you want, but it's not benefiting anyone but the egos of the people participating in the new echo chamber.&gt; This reminds me why I hate discussing anything with EXFP's

Amusing, since I'm not an ExFP.

&gt; Yea and that person shit testing was started by "trying to find his own type"

No, people shittest all the time, do you seriously not know any people? Look at your facebook feed, people take dumb tests all the time.

&gt; You literally made the argument that your interest with the MBTI had to do with self realization (implied) and now you are denying it because you want to "win" this argument.

No, I never once implied my interest in the MBTI had anything to do with self realization, it doesn't.

&gt; It's tells us what it is, it gives us a much more clear understanding. The functions themselves are not simplisitic they are very abstract and complicated actually. People just try to make them as simple as possible so that most people can understand and apply them in an practical way.

If you wanted a clear understanding you'd be looking into neuroscience and psychology, that's a nuanced understanding. MBTI is extremely simplistic.What are the major changes in how you perceive yourself you've had lately?All opinions are subject to discussion here and do operate on equal footing, people just disagree, and it's fine.

If this subreddit was bigger I'd agree the downvoting was an issue, then it'd actually be a tool for censoring discussion, but /r/mbti is way too small for it to be an issue. I've seen the general understanding of /r/mbti shift multiple times by users arguing their opinions, you just have to keep giving solid arguments and convince them one at a time.&gt; Real talk though, I'm sure 100% you are an XSFP, preferably ESFP.

Real talk though, I'm not.

&gt; They shit test with the intention of finding their test.

That would be testing with an intent rather than just taking a test for shits and giggles, most people take tests for shits and giggles.

&gt; Everyone is invested in themselves and the "self", you'll find that most personal growth gurus out there are extroverts.

Yes, I'm invested in myself and personal growth, that doesn't mean I use MBTI for self realization or personal growth, in fact I consider it utterly foolish to do so.

&gt; Sure I'm done lol

Bend the knee boy, bend the knee.Nah, you're just butthurt and unable to argue the topic.Not by individuals per se, but I really despise group pressure, so I guess it's fair to say that I'm intimidated by types that are good at manipulating the crowd against you. The dom/aux Fe users are the most guilty of this, but any enneagram 3 can definitely be guilty of it too, as well as some extroverted 8s.[We belong to the same quadra, said to an ESTP](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/518qy7/would_you_lie_to_save_time/d7a8iof?context=3)

[Worth pointing out that everything said here is biased from a Ni/Se, Fe/Ti perspective](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/51cb70/fe_vs_te_when_seeking_external_input/d7bczja?context=3)

Sorry brah, never said I was an ESFP in my comment history, only the opposite.Bend the knee.What were the things about ESTJ you were really relating to?Self improvement across the board.How interested are you in human nature?Stop pulling shit out of your arse, I've never said anything about my type besides belonging to the beta quadra (ESTP, ENFJ, ISTP, INFJ) and not being ESFP (duh).

I do know my type.I would suppose it's just a matter of different ego defenses and where your self worth/pride lies.I said I was Ni/Se, not Ni&gt;Se, I haven't made any indications what order my stack is in.

Don't move the topic of conversation over to the other person if you can't handle the other person responding in kind. I didn't say fuck all about you personally until you went off topic and made it personal, all I did was argue aggressively, boo fucking hoo.You're bitching about someone needing manners when you made your own bed, good handling, like a toddler.At least you're consistent about the toddler behavior.Clearly that's why you're being a toddler, no weight behind my words :(Look into enneagram, I'd say ESTJ enneagram 1, 3 or 6 with social/sexual or sexual/social instincts works well with what you've said. Alternatively ENFP or ESFP but doubt it.Would you say you have set principles for human nature? If you do, give a few examples.Would you say you see yourself and/or your lines of thought in Dave Mitchell? [1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xA85LVmqg0M), [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6vLp07ZePY)You're a crystal clear INFJ imo.I'm pretty confident that you're an ISFJ.What's your taste in aesthetics? ESFPs tend to have very different taste in aesthetics in comparison to ESTJs and ENFPs.Yeah but I'm asking for specific taste, show me some aesthetics you enjoy, whether it be clothes, art or whatever.Hm, that's pretty hard actually, tell me if you prefer the A) or B) set of pictures.

A) [1](https://scontent-fra3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/10734045_10152824162423382_7876225190898430578_n.jpg?oh=7d69efb0008e1c1eef844296a3b8fb52&amp;oe=5844D42D), [2](https://scontent-fra3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/1930716_45862088381_9351_n.jpg?oh=1810908a1da30b7e915755554b58d378&amp;oe=5840E5FE)

B) [1](https://scontent-fra3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/12049692_10208086305142052_2195091745697044022_n.jpg?oh=d219711c978de0fbb64b2313659119f5&amp;oe=5880D381), [2](https://scontent-fra3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/t31.0-8/s960x960/10386910_10152726786827262_344073482170661205_o.jpg)Okay, I would honestly rule out ESFP. Se/Ni is much more into sharp contrasts than Ne/Si, obviously taste always has a significant personal flair, but I don't think I've ever seen a Se/Ni user who isn't into sharp contrasts and "complete" pictures, they also tend to not at all be into segmented art. The first set of pictures was made by an ESFP.

I'd say continue looking into ESTJ and ENFP, my money is very much on ESTJ still.Well it's not just the aesthetics, you write nothing like an ESFP either, they're way more direct. I don't really think anything about you seems ESFP ;pI agree, assuming distribution is silly, I however disagree that questioning someone's type based on a theoretical understanding is bad. The goal ought to be to move towards a more nuanced and rational understanding, mistypes make it a lot harder to recognize patterns and to find any sort of supportive data to latch onto.Polling showed that the overwhelming majority of people 18-30 supported Bernie though, which is also the majority of the reddit demography, meaning it was representative.You left out the part where they are the lord and savior.How did you not know that? :/ ;DYour entire post assumes the accuracy of your initial premises, one of them being the accuracy of MBTI, without any supportive arguments or data.

&gt; at this point most sensors would just call MBTI unscientific...

Because it is, there is a total lack of empiricism in the scientific sense, something your comment is doing a beautiful job of displaying by offering zero principles or data, nothing you've offered is verifiable, it's empty.Aaw, the world isn't what you want it to be, poor you :(OP questioned why the distribution is assumed, his rebuttal is "because it is by definition", implying that the theory necessitates it, then proceeded to offer no principle or set of data, nothing he said can be debunked or verified, it isn't testable. Not only can none of it be verified or debunked, but he also decided to "cover his ass" by setting up the table against anyone disagreeing with him, which first of all is a well known manipulation tactic and second of all is cowardly as fuck. 

If someone questions the validity or accuracy of the MBTI, how the fuck is it a tolerable response to answer "it's accurate by definition" and then proceed to talk down on anyone potentially disagreeing while covering your ass in advance. I don't find it tolerable, I find it utterly fucking cowardly.What kind of options are these? Not a single question with options I agreed with.Results by type would be more interesting.Agreed, the answer was far more obvious if you didn't think about it at all.Ni: Manifests as detachment and a lack of focus, the individual often doesn't focus on anything in particular. The lack of focus gives the Ni dom a good overview, it's the broadest but least detailed perspective.

Fe: A focus on "external values", usually manifests as interest in human nature and a strive towards social harmony. Working in combination with Ni and Ti the INFJ doesn't necessarily place a lot of importance on the present but instead focuses on trends and principles, trying to move things in the perceived optimal direction.

Ti: Tries to systemize the perceived trends creating principles (in the scientific sense). Because Ti serves Ni the overview is always the emphasis, often leading to issues with coherency, the person is always trying to capture the overview rather than creating one, and connecting all the dots can be difficult, often leading to gaps in reasoning or flat out contradictions.

Se: Some discomfort with the outside world. Not only is the INFJ not very focused on the outside world, but unlike the INTJ who has auxiliary Te to quickly make sense of new situations the INFJ needs to internalize it through Ti, making them very sensitive to entirely new situations with lots of external stimuli.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Pretty simplistic descriptions, focusing more so on the INFJ's perspective.I'd say every type is inherently illogical.Nah Ne focuses on possibilities, zooming off into the distant. When Ni doms do focus they're obsessive as fuck, yes, because they're trying to capture the overview, but that is not the default mode.&gt; while Ne is a big ball of ideas and has difficulties focusing because they get so easily distr... SQUIRREL!

That is focusing though, you're focusing on the squirrel. The default mode of Ni doms is to not focus on anything in particular, they probably won't even see the squirrel, and if they do they don't care and won't pay attention to it. When a Ni dom is listening there is very little processing going on, besides creating vague internal simulations.&gt; However, Ni is focused in its ideas. It latches onto an idea and fleshes it out. It is unfocused about the physical world but focused in their abstract world.

So Ni offers an overview of the situation, yet what it does is constantly focus on its ideas? Tell me one single thing in this world where you get a better overview by focusing, it's utterly irrational, the only way you get a better overview is by less focus. In order to process a lot of data you need to sacrifice accuracy.

&gt; Infjs and intjs like to create a vision but often times don't put the actions into place to realize it.

They don't really create a vision, more so they simply perceive one, and the obsession comes in when they try to figure out how to implement/relay their vision, putting it into action/words.

&gt; Ni in ESFP is repressed like Se in INFJ. ESFPs are so focused on the present that they can end up seeming aimless and impulsive

How is that relevant?I would assume it's some weird ass question that refers to commitment, do you prefer infinite commitment or someone who never commits fully but keeps their mind open.Yes, Ni doms frequently need to backtrace their evaluations and connect the dots, it's part of why they become so obsessive, trying to structure and implement/relay what seems obvious to them.This is what turns me so off about academic philosophy, there are so many outdated dumb ideas that are taken seriously. When virtue ethics are taken far more seriously than utilitarianism/consequentialism I know it's time to fuck off from the madness.

Don't take this as me not liking philosophy, I love philosophy, I just really dislike the field.Wouldn't say it's particularly an SP thing, more so the entire Ni/Se axis. It's not very hard to find Ni dom philosophers who reject the majority of philosophical arguments, finding them irrelevant and uninteresting.Depends on what angle you're looking at it from, from an individual perspective, no. From a societal perspective then yes, it is a little bit irrelevant how you got to where you're at while you're slaughtering people, gotta stop the slaughtering first.Your coworker is dead either way but you'll feel better if you press the button, I think it's pretty clear which outcome is preferable.

I don't subscribe to any philosophy in particular, but consequentialism is definitely the closest to my worldview. I find that a lot of criticism of consequentialism comes from lack of context, people isolate hypothetical scenarios but can't help but evaluate them based on the context of their entire life experience, so isolating the situation makes little sense in the first place. It can tell you some interesting things about what you actually value, it does tell you something, but it isn't really a relevant representation/evaluation of the moral code.Not really sure how appropriate the last question is, it could very easily be interpreted as a phishing attempt.Yeah I largely agree with that aspect of ethics of care, it also does a plenty good job of dealing with self defense and other things that can often be troublesome in other moral philosophies. It does present a few of other issues though, things like breaking social contracts at times when you need to assume the other person is okay with it but cannot verify, those situations get tricky.Nah people who are paranoid about it can just ignore it, I think it's fine, just wanted to point it out so people can keep it in mind in the future, primarily people answering questionnaires.Any song that you relate to strongly personally. 

People will often have passwords or account recovery questions related to their interests.Deontology has this underlying unspoken idea that if you adhere to your good nature good stuff will happen, I find this naive. It's irresponsible to turn a blind eye to the situation ahead of you and not try to analyze it for the best possible outcome, it's nothing but a cop out to avoid accountability. Intentions matter, principles matter, but at the end of the day outcome is the only thing we actually care about. The consequence of your action is the output, if your algorithm isn't producing the output you intended then it's not working properly and you need to improve it.&gt; It suggests that anyone could just be firing off ideas all the time like a Ne-dom, if they wanted to, but that's not the case

This seems like a pretty romantic and unrealistic view of Ne. Point me to one ENTP out there who has a level of "firing off" that you don't think you could pull off if you practiced?I don't think even basic communication would be possible if these were literally different processes.As much as you extract your worldview into language you also project your worldview onto language, a particular pattern wouldn't have the same meaning to different dominant processes, when you'd try to show the connection between x and y the kid might perceive a completely different connection, thus making even the process of learning language problematic. They don't though, they see the same patterns.

Not all that often, mostly it's just an issue of looking at an issue from different perspectives, which is obvious with differing experiences, that would happen if you share the exact same information processing as well.

Selective biases, confirmation biases and differing experiences covers most of communication issues imo.The moment the utmost duty is placed upon your responsibility to make sure you critically analyze the situation and strive to get the best outcome then you practically have consequentialism, however still with the odd caveat that you *trying* was the only thing that mattered.

I agree they mix well, any practically functional moral philosophy I would argue have deontological elements. I'm just not a particularly huge fan of placing the weight on the will instead of the outcome, that means a ignorant person is perfectly fine to ruin the world as long as it was out of good will, I disagree, an ignorant person ought to be held fully accountable for making ignorant choices regardless of his good will.Except I have no problems firing off ideas left and right while brainstorming.Former Case v1: You should have checked that the gun wasn't loaded, clearly that is your responsibility. We could change the scenario and have you check it, put the gun away and someone else loading it in between with the specific intent of killing your coworker, yet once again you should have checked the gun before pointing and shooting, or at the very least test shot it. This case is clearly not as bad as variant 2, I did very clearly say I think intent matters, but you're not without responsibility, there are still lessons to be learned here. You cannot be trusted to handle a gun until you've proven otherwise.

Former Case v2: You're entirely responsible. You cannot be trusted to not murder again, preventive measures need to be taken.

Latter Case v1: Which one is more important, her trying to kill you or you surviving? Clearly it's more important that you survive. None of that means she shouldn't be punished, the consequence of her action isn't that she's a murderer, the consequence is that she can no longer be trusted to not murder. If the outcome is what you care about then prevention is your moral obligation.

Latter Case v2: This is clearly worse, not only can she not be trusted to not murder again but you also died. The same preventive measures need to be taken but you also lost a life.

I don't view morality through an individual lens exclusively. The virus killing you does exactly what it's intending to do, merely condemning its action is futile, you have to accept the existence of it and focus on the responsibility of prevention, minimizing the damage.

&gt;  ...he nevertheless believed that your murder would be the result of the decision to tell Alex the truth of your whereabouts and deliberately decided to give Alex this information anyway...

You can take this one step further, what if Immanuel is clueless to the point that he has absolutely no idea that you're going to get killed. He has all the evidence in front of him, yet for whatever reason he just doesn't care enough to think twice, he has the capacity, he just isn't thinking. He had no bad intentions, he acted entirely out of ignorance, does he not have any moral responsibility?If you haven't yet, I suggest you look into Enneagram as well to colour your characters even more.

Character B to me sounds like an Enneagram 6 ISTJ, I could also see him as an Enneagram 8 ISTP/ISFP if the background of the character is harsh enough. Definitely sounds like an introverted thing to say anyhow.&gt; Are you morally culpable for this?

No of course not, there is nothing you could realistically have done, there is no lesson to be learned here. The terrorist is responsible. The contrast between this case and Immanuel is that Immanuel had all the data he needed, this person does not.

&gt; The key question here, I think, is can a decision be immoral even if it doesn't have any harmful consequences?

Immoral is an empty word to me, it's a relative term with no meaning. A decision can be inconsistent with your intentions, your intentions can be inconsistent with your values and your values can be inconsistent and/or intolerable to society. I think everyone constantly fails to be consistent with their intentions and I think everyone constantly have intentions that are inconsistent with their values. I view these as failures, and when our failures affect others there are consequences and we're accountable. I might have tried my very damn well best to be consistent, but I failed, and if I failed in such a way that society can no longer trust me in that regard then those are simply the consequences, despite me trying my damned hardest to do everything right. Life isn't fair.

&gt; The only answer I can conceive of to this question is: because I have some sort of a moral duty to minimise the damage caused by the virus—this is just deontology again.

In consequentialism the outcome is what matters, you can rewrite that into it being your duty to optimize the outcome. Any morality can be summarized as a deontological position like this, it's meaningless.

&gt; I don't think a virus can actually intend to do something, so I don't think a virus can be morally culpable.

And when you look at humanity as a whole you inevitably simply have people carrying out horrific actions, regardless of intent. These actions are the virus in the system, and endlessly condemning them does nothing to stop them, you simply have to accept your responsibility to try to minimize the damage.

&gt; Lastly, I don't think Immanuel has moral responsibility if he is ignorant of the consequences of his actions. 

So a religious person who murders a thousand people carries no moral responsibility if he was absolutely certain that these people are going to heaven and that he's saving their souls from hell? *EDIT:* Add that he was completely brainwashed into believing this from a very very young age.I was expecting to be pretty disappointed with the video form the first few minutes, but I have to say this was extremely well done. It was coherent and offered a much fuller picture of the INFJ than his previous breakdown. Great contrasts, great examples, truly an insightful video.&gt; you could have decided to put on your other pair of shoes just in case there was a microscopic capsule inside of your usual pair which, had you crushed it by putting your usual pair of shoes on, would have detonated a bomb in a school.

No you couldn't reasonably have done that, doing so would have been a choice of pure coincidence, there was no information you could reasonably make that determination based on. Again, my focus is on what to learn from the situation, you can't reasonably learn anything from that. Someone could put a detonator anywhere and you can't possibly check every place, there isn't a conceivable lesson to be learned besides "some people are fucked up". Perhaps the one thing you could learn is to make it harder to break into your place, but once again it isn't reasonable to expect someone to put effort into making it impossible or near impossible to break into your place.

&gt; if Immanuel had only bothered to look, he would have seen the gun in Alex's hand and realised what was happening.”

Immanuel had both visual evidence, almost certainly also auditory evidence and possibly thirdly also context. There is no excuse for him to have his head so far up his ass that he gets his roommate killed. Of course he isn't responsible for the death, he didn't kill anyone or conspire to kill anyone, not to mention his roommate might have been murdered anyhow later on, he's responsible for being extremely irresponsible with data and evidence. He obviously should not be put in jail, but he needs to be held accountable for his irresponsibility and if he continuously fails to improve he cannot be trusted with being responsible, and thus needs to be held away from serious responsibility. There are plenty of lessons here for Immanuel to learn, there are plenty of other scenarios he will fuck up if he doesn't learn to pay attention to his surrounding and make rational decisions based on the data. There shouldn't be any restrictions placed on him currently, everyone fucks up, but if he repeatedly fails to be responsible, he can no longer be trusted to be responsible and preventive measures need to be taken.

&gt; Of course, we, being more sane than this individual, still have a responsibility to ensure that he does not cause any more harm, and to this end it would probably be necessary to incarcerate him (in as humane a way as we possibly can).

And what about the people who brainwashed him to do so? Let's say they didn't outright tell anyone to go murder, but that it was nevertheless glorified and implied, are these people immoral in your book? Can you even possibly judge that without further knowledge? Aren't you always going to reach a point where you can plead ignorance and thus be unable to label them as immoral according to what you're saying?No, he's not, he's on the Se/Ni axis.&gt; but my problem with your problem is this: the decision to consider the evidence before him more thoroughly is also just another decision--why should he be expected to make this decision?

Because if the outcome is the most important then it's your responsibility to evaluate the data and try to move things towards the best possible outcome. Immaneul is responsible for the outcome of his actions, it's his responsibility to make sure he does his best to evaluate situations and make rational and informed decisions. He failed this responsibility, he didn't pay attention to his immediate surrounding despite the fact that the evidence was right in front of him. 

On your second point, no you aren't, because there's nothing to learn. I've said this repeatedly, if there's no lesson in there for you to learn, you have no responsibility, the person putting on his shoes couldn't reasonably be expected to have done anything else, this was a mere unfortunate coincidence and thus he carries no responsibility for the school blowing up. If there was a lesson to be learned then the person would be responsible for the mistake they made. Immanuel is responsible of being irresponsible and not paying attention to his surrounding, instead making uninformed decisions. When the evidence is right in front of your eyes and you don't pay attention to it you fucked up, and every person out there is accountable for their fuck ups.

&gt; In this second variation, should you be held morally responsible for the death of those children? It certainly seems so. 

Of course you should, you made the informed decision to kill them. In the first example there is no lesson what so ever to be learned and there are no preventive measures to be taken. In the second example you can no longer be trusted to not murder a whole bunch of other people and so preventive measures need to be taken and you need to be isolated. I've never once argued that intentions don't matter, you're not arguing against me here, you're arguing against a hypothetical position that no person in the entire world holds.

&gt; If consequentialism were true and deontology were false, you would expect that you would retain the same moral culpability in both variations, but you don't.

You're completely straw manning here. Consequentialism says at the end of the day the outcome is the only thing that matters, yes? So if you have a person WILLING TO MURDER then according to consequentialism you need to prevent this person from committing more murders, no? It's obvious intentions matter according to consequentialism, consequentialism is all about preventing bad outcomes, and if you want to do that then intentions are essential.

On the last part, you're missing the point. The people brainwashing also believe they're saving lives, they're absolutely certain that they're saving lives by teaching people what they're teaching. Once again they are not immoral according to you because of their ignorance.I've always thought your posting history reeks of Fe, so I'd assume you're an ISFJ.You state your intellectual interests and similar things way too often, it's a type of Fe posturing. ENTPs tend to put up a witty/cool front, ESFJs put up a random/goofy front and ISFJs put up an intellectual/serious front. INTPs tend to not put up a front at all.

I'm not trying to say that a front is all it is at all, they just overemphasize it outwardly.1. To get more energy and be able to focus for longer periods.

2. To prevent injuries.

3. To increase self esteem and overall satisfaction level.

4. To get stronger.

5. To maintain a schedule. To remind myself of how growth is a matter of discipline and dedication.

6. Aesthetics.

How old are you? Teenagers are extremely receptive and sensitive to other people's opinions, or imagined opinions, regardless of type. It's a neurological phenomenon, it'll affect you until some point in your 20s most likely, depending on how fast you hit puberty and shit like that.Yeah, so you're probably in the middle of growing out of it. I don't really think it says anything about your type currently. I'd say types in general put up a front towards their tertiary function, because they tend to over identify with it, however with Fi users it's far less predictable. Fe wants to come off as balanced, Fe users try to mask their weaknesses, Fi users usually try to portray their individuality and how they're special. The thing is though, Fi users really don't like fronting, they don't try to project the image rather they try to live and be whatever identity they've taken on.Older INTPs really don't tend to give a shit about their appearance to be honest, at least not males.I wasn't refuting his type, I already pointed out that I don't think this behavior is relevant to his type at his age. I just wanted to point out that once INTPs get off the teenage chemical trip they tend to really not care much at all about their appearance.&gt; Finally, this whole thing of tert-identification is... questionable to say the least.

If you're an introvert, in what state of mind do you spend most of your time, an introverted one or an extroverted one? If you're an extrovert, in what state do you spend most of your time, an extroverted or an introverted?

How exactly is it questionable to say the least?I'm perfectly fine with switching the discussion to a different stack, just one point first:

&gt; Basically making the E/I switch a waaay bigger deal than it is right now

The thing is, everything we know so far points towards introversion and extroversion being a continuum, not a dichotomy. Your INTP here is a strongly introverted INFJ in the other stack, your INTJ is a strongly introverted ISTP etc. etc.

&gt; then it would be because your tert serves your inferior. 

Nah, every function in the valued stack "serves" one another, it's an interaction.
&gt; By noting your description as "the valued stack", it's clear that my interpretation of the function stack and its meaning is different.

I'm going by an 8 function stack, where you have 4 valued and the shadow is devalued. That is why I place an emphasis on the quadras, the 4 functions you value heavily colors your attitude regardless of the stack order. The functions are nothing but preferences for certain information, and the more you pay attention to something in particular the less attention you pay to something else. I don't view the functions as placing any biological limitations on you, it doesn't limit your intellect in any way nor does it limit your physical abilities in any way, you're just less likely to be good at some stuff because you're likely to spend less time exposing yourself. You can be extremely athletically gifted with a preference for the abstract of the concrete, just as you can be extremely intelligent with a preference for the abstract of the concrete, both of those are biological and outside of type. If you don't expose yourself and practice in a realm you won't be competent at it regardless of how biologically gifted you are.As for your type according to my view:

1. You really seem to devalue Ni and repress it.

2. Fe seems extremely natural to you, it leaks all over the place, but you consciously value Ti over it.

Si-Fe-Ti-Ne enneagram 5 so/sp is the best fit with those observations.Hm yeah, that post is actually incredibly Ni.

However, take a look at [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4j4npk/do_any_other_high_ti_users_get_mentally_disturbed/) post, that's Ni-Ti, specifically it's high Ni and low Ti. Pay attention to the drain he's experiencing, yet in the post you linked he tells us how he creates images and stories constantly without them draining him. It's when his Ti won't stop rolling that he gets drained, meaning Ti is not actually a standard mode of his, it's something he turns on and off. These 2 posts are insanely Ni, and it's ironic I say that now as I just said he seems to repress Ni entirely, but one has to man up and admit when they're wrong.

I don't agree with ENTJ, but based on this I have to switch my typing from ISFJ to INFJ.

/u/MetricExpansion

*Edit*

Just to add, selective memory and only memorizing stuff relevant to your interests is incredibly INFJ.My issues with ENTJ:

 I have yet to meet an ENTJ with bad memory, they highly value information and thus hoard it, knowledge is power. The ENTJs I know excel at trivia games.

Not sure how a lack of grounding in oneself is ENTJ either, it's entirely INFJ though, INFJs experience themselves more so as a vessel of ideas and a bunch of actions than a self.

What he describes is extremely indicative of introversion, and Ni dominance.

There's Fe all over his posts, I'll admit he's unusually unprickly for an IxFJ when challenged, however I think E5 sp/so explains that.If I was the ISFJ this would seriously piss me off, reducing me to a type and treating me like some fucking child who needs special treatment.

Just be honest, straight forward and pay attention to how he communicates. Argue stuff and figure out in what way you look at things from different angles, what's his worldview? Communication is obviously a two way interaction, if you want to have meaningful conversations both of you need to understand where the other person is coming from, and the only way you get there is by hashing it out and communicating.And I'm telling you, if I was him it'd piss me the fuck off that you're going on reddit instead of hashing your concerns out with me.

&gt; I want to better understand how he communicates and I believe I can also learn from the people on here.

He's not the people on here, he's him, an entire lifetime of experiences and perspectives. You talking to people here doesn't show you where he's coming from nor does it show him where you're coming from. If you brought up these concerns with him you could hash it out, but you're not bringing them up with him, why are you not bringing it up with him? It's condescending.

&gt; If you understand ISFJs, you would know how fucking private they are. Trial and error might not always work because it's always one step forward two steps back.

I can guarantee you he prefers you bringing these concerns directly to him and talking it through with him, that shows respect and trust. And yes, I am talking out of experience.Alright, I apologize for lighting a fire under you if you have brought these concerns up with him.

The S/N divide is meaningless for that, focus on the differences between the perceiving and judging axes, focus on the quadras."It's about hunches" this means nothing, it says nothing about how it operates, how exactly does the unconscious create these ideas? You need to analyze it through its manifestation, that tells us how it operates regardless of how conscious we are of the process itself.

The unconscious isn't something magical that randomly derives hunches from data, it operates in a particular way, and the only way it can be analyzed is through the output.Other definitions try to capture the manifestation of it, albeit they do it in a bizarrely romantic manner that has fuck all to do with reality but whatever.

Almost all of our information processing is unconscious, this should be bloody obvious to anyone. All the functions reside in the unconscious, the majority of what you perceive is just your brain filling in whatever it thinks should be there, only a portion of it is actual sensory data. What? How exactly does you consciously second guessing information in any way contradict what I was saying?Yes you scrutinize the information for accuracy, again, how does that contradict anything I just said? Just because most of your information processing is unconscious it doesn't mean you can't consciously evaluate shit constantly? It just means that the conscious part of it is a drop in the sea, but it's also the only part you're consciously aware of.How often when you look at something do you know exactly why you chose to look at it, and how many times are you not really aware of why exactly you looked there? So if Se as a function means you focus on the external concrete reality around you, how much of Se is actually conscious? If why you look where you look and pay attention to what you pay attention to is almost entirely fed to you by the unconscious then how much of it is really conscious? You see shit, and for whatever reason you look somewhere else based on where you looked.

This applies to any function, they're all fed by the unconscious and all you get is a tiny little conscious summary, but of course that conscious summary is all you're aware of so obviously that is how you view your information processing.If a fly enters your field of vision at close range out of nowhere, why do you pay attention to it? Do you become consciously aware of it and go "oh hey let's pay attention to that fly?" or does your body respond to it naturally and you become aware of the fly after the response?

How many of your motor patterns are you consciously aware of exactly how you're doing and how many are you just aware of doing but don't really have a solid grasp of what the fuck your body is actually up to?

How many times are you consciously aware of someone's name before saying it and how many times do you simply just say it?

Why do so few people who are into typology take interest in relevant scientific fields such as neuroscience, biology, psychology and computer science? It's bloody annoying.&gt; Se is conscious insofar as the sensory details of what you're experiencing occupy your conscious space/awareness.

Some of it does, your entire visual field is not conscious, you don't really know what's there until you focus on it. This is something that's been demonstrated time and time again in experiments. You're conscious that there is something there, and your conscious mind has a vague idea of it, but you aren't consciously aware of what is there until you turn your focus to it.

&gt; wat.

You are rarely aware of why exactly you look first at one place and then follow up by looking somewhere else, something about what you looked at made you look somewhere else, but most of the time you aren't aware of what it was. There's a reason why professionals can read you extremely accurately based entirely on your eyes, because your eyes does a bunch of shit you aren't consciously controlling.

&gt; Consciousness has dominated the Darwinian struggle for life on this planet, so evidently it has a very important and effective function.

There is a whole fuck ton more unconscious life on earth than there is conscious, and we literally couldn't survive without bacteria, so how exactly are we the masters of bacteria and not their bitch?&gt; "as [extraverted] sensation is chiefly conditioned by the object, those objects that excite the strongest sensations will be decisive for the individual's psychology?"

How exactly is that evaluated and what parts of that process is conscious? You're describing an unconscious evaluation method.Is this conscious unconscious what we normies refer to as, uh, memory? I'd assume more specifically functional concepts and patterns? Is there any chance that motor patterns are also... memories?

&gt; If you want to debate the definition of intuition, as a psychoanalytic concept, we gotta debate it within a psychoanalytic framework.

No we don't? If I think the toolbox sucks, or you know, I don't know how to use the tools and don't care, I'll simply go grab a different toolbox.&gt; More to it than that! See my fun diagram.

So it's anything that arises in your psyche that you do not actively control/will? Basically anything outside of your intentional focus?

&gt; Then we are officially yelling at each other in different languages. Ciao.

No we're not.Do you identify with Harry Potter?No being a wizard boy with a fucking scar on your forehead?!? 

Yes, the character!An INFJ/ISFJ isn't suddenly going to get happy just cause they're around happy people when they're in a shitty mood.Mostly true yeah, sx/so and so/sx is going to be significantly more open though.ISFJ 6I'm not an ESFP, I just enjoy seeing how people respond differently depending on what tag you're wearing.Nah, never seemed like a realistic character to me, wonder if anyone identifies with him.Kiritsugu Emiya in Fate/Zero.No, that's not how it works.Why don't you have a guess first? ;)Off.Haha, that's the first time I've ever heard ENTJ, I get INTJ from people every now and then but never gotten ENTJ before.

I'm not an NTJ anyhow, try again!Colder.Or well, two of your options are warmer, two are colder.One extroverted and one introverted one is warmer.Depends a little bit what you mean with "in between the lines" but NFJs are the most narrative driven, they try to construct an internally consistent narrative. NTJs are also narrative driven but they look for the narrative that best connects the given facts, they don't try to make it consistent with their entire worldview, they try to find the most reasonable narrative with the given facts.

Nope.Nope, I'm not on the Te/Fi axis ;pThe INTJ is far less likely to consider how it fits into their worldview in the first place, their worldview is a sum of the components more so than a carefully crafted structure.Sure, not that they'd view it that way themselves, to them they're just not bothered engaging in unnecessary bullshit. It's much more of a "things are generally what they seem to be" mindset.Steps in the right direction.Nope.It's getting hot in here, not quite there yet.Haha, the first one was correct.

I'm an Enneagram 1 sx/so, which in case you aren't familiar with here's a short description:

&gt; "Sexual 1s focus on perfecting others; they are more reformers than perfectionists. The only 1 who is explicitly angry, they act out of anger through their intense desire to improve others and get what they want. They feel entitled in the way a reformer or zealot feels entitled: they believe that they have a right to change society and get what they want because they have a higher understanding of the truth and the reasons behind “the right way to be.” The countertype of the 1s, they are more impulsive and outwardly angry; they go against the “counter-instinctive” tendency of the 1 to repress anger and impulses."

So it's not too surprising people have issues typing me.Just in case you got confused, this is it ;)The core concept of the Enneagram isn't very mystical, it takes core fears and motivations found in humans and splits them into 9 categories. The reason why it's harder to find your Enneagram is because you're supposed to have all of those fears and motivations, the idea however is that some motivations will be stronger depending on childhood imbalances, it's a defense mechanism. If you've had a very balanced life you're most likely going to have a very balanced enneagram, if you had a fucked up childhood you're likely to identify strongly with a core neurosis.

The Enneagram takes a lot of self honesty to figure out, because it's all about the ugly parts of yourself. You need to focus on the motivations rather than behaviors, and you also need to untangle all the different motivations because they're always layered on top of one another. It's about finding the compulsive behavior that protects your sense of worth and stability, the ugly truth beneath the pretty lies.

I suggest you try reading up on all the different Enneagrams, then ask yourself why exactly you like/dislike that Enneagram, what exactly do you find off putting/tempting about it? Go as deep as you can. Hopefully you'll find a pattern that'll help you figure out what really makes you tick, if not you've just gotta keep reading, self reflecting and being honest with yourself.

It's also worth checking out multiple different sources, they're all angled slightly differently, there are many different ways in which the core fear/motivations can manifest.

&gt; Also, what data have you gathered regarding how people viewed you as an "ESFP"?

Surprisingly I haven't really noticed any difference, there's only been two cases where someone started bringing up my flair instead of tackling my actual arguments, ironically they happened to be ISFP both times. I think the flair might have had more impact if I wasn't aggressive/assertive though.I score the lowest on 1 so yeah, wouldn't trust tests ;P

The sexual 1 is the counterphobic 1 though, meaning the behavior is somewhat counter to the type, so it's not too surprising I score low on 1 really.

Check out [this](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/232-Naranjo-s-Subtypes) if you want a really short and ugly overview of the types. You can also see which the counterphobic types are there, which is worth keeping in mind when you read some more extensive description of the types later on.I'm not willing to say precludes, but I definitely think certain combinations are very unlikely. I don't see how dom/aux Fi works with E1 as an example.Not talking about what happened but rather what "meaning" it had to you. Someone telling me what happened isn't very interesting to me unless it leads to a conclusion, why was  what happened interesting? What interesting conclusions or possible interpretations did you draw from it?

"I had the best time!", okay? Why is that surprising? What about you having a good time did you not expect and what did you learn from the experience?No, I don't give a shit about someone's schedule, their interests and preferences aren't interesting on their own.The general consensus with the INTJs I know is that "the longer a conversation goes on the more irrelevant it becomes, most relevant things can be said at the start of a conversation", whereas my perspective is the opposite, the relevant stuff is the fine details you need to work your way towards. 

The INTJ is primarily focused on how something works, the INFJ is focused on why, why does that part of the system do this instead of something else? That's to say an INFJ has a more explicit internal framework of why things work the way they do, whereas the INTJ has a more mechanical framework of how things work, a focus on what the output of the system is rather than the operational principles of the system itself.

The INFJ also doesn't interpret reality through a moral narrative, the moral narrative is created by their understanding of reality. Reality simply is what it is, the laws of the universe and nature has no moral significance, the moral narrative is simply asking why the state of reality is morally relevant. 

Something I noticed when I switched my typing from INTP to INFJ is that people started assuming that I had a moral narrative behind my interpretation, that is simply a faulty way of looking at it. I have a moral narrative behind presenting it, I have no moral narrative in interpreting it. To put it clearer, my understanding of the topic has no moral narrative, the moral narrative is created by the moral relevance of my understanding. The reason why I think my understanding of reality is important has a moral narrative, my understanding of reality in and of itself doesn't.While it most certainly is a far superior method compared to not cross referencing, I still wouldn't trust the accuracy of it. I test INTP everywhere and on Enneagram I usually get 8 or 5. No amount of cross referencing adds up to my actual type which is INFJ 1w9.Cause the INFJ tag is ugly and I enjoy seeing how people respond differently depending on flair. I didn't really notice a difference though so I guess it's time I switch.Respectful disagreement creates trust. Showing vulnerability creates security and trust. Assertive disagreement creates boundaries. Being an annoying cunt is fun etc. etc.

It all depends on what you're trying to achieve.I relate, but I generally also clash very hard with ENFJs. They tend to embrace the behaviors I reject and it pisses me off because I do not respect those behaviors.The definition of Si seems accurate, actually this exact difference came up between me and an Si dom just yesterday.

It's such a peculiar difference, the Si approach seems utterly counter productive to me, the only significant strengths I can think of off the top of my head is the processing speed and memory association. For the Si dom the pattern comes ascribed to the object, it's an immediate recognition and reaction, makes reacting and recalling much faster and easier.
ENFJs tend to sacrifice intellectual integrity for "the greater good", I place an immense importance on intellectual integrity.

Generally way too image oriented, tends to lead to pretentiousness and quite often some issues with looking themselves honestly in the mirror. I'd rather rip someone's ego apart entirely than watch them repeat the same mistakes over and over to the detriment of their well being and the well being of those around them.

Too pushy in social interactions, with ESFJs I'm fine with the dom Fe because they're generally much chiller, ENFJs though are too friendly, too happy so on and so forth, just tries too hard.Respectful: "Hm, yeah I can see your perspective but..."

Assertive: Just straight up tell them why they're wrong, or simply state that they're wrong.

Both of these are mostly about tone, the first one is about making it sound more open, you're not shooting their perspective down, you're just putting yours next to theirs and saying you prefer yours but you can see their reasoning as well. You're making it clear that the two of you disagree but implying that both perspectives are valid and reasonable.

The assertive disagreement is more direct and aggressive in tone. You're making it clear that this is not up to argument. It's important here to move the conversation along quickly and casually, otherwise it'll be seen as hostile and the other person will get defensive.INFJs are a mix of optimism and cynicism, it's our optimism driving our cynical expression. The times when I'm down and actually cynical I withdraw and keep stuff to myself, because why on earth would I create disharmony around me when I think it's futile and I've given up on people? I create disharmony around me because I think it's the right thing to do. I'm optimistic about people's ability to adapt and improve, I'm optimistic about the world slowly moving towards reason as long as there are people out there willing to stand up for their opinions.

No humanity isn't that bad, but things don't get better just because you feel good and want things to get better. In order to improve you need to know what to improve, that means you need to know what's wrong or what could be better. If you can't look honestly at yourself you'll hit a brick wall real quick. We want to escape the ugly truth, we keep ourselves busy with simple pleasures, we create rationalizations, complexes and excuses, anything to not look the ugly truth in the eyes. That's why I'm harsh, because if you want a better life you need to learn to look that ugly truth straight in the eyes, and it's not fun, it's not pretty, but it's what it takes.
&gt; Isn't it presumptuous for you to assume that the most important thing in life for other people is to get better and be told by a stranger about what's right and what's wrong about them?

I'm not presuming that, I'm saying I want a better world.

&gt; This is ironic and very intriguing. But again, what gives you the confidence to think that you actually are the best person to better other people and the world? This is genuine curiosity.

Who said I'm the best? If my arguments happen to be correct they will eventually resonate with the person because no matter how much you try to hide from the truth you will catch glimpses of it. And if I'm not right it won't resonate with you, or it will resonate with you at first but eventually it'll be shown to be false.

&gt; I read your comments to other users and I am so confused by your hostility. Sure, you suggest that taking the hard approach, scolding them into being better is most productive...but have you considered the real efficacy of your method?

I don't think it's the most efficient method to cause change, propaganda will always be more effective than reason, however if you sacrifice intellectual integrity you're effectively proceeding blindly. As I said, I think things slowly move in the direction of reason and truth as long as there are people willing to stand up for their opinions.This is an empty word game, everything is selfish through that lens. I'm saying I want a better world for everyone, and this is how I view it, this is what I think is necessary. If that's your perception of selfish then by all means, I'm the highest degree of selfish.

If you read my history you'd found this:

&gt; "Sexual 1s focus on perfecting others; they are more reformers than perfectionists. The only 1 who is explicitly angry, they act out of anger through their intense desire to improve others and get what they want. They feel entitled in the way a reformer or zealot feels entitled: they believe that they have a right to change society and get what they want because they have a higher understanding of the truth and the reasons behind “the right way to be.” The countertype of the 1s, they are more impulsive and outwardly angry; they go against the “counter-instinctive” tendency of the 1 to repress anger and impulses."

That's the kind of INFJ I am if you want to box me into a type, an INFJ 1w9 sx.



I wasn't offended, I just found it an empty argument.

&gt; Have you always been this way?

Yeah, as a kid the "entitlement" was a lot stronger than it is nowadays, and it extended much broader. Now I'm self righteously entitled to my opinion and to some extent the enacting of it, as a kid I couldn't handle losing at all, deep down I felt entitled to be the best at everything.

&gt; As a "reformer" type, is your desire to reform others greater than your desire to reform yourself?

Yes and no, I'm just another human, I still compulsively avoid looking at my ugliest flaws most of the time, it's easier to focus on others than on yourself. I don't hold anyone to the same standard as I hold myself, I think it's utterly childish to not put the highest amount of demand and accountability on yourself. That being said though, it's still easier to focus on others, so in that sense I most certainly spend more time focusing on flaws in others than in myself.

&gt; What do you think are your flaws?

I mentioned some of them above. I'm petty, arrogant, self righteous, entitled, have a bad temperament, give in to fear much too often etc. etc. most of the general flaws you find in humans.Only the sp 1s are conflict averse.Aside from sp I'd say 1s aren't conflict averse at all, on the contrary I'd say they're one of the enneagrams most prone to creating conflict:

&gt; 1s generally: SX are the reformers, minding others' business, perfecting others. SO are perfect already. SP worries too much. Problem of morality vs. moralism

&gt; SX-1 - An animal in heat. Anger infuses desire. "I have to have it and I have a right to it." Example: diamond mines in Africa - feeling that "I did the work to get the diamonds and what would the Africans use them for anyhow? They don't know what to do with diamonds, they don't appreciate them." The conquistador. I have a right to what is wanted. No shame in wanting what's not appropriate - asks "Why Not???" in response to questions of appropriateness. Rhinoceros of a person.

&gt; SO-1 - Unadaptable. Rigid, school teacher mentality. "I'm going to tell you how it is." Aristocratic. My way is right; others must adapt to me. Tendency to adhere to a particular way of doing things, like a scholar who is such in every sense of the word, but hangs on to a bad accent and grammar from his or her home country and refuses to adapt to new environment. The model. The one that already knows and doesn't need to learn from others. NN for superiority. Make others wrong to have power over them.

&gt;SP-1 - Passion for worrying. Not just behavioral - there's a need to worry. Need to know how it's going to happen. Fusses over details. Must have everything taken care of.
Mhm I dno, I actually think 1s get into conflicts far more than 8s, the difference is that 8s want to push straight through the conflict, they want to overpower the opposition, while the 1 just wants to sway with reason. So I'd say it's the approach to conflict that makes 1s seem more conflict averse, but I'm pretty confident 1s get into conflicts more than 8s, if you exclude the sp 1s that is.How would you describe your inner world?

What excites you?You're an Si dom, fairly confident that you're an ISFJ.&gt; Refuse to budge. If something happens that actually proves them wrong, it effectively means all their observation, and a strong part of their being, was for naught. It can be a weird, upsetting, aimless time for them.

Nah that's not how Ni-dom works, it's unattached, an event is an event, a pattern is a pattern, there's no attachment to any of it, events simply are to an Ni dom. The value gets assigned to the implication, not the observation itself, the perceived outcome of the pattern/event has a value and thus an attachment, the pattern/event in and of itself is just a pattern and an event, no value, no attachment. Contradicting information is not something Ni-doms have a problem digesting, there is little to no friction.

&gt; &gt; And NFJs, who are very good at reading people to a substantial degree from the smallest of signs.

Right, that's what the INFJ--who is prone to privacy and lack of sociability--does all day, reads fucking people.That's the better way of disagreeing with anyone, but you simply don't have time to do it most of the time.I want to build a car, that end goal has a value, the perceived way to get there does not.No, we're not.

&gt; it effectively means all their observation, and a strong part of their being, was for naught. It can be a weird, upsetting, aimless time for them.

This is entirely false, there is no "sense of being" attached to the perception of events, events disproving previous perceptions do not create dissociation in an Ni dom. It can be a giant fucking cluster fuck in the head if you can't make sense of it, but there is no denial of the event or feelings of dissociation from the self, it's just a total mindfuck trying to make sense of it.Si is not a judging function, it's a perception function, you're leading with a perception function according to me.

I think you have some misconception about what being a J actually means.People who compete in memory utilize a technique of creating bizarre stories/associations to better memorize information, they learn to do this more or less compulsively. The more bizarre and distinct the story is the easier it becomes to memorize the otherwise dull data. This is to some extent what Si doms do naturally, they focus on the impact something has on them and often in a very romanticized manner, they create distinct associations. Memory has nothing to do with Si or any other function, it's something outside of cognitive functions, the "triggering of past events/memories" is an interaction between memory and the natural focus of Si.

Things don't really trigger past events for me, it's very rare that I get any form of flashbacks, yet I still have a functioning memory.Not exactly, the comparison of past events is more so a side effect. If you naturally recollect past events in detail, would you not start relying on past experiences for guidance?I don't have anything to measure with, someone find me a 1:1 picture I can measure against :(((It's not a compulsive need to compare with past experiences nor does Si+Te work the same way as Si+Ti. Si users are also not the only ones to compare with past experiences, everyone does it. So no, it doesn't make sense to call it a direct Si action.Yep, that one worked just fine :pI'm not entirely sure to be honest, there are too few ISFJs and ISTJs around here chiming in on their perspectives. I've only recently started getting a better grasp on Si and ISFJs, I don't really have a solid grasp on ISTJs yet.They do change their typings if you argue a solid case. As an example Magnus Carlsen was released as an INTP there recently, and he's now been retyped as an ISTP, which is correct.Mathematics is entirely a man made system, language is entirely a man made system, yet there is right and wrong. As long as you have a framework to work in something can be correct or incorrect in that system.Language is a translation of reality, mathematics is a translation of reality, MBTI is a translation of reality. None of the systems are accurate yet something can be consistent or inconsistent within these systems.

I'm not saying MBTI = Reality, I think that's ridiculous, it's an attempt at capturing reality and within that framework something can be consistent or inconsistent, thus accurate or inaccurate within the system itself.That is no more true for mathematics than it is for language. We agree on what 1 of something is or what 1 measurement of something is, the same goes for language, what an orange or an apple is entirely relies on whether we can agree on it or not.The consensus can only exist once you've agreed on 1 measurement or 1 unit of something just as the consensus of what an orange is can only exist once we've agreed on what an orange is. Mathematics is a much more developed and accurate framework than "language" is, but saying they're entirely different things is simply false.

You can make predictions on reality based on mathematics once you've agreed on what 1 unit or 1 measurement of something is.

You can make predictions on reality based on language once you've agreed on a set of definitions (logic).

The irony here is that mathematics is entirely built upon a fundamental concept of language; logic.&gt; Language isn't built on logic. If so, the English language would not be as idiosyncratic as it is.

That's a ridiculous assumption.

&gt; Just because two different systems share similar concepts do not mean that they are the same.

Nor was it ever claimed they are the same in any other sense than that they're both entirely human made concepts created in order to translate/conceptualize reality, which they both are. Don't change the premises of the argument and claim I'm straw manning.The descriptions are pretty bad, see if [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dqqGGUEN60) helps put things into context. He'll be making a revisit of it sometime soon so it's worth keeping an eye out for that too.&gt; You are indeed strawmanning: "but saying they're entirely different things is simply false."

&gt; I did not, at any point, make that claim.

Clearly it refers to entirely different things in the context that I'm claiming they are the exact same thing, which you're disputing. Sure, disputing it doesn't mean they're not entirely different, it just means they're different, so fine, it's a straw man, makes no difference to me whether you claim they're entirely different or just different, I equally dispute both in this context.

&gt; The key difference is that one has comparisons based in the physical reality and the other has comparisons based with the mental reality. Perception is skewed. The physical reality isn't. 20 degrees Celsius can be considered cold or hot relative to a person.

No, that's where you're entirely fucking wrong, I don't know how many times I need to reiterate this. 1+1=2 is an agreement, what one unit of something is is an agreement, grammar is an agreement, definitions are an agreement. Both language and mathematics is a translation of reality into a man made system. Both language and mathematics can be used to predict the outcome of a situation, as in, they're both tied to the physical reality, if language wasn't tied to physical reality it would not be a communication tool.

&gt; An insult can be considered to be amusing or hurtful depending on the cognitive framework of a person.

Unless words had specific definitions we wouldn't be able to communicate.

Oerffjantu ahlando dis remeoolinta, gunlizter gaharab.

That's what language is without being tied to reality, you can ascribe whatever the fuck you want to that gibberish but you cannot communicate with it until you have reached an agreement on definitions and structure. The same is done in mathematics, you agree what one unit of something is, you agree what one measurement of something is, you agree on the methodology and definitions. Mathematics can only describe reality to a certain extent, language can only describe reality to a certain extent, both systems can only make accurate predictions on reality to a certain extent, neither of them are "reality", they are simply man made translations of reality. Mathematics because it's a much simpler system has more solid definitions and describes reality more accurately, it's been fine tuned over the years to better describe reality. Languages are also fine tuned to better describe reality, it's simply a far more extensive and complex system than mathematics which is why we get a whole bunch of grey zones. There are also grey zones in mathematics.

&gt; Just stating that it is a "ridiculous assumption" doesn't make it one.

What kind of reasoning is this? You made a ridiculous claim without any supportive evidence, it's not up to me to disprove it, it's up to you to prove it. You making a statement doesn't make it true.

&gt; You are allowing your own emotions to run wild.

Solid fucking argument there, totally relevant.&gt; Empiricism is not affected.

You're stuck on the point that empiricism can make accurate predictions whether we agree on the definitions or not, yes it can, but so can language. Language is still useful outside of communication, it can still predict outcomes even if nobody agrees with a single definition I'm using.

&gt; Another strawman.

"The key difference is that one has comparisons based in the physical reality and the other has comparisons based with the mental reality. "

I directly refuted this, language does make comparisons directly based in the physical reality. Not a fucking straw man.

&gt; If not, you would be capable of telling me exactly how many units of rage you feel when you had to concede that you were strawmanning. Or how many units of pleasure difference you feel from one orgasm as compared to another.

We could easily create a rage scale if we wanted to, we just don't have one. "Do you want to break something?", "Do you want to kill someone?", "Do you want to harm yourself?" blah blah, quantifying it isn't a problem if that's what we want to. Utterly irrelevant to the argument.

&gt; The difference between the grey zones are then that the grey zones in empiricism are yet to be quantified, while the grey zones in language cannot be quantified by language.

No, there are grey zones created by definitions in "empirical evaluation methods", such as paradoxes.

&gt; You didn't ask for evidence. You dismissed it outright because all you can think of is showing that your personal conception of physical reality is right.

And you're crying about misrepresentation? Keep manufacturing shit that isn't even relevant to the discussion.

&gt; A possessive is denoted with apostrophe "s". However, "its" is a possessive, but only in this particular case. Completely illogical. Clearly any person educated in English would comprehend that the language system contains idiosyncrasies.

OMG STRAW MAN, STRAW MAN!!!!!!!!!

Nobody said languages don't contain idiosyncrasies, you just made the ridiculous claim that if logic was a fundamental part of languages it wouldn't have idiosyncrasies.

&gt; It may not be relevant to the topic, but it is relevant to your poor behaviour in what is supposed to be an intellectual argument.

Yeah I don't give a fuck how you want me to argue. You're the one who keeps derailing the discussion, stay on fucking topic.

&gt; This results in you trying your best to strawman every single thing that you can find that I throw to you or whining like a child. This affects the intellectual rigour of the debate.

Yes, the first one was a straw man, how relevant was it to the discussion though? I argued equally against it regardless of whether it was entirely different or just different. It's definitely uncool to misrepresent your argument like that, and I conceded to it, but it was a fairly irrelevant misrepresentation as I was arguing against it either way. And maybe if you actually cared about straw men and rigorous discussion you wouldn't be derailing conversations, doing ad hominems and straw manning constantly yourself.

&gt; This results in you trying your best to strawman every single thing that you can find that I throw to you or whining like a child.

Entirely an empty and manufactured claim. I have not tried to straw man you at any point, I did so once by mistake. I'm not the one derailing the conversation over and over, I'm just being an ass.
&gt; Well, wouldn't that be wonderful. If only we could create a universal scale within which any form of rage can be concretely communicated. Too bad that any model created is useless in that respect.

There are an unlimited amount of scales we could create for rage, we could measure chemical balances, we could like I said above use language itself to define different levels of rage in an almost endless amount of ways. You saying it's useless is eh... no one fucking cares?

&gt; such a scale is invented, it would be empiricism by definition

Yes, I'm not the one saying language cannot be empirically true, I'm the one saying we can derive at empirical truths using language, as in utilizing language to predict an outcome. We're discussing language and mathematics here, not empiricism.

&gt; Paradoxes are limited by physical reality and are the possible limitations of empirical models which do not adequately utilise sufficient assumptions. Hence, better models can be discovered. Nothing to do with grey areas of language.

No you very often run into paradoxes because the definitions in and of themselves are insufficient and need to be reworked, again this has been done many times in mathematics which is what we were discussing, not empiricism.

&gt; Accept that it isn't the fundamental concept of language. The fundamental concept of language is merely to transmit a rough expression of experience.

False, "language" or speak is an innate internal system and communication is a very tiny portion of it.

&gt; If language is fundamentally based on logic, there are no reasons for illogical language systems to exist, which can allow one to conclude that no language systems exist by your definition

It is fundamentally based on logic, it's filled with logical concepts such as "then", "for", "is", "before", "after" etc. etc. and grammar utilizes a logical structure. Logic is derived from language and the same is true for mathematics, they're essentially nothing but simplifications of language. 

&gt; Since they are inherently logical and yet are also allowed to have illogical idiosyncrasies, you have settled upon a contradiction.

So mathematics isn't logical, nor is logic itself, because there are idiosyncratic paradoxes, right.

&gt; You had not, in the process of this debate, provided any form of knowledge in terms of psychology or psychiatry.

We aren't discussing psychological or psychiatric concepts you numbnut.

&gt; Unfortunately, that isn't an ad hominem. I did not claim your arguments are unsound based on your behaviour. I have not strawmanned nor was it constant, unless you consider zero to be "constantly". And you prove to be whining again.

Now that's just straight up delusional, you did straw man and you did aim a whole bunch of comments at my character rather than my arguments, which is an ad hominem. I personally couldn't care less that you did, but seeing as you claim to do, have some fucking consistency.

Aaaand I still don't give a shit about your debate ethics or what you think about me. You brought this upon yourself, you wanted to turn it into a pissing contest and you got one.&gt; The thing is, Mathematics and empiricism falls within the same category of being beyond the problem of mind body duality. The same cannot be said for language.

If you think empiricism, which directly relies on sensing experience, falls outside of standard philosophical mind body issues then you're utterly ignorant. Mathematics also has very little to do with empiricism besides being utilized in empirical fields.

&gt; That has nothing to do with the subject.

Yes, it does. A system can be objective in the sense of having a specific correct way of moving in the system and it can be objective in the sense of accurately predicting outcomes. Both mathematics and language fall into these categories.

&gt; A logical structure with illogical idiosyncrasies. Another contradiction. And singular words are not "logical concepts". Concepts are ideas.

Again, you're the only one who thinks a logical system cannot have illogical idiosyncrasies, it's an utterly retarded argument. Those words are ideas, they are logical concepts, which is true for every verb. "Singular words are not logical concepts", yes, they are.

&gt; Except you have given no proof of that.

"In linguistics, formal semantics seeks to understand linguistic meaning by constructing precise mathematical models of the principles that speakers use to define relations between expressions in a natural language and the world which supports meaningful discourse.[1]

The mathematical tools used are the confluence of formal logic and formal language theory, especially typed lambda calculi.

Linguists rarely employed formal semantics until Richard Montague showed how **English (or any natural language) could be treated like a formal language**.[2] His contribution to linguistic semantics, which is now known as Montague grammar, was the basis for further developments, like the categorial grammar of Bar-Hillel and colleagues, and the more recent type-logical semantics (or grammar) based on Lambek calculus.[3]"

&gt; If you had read what I wrote, it is the fault of models developed in Mathematics with insufficient assumptions put in place. With proper assumptions in place, there would not be paradoxes.

Except that's complete and utter horse shit, things such as imaginary numbers, irrational numbers etc. etc. weren't issues of assumptions.

&gt; Except that we are. Language is studied in psychology and psychiatry

Language is the field of linguistics and cognitive linguistics. We're also discussing mathematics and the philosophy of mathematics. You continuously prove how ridiculously ignorant you are.

&gt; Moreover, calling me "numbnut" isn't ad hominem because you didn't claim that my argument is unsound based on my character. Similarly, my comments on your behaviour is NOT ad hominem. Check the definition, because you need a course in philosophy and quick.

"(of an argument or reaction) directed against a person rather than the position they are maintaining."

They're ad hominems, at least learn how to use google.

&gt; And where's your proof of that?

I already pointed it out, I'm not going to repeat it just cause you scream no like a fucking baby.

&gt; You turned it into a pissing contest because you lost your cool first

No, you turned it into a pissing contest by bitching about a straw man without even bothering to clarify your position. The only reason anyone ever does that in a discussion is because they're only interested in winning it and don't care about the discussion in and of itself. You turned it into a pissing contest the moment you went down that road.

&gt; You have yet to comment on the rest of my arguments. If you let them stand, I am assuming that you concede on those.

This coming from you is fucking laughable. &gt; Another exciting things are those related to my main hobby, anime. I'm a pseudo-critic, aka, critic wanna be.

What makes anime good from your perspective? How does the anime you consider "objectively" good differentiate from the anime you just enjoy yourself but wouldn't really call "objectively" good.

&gt; Rarely, I would even comment something provoking just to start some debate or something, which usually fails.

Why isn't this something you do often?

&gt; I am also interested in human behaviours in a macro perspective (just sociology as a whole) and micro perspective (just psychology as a whole), philosophy, and arguments.

What are some of your key observations/thoughts when it comes to human behavior from both a sociological and psychological perspective? What would you say the biggest difference between human behavior from a societal and individual perspective is?

&gt; I can't describe. In fact, I don't even know if I have something like that.

How often do you experience images and have imaginary scenarios play out in your head?Alright, ISTJ.&gt; I also hold opinions of people that are unsavory to me inside because expressing them would create conflict

Why do you avoid conflict, and more importantly, when do you not avoid conflict?

&gt; I like to imagine the world as I want it to be and then work on making that vision a reality.

What would you like the world to be like, and to what extent do you consider that vision possible? What's the difference between your perfect world and the best plausible world?

Finally, what is morality to you? Do you have a strong sense of morality and what is your overview of the topic?You did a lot of "exploring" of the topic rather than trying to find the best summary of your overview of it. That's a pretty clear indication of being on the Si/Ne axis rather than the Ni/Se.

Secondly you clearly demonstrated that you want to build your understanding based on factual information and that you're uncomfortable hypothesizing much without factual knowledge. If you were a Ti user you'd most likely have built some form of internal system of these topics based on your observations, and although you might still have been reluctant to share without more certainty of your position you would at the very least have went into why you couldn't really do it.

That puts you as a Te/Fi user with high Te and low Ne (I skipped a bunch of steps here but whatever). Finally you write like a Pi dom, this one is extremely impressionistic but there's a very different vibe to the way Pi doms and Je doms write, so that put you as an ISTJ rather than ISTJ. Your very heavy focus on "the human experience" and what not initially made he think that you're an ISFJ, but your communication style is much more indicative of Te/Fi. My secondary typing of you would be ISFJ however.Makes no difference to me whether their flair is on or not, if anything it helps me because it tells me what potential biases they'll have in their answers. If they think they're X type they'll very likely give answers from an X type angle.&gt; I'm constantly thinking about all the different ways things could play out, and can usually figure out almost exactly how someone will react in real life by using this process.

When you analyze a past event, how much do you focus on what actually happened and how much do you focus on hypothetical scenarios that could have happened?

&gt; "Really good conversation" for me is usually about big picture stuff or about very personal stuff.

What is big picture and small picture stuff to you?

&gt; I'm super interested in psychology and what makes people tick and why they do the stupid things they do.

So what does make people tick? What do you consider the core principles of human behavior?

&gt; When people actually listen to my advice and do it. That's exciting. I like to see people succeed

How important is it that they succeed because of your advice? Are you happy just seeing people succeed in general or is it a much more enjoyable experience when they succeed because of your advice? Regardless of your answer, why do you think it's that way?&gt; I'm a good judge of character.

What makes you so sure about that?

&gt; Overall I'm creative and imaginative.

In what way would you consider yourself creative? Are you good at coming up with new angles or are you creative in the sense of seemingly seeing the world very differently from other people?

&gt; I put a lot of effort into being diplomatic.

How so? Do you consider diplomacy a necessity if you care about other people?

&gt; A lot of things excite me. Specifically, traveling is the most exciting thing to me. Brain storming is also high on the list. Baking, writing, reading and bike riding are also things that excite me.

What is it about traveling that you enjoy so much?

How would you describe your brainstorming? I'm potentially going to argue against you here to try to gauge your perspective, none of this is intended as hostile but merely for typing purposes.

&gt; I think it is plausible for these things to pass. Even though one has to imagine a restructuring of the economy in order to accommodate those who aren't well off so they have things like healthy food, transportation, entertainment options and heath care.

Let's assume that:

a) Technological and scientific advancement is what has significantly improved the general quality of life over the last couple of hundreds of years.

b) Technological and scientific advancement requires an abundance of resources, both material and time.

c) There currently aren't enough resources, if everything was distributed equally there would be no abundance of material or time.

d) Because of this, if resources were distributed equally the advancement of science and technology would come to a halt and we'd instead start regressing.

Which of these assumptions do you disagree with? For the sake of argument, if you granted them, do you still think we should redistribute resources equally and sacrifice future generations for the equality of our current generation?

&gt; I try to see grey but too often I see people as good or bad.

Do you mind elaborating on this? What is it that makes a person bad, and to what extent is it the responsibility of the person and not the environment they were raised in? To what extent does it matter to you whether they are responsible or not, or does it have very little relevance to the fact that they're currently a negative force in the world?Most certainly plenty of people are mistyped according to my assessment. There are many different angles you can view typology from, many different things you can put your primary focus on. I'm not claiming they're definitively mistyped, but according to my understanding, which to me naturally is the best understanding I've come across (duh), they're mistyped.

Preferably I'd combine my assessment with assessments of other knowledgeable people later on to get statistics from multiple perspectives, but for now on I'll just take the initiative and do my part of it.Not going to happen ;)If you could have sex or superman, would you take it in the ass?No is not a valid answer to sex or superman.Alright, I'm pretty sure about your type but there are still two options I want to rule out so let's keep going:

&gt; I didn't mean distributed equally. Just that those at the bottom don't have to suffer. Basic income is a good way to go about this. Pure equal distribution is unrealistic.

But if we assumed there isn't enough to distribute it in this way (globally), would you be okay with there being a few societies that met these criteria? As an example you'd have this be true for the most well developed countries, and the goal would be to maintain that level (where everyone would have good opportunity and a relatively high living standard) and slowly spread it across the globe while making sure none of these societies regressed? Or would you rather see regression of these societies in order to help the less fortunate societies?

Also, you didn't answer the "if you granted all of these assumptions" question previously, it would be very helpful if you did.

&gt; not because I care less but because I worry less about offending them or hurting their feelings.

What are the reasons for you avoiding to offend someone? When does it not bother you if you offend someone?

&gt; I can go into specific examples if you would like.

Please do.

Finally, how do you prefer learning things?&gt; P1. Systems which contain illogical content is not logical.

&gt; P2. System X contains illogical content (which you conceded).

&gt; C. System X is illogical.

&gt; If A has B, then A is C.

&gt; A has B.

&gt; Therefore A is C.

&gt; Simple enough?

It's mind boggling how hard it is for you to understand this. Saying language is built on logic does not equate to every component being logical, wood is a fundamental part of houses, yet not all of the house is built with wood. Furthermore mathematics does not live up to your criteria here, making it an illogical system as well.

&gt; When you have to rely on internet dictionaries for your education in philosophy...

I don't have to rely on it, I'm ridiculing you for not only being wrong but being wrong to the extent that a google search that took 1 second would have proven you wrong.

&gt; They are only fallacies when they are used to dismiss an argument.

You're retarded. Attacking someone's character affects the perception of the argument regardless of whether it was made as a rebuttal of the argument or not. Any ranting of the person's character rather than addressing the argument itself is an ad hominem. Again, it is such an easy thing to look this up, yet you fail to do so.

&gt; How are those illogical?

They're not a part of the original system, they had to be introduced because the system was irrational until they were introduced. That is to say, the system was illogical before they were introduced, and this is still true for many other aspects of mathematics.

&gt; And what proof do you have of that?

To walk:

to advance or travel on foot at a moderate speed or pace; proceed by steps; move by advancing the feet alternately so that there is always one foot on the ground in bipedal locomotion and two or more feet on the ground in quadrupedal locomotion.

Is that not enough? Definition in and of itself is a logical concept.

&gt; It doesn't change the illogical nature of language

Already went over this, a system being based on logic does not necessitate that all of the system is logical, and again, mathematics does not live up to your criteria.

&gt; I never claimed so.

"Mathematics and empiricism falls within the same category of being beyond the problem of mind body duality"

You cannot have a system rely on sensory experience and be outside of the mind body duality. Your sensory experience is provably so registered physically.

&gt; Those interested in intellectual rigour, those who want to push their students (if you receive education in philosophy, a good educator would probably be calling you out...

We're not in a philosophy class, you will essentially never find philosophers discussing topics with one another call out logical fallacies, most certainly not call out a straw man without clarifying what their actual position is. You've made it obvious time and time again throughout this conversation why you did it.

&gt; And who studies cognition again?

"The processes are analyzed from different perspectives within different contexts, notably in the fields of linguistics, anesthesia, neuroscience, psychiatry, psychology, education, philosophy, anthropology, biology, systemics, logic, and computer science."

You absolute moron.







Alright, INFJ.Do you feel the need to have a "purpose" when you do something? Is mindlessly hanging around with seemingly no purpose or end goal something you have some issues fully enjoying?Would you say that you're an entertainer? Do you enjoy getting people's moods up by goofing around?ESTP.Do you quite naturally take charge of a situation if nobody else is doing it to make sure the group comes together and everyone can get their opinion heard?Very little exploring, you only really seemed interested in trying to capture your overview of the situation. Not much focus on specifics, a very thematic focus, Ni/Se.

You naturally systematized the information without feeling any need for specifics, you didn't get hung up on the fact that I skipped a few necessary assumptions to reach the "conclusion" I did. Furthermore your focus is very universal(global) and future oriented. Ni, Fe and Ti.

You show a lot of signs of introversion, your writing is very Ti and not Fe, meaning Fe is definitely not your dominant function. Your perspective is Ni focused, meaning you're Ni&gt;Se. That leaves INFJ.

That's a very rough overview of my thought process here.

*Edit*

BTW, if you're uncertain of your enneagram, try reading up on the different sexual variants. Your answers here are extremely stereotypical of the sexual variant.
You were actually very hard to place at first, your answers worked well from all sorts of angles.

First of all you do a lot of self promoting, this is not exclusive to Fe users but it's generally a pretty good indication of it, also more common in extroverts than introverts.

The "obsessive focus" on the one idea is stereotypical of the Se/Ni axis, Si/Ne prefers trying to view things from as many angles as possible, not attaching itself entirely to that one possibility. Se/Ni on the other hand goes right down the rabbit hole.

You seem very here and now focused, your moral focus seemed practical and not world view based. You don't display any need to "connect everything together", you're fine focusing on the here and now. Se&gt;Ni.

You enjoy hands on learning, bouncing ideas and playing around with things, this is very stereotypical of the Beta quadra (ESTP, ISTP, ENFJ, INFJ)

You really enjoy sensory experiences, most of which are active. The focus was on baking rather than trying out new food as an example. You don't generally have problems relaxing, you don't have that chip on your shoulder telling you that something is pointless if it doesn't lead anywhere (which is stereotypical of the ENxJs). Also your writing is very neutral and to the point, actually it's so much to the point that I had to seriously consider ESFP.

The things that you are sensitive about is also very stereotypical of ESTPs.

Those are some of the things that made me go for ESTP.

Would you consider yourself kind of a dreamer? Are you ambitiously driven?Where in Europe did you go and what interesting things did you learn? What other things did you enjoy about your trip?&gt; I usually don't like "what if" talks because I like to talk about what already exists and what can be improved and what I can do personally to improve if possible.

How then do you plan for the future? Isn't planning for the future all about what ifs?&gt; This is not my normal writing style - I figured that my stream of consciousness would probably be more useful for typing purposes than my normally heavily edited voice.

Alright, respond to the rest of the questions I'm about to ask you in your normal style then. How you edit shows a lot about your cognition as well, what you're really trying to communicate.

&gt; I'm constantly mulling something over in my head, and that something is regularly interrupted by random tangents off of what I was previously thinking about, or new trains of thought triggered by something I noticed in my environment or my work.

Do you often end up on entirely new topics? Could you give some examples on the kind of tangents you end up on?

&gt; I think a lot about future events and getting a general idea of what might happen, and I use my inner monologue to "try out" my thoughts a few seconds before I speak, to see how they might sound, and to get an idea of how others might respond.

Is this something you mostly do or only occasionally?

&gt; I tend to get strong feelings about people when I meet them, but in a very blunt and general, "good"/"bad" kind of way.

Could you describe this in a little bit more detail? Do you have any examples where you could perhaps theorize around why exactly they gave you that impression?

&gt; philosophical/deep discussions

What are some of your favourite philosophical topics? Give me a taste of what your thoughts on those topics are.&gt; I'm very careful about any of my memories, and any internal emotions in general. They're almost never positive, although sometimes it feels good to hate.

Would you mind elaborating in more detail?

&gt; to metaphysical philosophical musings as to what it all means

So what does it all mean?

&gt; The possibility of writing/creating/performing/showcasing/doing something that makes a significant symbolic impact on the world at large, that I experience while I'm still alive.

Elaborate on what you mean with a significant symbolic impact.

&gt; Clear visions in my mind's eye empower me, keeping me going.

Does your well being rely on the feeling of moving in a direction? That your world is moving towards something?&gt; because a lot of people's behaviors don't make any goddamned sense.

Elaborate, what about human behavior do you not think makes much sense and what are you theories about those behaviors?

&gt; but I get soo excited about ideas for new projects that I'll have tunnel vision until the project/experiment/whatever is complete.

Do you always, or at least mostly, finish your projects?

&gt; I also like change, like when life changes are happening then I'm excited for the future.

Is direction important in your life? Do you need something that your life is moving towards in order to be happy or are you fine just bouncing on whatever you feel like for the day?

&gt; I get super pumped about getting fed good food or just any food that I've been craving actually.

Fed? Why isn't it super exciting if you made it yourself? :DYeah okay, ISFJ, been trying to entertain ESFJ but see no reason to go ESFJ over ISFJ.Heh, I know you're going to hate this, but I have to say ISFJ.&gt; I strongly disagree but what can ya do

Give some solid arguments as to why you're an INTP and not an ISFJ? ;)&gt; until I realize that my train of thought is cantilevered out far from the original focus, at which point I close the loop back to the original idea and try to connect what I was just thinking about, usually sending me onto another tangent.

Would you say that your thought pattern has a tendency to become circular? As in you end up running more or less the same arguments over and over in an attempt at capturing all the tangents you'd explored?

&gt; I don't hold very strong views on many issues, but I think I could be described overall as a moderate liberal (on the US political scale).

Give me some of your political opinions and the reasoning behind them.&gt; Watching people attacking each other on Internet comments makes me cringe so hard, lots of hypocrites.

Why do you perceive attacking someone over internet comments as disrespectful?

&gt; I only really get treated poorly like that when I'm encroaching on their social domain and threatening their ability to get all the male attention.

Could you give some examples on times you've noticed this pattern of behavior? What did you do and why do you think it was perceived as intruding on their male attention territory?

&gt; I have a fear of backing myself into a corner and being stuck in a life that's stressful.

What specifically about it is it that scares you?

&gt; he's happy subsisting on anything cheap and not too disastrously unhealthy

What do you tend to live on and why?&gt; but yeah it doesn't get too deep or anything coz the inattention thingy will happen, or I'll just drop the subject coz I can't think of any answers

I know you've already tried to describe this inattention thing, but let's try to dive deeper into it, how exactly does it manifest? What is it that grabs your attention and pulls it away? Is it something in the outside world? Is it a body experience? Is it a different thought?

&gt; Accomplishing something I thought I couldn't do (and I thought was worth doing/it meant something to me)

Do you have any examples of this and why did you think it was worth doing/meant something to you?

&gt; Basically doing stuff I'm passionate about excites me.

What are some things you're passionate about and why do you think you're passionate about those things in particular?
&gt; Certainly. For the most part, when I'm considering how I feel about things alone (i.e. not expressing it to people), it's often negative, hateful, bitter, and unbecoming.

Give me examples of things you feel these kind of negative emotions about and your best explanation as to why you do so.

&gt; Significant - basically makes people re-think some worldview at a fundamental level, or provides a new perspective that inspires thousands.

What is it you usually try to make people rethink? What are the important perspectives that you try to help people see?

&gt; Changes annually. This year, it's all Taoism, non-duality, self-acceptance, yin/yang, etc.

Give me the why, not the what. Why do you embrace these philosophies?&gt; Abortion - It's not my body, so it's not my decision.

Should a man be allowed to have legal abortion? As in not having any economical responsibility for the child.

&gt; Drugs - Legalize lower risk drugs like pot so they can be better controlled and monitored. While you can overdose or ruin your life on any drug, you can say exactly the same of alcohol. Drug use should simply be illegal in public.

Why should they be kept out of the public and why should harder drugs be banned?

&gt; Gun Control

What's your opinion on the aspect of guns needing to be legal so the population can overthrow a corrupt government?

&gt; Taxes should be far higher for the rich.

Don't you need a way of stopping businesses from moving to other countries then?So the thing is, your online persona definitely seems very ISFJ to me, and your counter arguments just aren't convincing. However, I'm biased on this from two aspects, first of al I'm an IxFJ which most certainly means I'm more likely to project IxFJ traits onto someone, and secondly my dad is an INTP 9w1 and so many things that you said would just never apply to him.

With those two biases in mind, I'm very open minded to the fact that you very well might be an INTP and that I'm just too biased, especially since someone told me I'd change my mind if I were to interact with you in real time over webcam. But just by your reddit persona alone, ISFJ just makes a lot more sense to me.&gt; He is at least 50% responsible for creating the child

Isn't the woman at least 50% responsible too? She has the option of abortion, why shouldn't a man have any similar options?

&gt; "harder drugs" like heroin will produce a strong and unavoidable physical addiction.

What about drugs such as LSD which aren't addictive but are classified as a harder drug? Illegal or only kept out of the public?

&gt; In the US, I think the military would be able to overpower the public

So you assume that the military would be entirely under the control of the corrupt government? Isn't it usually the military that ends up overthrowing corrupt governments? Isn't it reasonable to assume significant parts of the military would be on the side of the people?

&gt; Maybe taxing just the higher paid employees or owners more heavily while maintaining lower tax rates for the entity of the company would keep businesses from migrating, but again, I haven't considered this point in any real detail.

Why not try to balance it from the other direction instead, lower the taxes but significantly increase minimum wages?The reason why you feel like you're on trial is because you're dodging questions. All you've let me know so far is that you've dug yourself deep into MBTI and from there deep into a bunch of other philosophies cause you think it fits the MBTI stacking. You are never actually talking about yourself, you're talking about yourself from the lens of a system, creating a heavy distortion of everything.

You give me very little to go on other than writing style and a few flashes of your actual reasoning.  

What are your preferred methods of learning?

Would you say that you're more of a preparation person or a dive straight into action kind of person?&gt; I think about what I'm feeling and why.

How do you approach your feelings? Do you look at your behavior and try to puzzle together how you feel and why you feel that way or do you just dive deep into the emotions and embrace them to figure out what you feel?

&gt; On a more practical level, what really gets me excited is thinking about how to operationalize new things - that is, how to turn ideas into a reality.

Do you have any examples of things you have turned into  reality or that you plan to turn into reality?&gt; I study neuroscience which is by nature an interdisciplinary field and because of that I take a lot of classes under different departments and connections between ideas are not spoon-fed to me. I absolutely adore this and drawing connections between ideas is one of my favorite things.

How has your studies in neuroscience impacted your view on the MBTI? In what way have you incorporated your scientific knowledge into your understanding?

&gt; I’m also fiercely competitive and I love being the best. It’s why I’m aiming for grad school and ultimately a career in academia in order to be the very best in my field.

Have you always been competitive about everything or is it only the things you focus at?

&gt; Even though I actually really dislike how structured school is. Don't get me wrong I love structure, but on my own terms.

Give me some examples of structure on your own terms.

&gt; I write mostly science fiction and realistic fiction. I love exploring the minds of characters because in real life I kinda suck at interpersonal relationships. It gives me a window into a different world that I created. To create something from nothing is indescribable.

What do you focus most on in your writing? The characters? World building? The plot? Or perhaps something entirely different?

&gt; I'm really one of the most insecure people I know.

What are the ways you're insecure in?&gt; If I'm not doing anything, it's mostly a rough idea of what I'm planning to do later.

You say a rough idea, go into more detail, what are the things you focus on when planning what you're going to do later on?

&gt; doing exciting things or attending anything remotely "major".

What are some of these exciting things and what to you is a "major" event?I don't care about your respect, if you want to be typed and help with the statistics then answer the questions honestly, if you don't then why did you answer in the first place?&gt; Most of my inner world is devoted to figuring out the nature of what is happening in one of my math classes 

What is it about math specifically that you find exciting? Why not physics/biology/chemistry/computer science instead?

&gt; I like when I tell one of my friends about an idea I've had and they put an entirely new spin on it.

Do you have any examples of this?

&gt; Even the smallest new concept feels like a revelation.

What is it that motivates you to learn about new things? In what way does learning empower you?&gt; But, it made me wonder what the ultra-rich are actually doing (I'll give you my thoughts on that another time).

And the other time has arrived!

&gt; I keep filling it with stuff I may need someday.

Do you have plans for the information or is it more of a "you never know what will happen so this might be useful" kind of mentality?&gt; Full of future goals. What I'm doing, how it ties into future goals, how it fits into my larger interests.

Give me some examples of goals you've in one way or another reached and goals you're striving towards. Why these goals?

&gt; New experiences. Overcoming challenges.

Any new experience and overcoming any challenge? Do you have a preference of any sort? E.g. overcoming a really heavy physical challenge is more rewarding than a mental one or anything along those lines?Just to clarify in case you feel attacked, I'm arguing against you to gauge your perspective, not trying to be hostile here.

&gt; In the case that the mother decided to carry the child to term, but the father would like to "legally abort," the child will still be born, and will need someone to care for him/her.

So in short the decision of a child is 100% in the hands of the woman and the man should legally not have any say what so ever in it? If the man doesn't want a child, it makes no difference, he should have kept it in his pants. If the man does want to keep the child it makes no difference because the woman doesn't want to keep it. This gives the man full responsibility and zero choice other than not having sex.

&gt;  LSD is not a drug that one can become physically dependent on, so despite its potential dangers it should be made legal so that it can be regulated safely for those who partake.

What about cigarettes and alcohol then? They're among the most destructive drugs and they're also addictive, should they be banned?

&gt; If the military were to be allied with the public, why would the public be in need of weapons?

Why do you assume it has to be all or none of the military? Why can't parts of the military join in with the public and parts of it stay with the government?

&gt; I doubt that they would be significantly helped by an armed public, in the same way that I doubt they would be significantly hindered by them if they acted in defense of the government.

What about all the wars that have shown the opposite? Look at the Vietnam war, look at the Winter War between Soviet and Finland, look at the Soviet Afghan war. Surely the weaponry is far more advanced today, but nevertheless under armed guerrilla warfare has always done well, and the public would most certainly be capable of it.&gt; For example, rather than talking about specific political policies, talking about why humans do certain things and what kinds of approaches would work and not work to implement various programs.

Alright so let's dive deeper into this. Give me some of your thoughts on why humans do what they do and how it ties into political topics, how does it affect your opinion on how to implement things?Would you say that you have a dramatic side to yourself? Do you sometimes enjoy being a little bit over the top to see the reaction of people or does that sort of behavior seem inauthentic to you?

I was intending to go entirely chronologically, but this typing essentially started even before the thread so I'll be a hypocrite and skip ahead.

I played around with ENFJ, but not for long, you're definitely a gamma. The only options left then are ENTJ and ESFP, and ENTJ definitely seems more probable out of the two. With ESFP you get more brute force and less maneuvering, and you're most certainly more of the latter than the former.

You initially seemed a lot more of a 3 than an 8 as well, but I have a hard time seeing a 3 embracing a mud fight to the point you do. A 3 doesn't like muddying themselves, you clearly have no issues what so ever with it. The 8 influence is clearly there, the 3 influence is clearly there.

So I'm definitely leaning towards you being correctly typed, both in terms of MBTI and Enneagram, but ESFP is definitely a possibility, so why are you an ENTJ and not an ESFP?Alright, I'm going with with ENTP, but I haven't really seen anything here to rule out ENFP, I'm pretty torn between the two. I don't think I'll be able to go either way definitively without face to face interaction though, so ENTP it is.&gt; I don't have a hard time identifying what I feel or why, but I tend to go deeper and deeper to find the root meaning/cause of my emotions, and it's satisfying when I finally reach taht point.

Why do you think you do this? What's the motivation behind it?

&gt; How feasible is this really? Does it have the potential to last a year?

Do you feel energized to carry out the projects or does the carrying out of the project mostly feel like a drag and you have a tendency to get stuck on the planning stage and not realize most of your ideas?Pretty tough one, I'm really torn between ISFP and ISTP, it all depends on what angle you interpret this from, but I have to go with ISFP.

Which were you torn between?You really display the stereotypical Ne dom behavior of wanting to see things from as many angles as possible. You don't really seem attached to any ideas in particular, you stay very open. You don't display that "anal need" of Ti doms to find the most accurate phrasing, you don't have to respond on tangents or redefine things in order to get your point across as accurately as possible. I do see some things that are indicative of Ti, but not enough to eliminate ENFP. 

Sorry that I can't dive deeper into it atm, too many typings, clarity of thought I have not.&gt; For example, there was a friend who pushed me into the school pond once, when I was 6/7. I received no compensation or apology, so I got 17 of my boys to beat him up while I watched for five days in a row, when no authority was present.

This in my experience seems to be a very big difference between 1s and 8s. To me this is weakness, it's nothing but petty emotional weakness. To the 8 however it's strength, doing whatever it takes, no brakes.

&gt; although I am not particularly sure where you got the initial type 3 impression from. 

Like I said, it's clear from my perspective you were never particularly interested in the conversation itself. At first it seemed like nothing but an image play, but it turned out to be much more of a power struggle. The intellectual nature of the conversation died a very long time ago, I lost interest the moment I realized you weren't in it for the topic itself. And the self righteous little shit I am I have the need to expose the pettiness in those situations, naturally exposing my own pettiness at the same time, but I've never hidden from my own pettiness in the first place anyhow.

It makes no difference to me whether you or anyone else views the situation differently, it's irrelevant to my life. What you view as strength I view as pettiness, what I view as strength you view as weakness, neither of our opinions will ever have a significant impact on the other because our values are fundamentally different.

&gt; Moreover, I find that Fi users (as 1st or 2nd), tend to be more compromising.

I don't actually agree with that, I find ENTJs are far better at compromise than ESFPs, the ESFPs are in a way more entitled than the ENTJs. The most selfish people I know from my perspective are actually ESFPs.

If you compare yourself to [Dan Pena](https://youtu.be/w_1kQ_MUeuA?t=451), what would you say the most significant differences are? He's an ESFP 8 sx.Would you say that you're generally more of a down to earth person or a dreamer? Do you shoot for the stars or for something tangible?

What are some of  the flaws you have that you've found get in the way of what you want to achieve and that you're thus working on improving?What are some of the flaws you've found in yourself that is preventing you from reaching your goals? When did you first realize these flaws and what steps have you taken to overcome them?What are your long term goals?

Are you ambitious?

&gt; I was telling a friend the other day about how hell is probably pretty great because the devil has no motivation to punish you. The devil understands the power of solidarity and how much a system of eternal punishment and torture plays into the hands of his enemy.

But doesn't the Devil hate mankind? Isn't that why he was cast out of heaven, because he was jealous? Isn't the whole point of making humans turn from God to punish God and mankind all in one go? To corrupt and torture God's beloved creation? Using man as a proxy to hurt God?

What are some other interests you have besides maths? Is this assuming that the ultra rich are working together or that all, or some, of them are doing this separately? Why would the ultra rich be working together, shouldn't they be competing with one another, at least the ones in the same business?

&gt; Yes. Someday I'd like to write a book, and all of this information I've collected will be very helpful in telling a complete story.

Where do you think your focus is going to be? Will you spend the most time trying to build complex characters, a dramatic plot or a complex and coherent world?

&gt; Finding desired career path

What was your desired career path and how did you go about starting your career? Give me a run down of what your plan looked like once you'd figured out what you wanted to do.

&gt; Owning own business

&gt; Serving in a military or rescue service capacity

What are your motivations behind these two and in what way do they connect to the bigger picture of where you're trying to take your life?
&gt; I remember me being a kid who often physically tired himself out, gets in trouble, is determined to get what he wants.

Has this changed or have you further embraced it? Is this something you're trying to get back to?

&gt; Thinking about my inner world also reminds me of the overwhelmingness of the world, which leads me to strive for mindfulness, a peace of mind.

Run me through some of your reasoning here, why mindfulness and peace of mind instead of some more aggressive approaches?

&gt; Winning something. Games that involve thinking--I'm at my loudest then.

What are some of the games you enjoy, have you chased glory in any of them or has something been holding you back from pursuing it?
&gt; Subjects like psychology, history, and languages excite me.

Elaborate on some of the topics/questions/concepts within these fields that you find extra exciting.

&gt;  I also like to think about strange hypotheticals (what if our existence is a computer simulation?)

What are your thoughts on that topic? How have the conclusions you've drawn from that question impacted your thinking in other areas?&gt; I am always thinking about someone or something, its rare that my brain turns off.

In what way are you thinking about other people? Are you trying to puzzle them together? Imagining scenarios with them?

&gt; This is extra apparent when someone I love is in distress, I try to think of all the lengths I would go to fix it.

Does this translate into you preparing a lot before doing something, to make sure that nothing bad happens?

&gt; Where my career will take me.

What is your career and what are your hopes for where it'll take you?&gt; I've actually been thinking about this lately: literally everything excites me.

What is it that brings you down then? When are you not excited? If everything excites you that would imply you're always excited, and that can't be true.

Also, what are some of the things you tend to fall back on doing when there isn't much else to do, why do you think you fall on those things in particular?&gt; I have trouble making decisions because I can see the positive in each possibility.

What are some of the other flaws you've found in yourself that prevent you from reaching the goals you've set up for yourself? What steps have you taken in order to overcome those flaws?

&gt; Energized by being around people in good spirits.

When do you feel the need to withdraw and be alone? How often does this happen? What do you think the underlying motivations are?&gt; No worries if you don't make it to my post, I kinda ended up writing more than I thought I would!

I'm going for 100, unfortunately you're nowhere near the 100th :(

&gt; The performing arts: movies, tv, theater (especially musical theater), music, slam poetry, dance, etc. Both watching and performing.

What makes a good movie/series to you?

&gt; it's more about noticing patterns and similarities, collecting information, and then comparing and relating it to my experiences.

What are some of the more interesting patterns you've noticed?

&gt; whether it's about the Syrian refugee crisis or about Star Wars

Tell me about your thoughts on the Syrian refugee crisis and everything surrounding it.&gt; Yes. They are each building their own compound for themselves first and then for whomever they deem worthy. They are very secretive and competitive, so they would never work with a potential rival (which includes anyone who isn't them).

But isn't it also true that the top benefit from working together, especially if they're not competing in the same business? Doesn't it make sense for Facebook and Google to collaborate when their products aren't competing? Aren't the rich going to socialize with other rich people simply because that's where the business is at? Isn't it somewhat likely they'll then become an "in group" so they help cover each other's asses?

&gt; All of these. Otherwise, what's the point?

Haha, I think the point is that you have a limited amount of time and energy to put into a project. What are the most important things for you when reading a book?&gt; Becoming more lovable than god and making all of god's creations choose the devil over him sounds like a smarter attack than a system that makes people choose god.

Right but that's the whole point of temptation right? There's presumably no connection between Hell and Earth, so nobody is going to know what they're getting themselves into until they've reached their destination. That means he can sell heaven as the new and improved heaven but still release his hatred on his subjects.

&gt; In my alone time I read. It's mostly fiction and I'm very casual about it.

What makes a book good to you? What are some of the things you look for in a book? What's the difference between a book you consider objectively good and one you consider good because of your specific tastes?Alright, ENFP.

What have you been identifying as?If you shift perspective, instead of looking for characteristics (such as lazy), focus on motivations. What are the fears you think might be holding you back?

&gt; I enjoy I get very obsessive/motivated.

What are some of the things you've been obsessive/motivated about lately?What do you perceive as some of your major flaws currently holding you back?Would you say you're more of a careful planner who thoroughly considers the consequences, or do you get a broad overview and start working?

That is, do you troubleshoot for most of the things that could go wrong in advance or do you just draft a rough overview of the most important things and fix any problems if they arise?Yeah I think you're correctly typed, INFJ.Oh this is an extremely biased typing, you're to a large extent walking in my foot steps. Also your general writing style.What's your relation to authority?

Have you ever asserted yourself physically? Tell me about why you have/haven't.Alright, ISTJ.

&gt; I think what you're doing is really cool. Thanks for taking the time off to reply to everyone. Must get tiring sometimes.

Haha thanks, it's more frustrating than tiring to be honest. It's really hard to stay neutral and view things objectively with so many typings and while keeping statistics. There's this nagging feeling when there are a bunch of types still missing, makes you want to interpret things from that angle. Hard to keep oneself in check and remain as objective as possible.Nah your writing is full of Te and Ne, not to mention the general approach you display.

From an Enneagram perspective you showed a lot of 7 and 1, these types have integration/disintegration points to one another though so you'll see some 1 in a 7 and vice versa. Basically you'd either be an ESTJ 1 or an ENFP 7, whereas ENFP 7 made a lot more sense with what you said.

As for ENFP, try looking into [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7EHubtwH44).

As for Enneagram 7, try reading [this](http://personalitycafe.com/type-7-forum-enthusiast/579906-seven-subtypes-acccording-beatrice-chestnut.html).

I'm very confident you're not an INFJ, ISFJ or ISFP. The only other types besides ENFP I would ever consider if I were you are: ESTJ, ISTJ, INFP, ENTJ, and ESFP.

I'd be very curious to hear what you say after checking out those two links.Alright, ENTJ.

You're definitely correct about your enneagram btw, crystal clear 8.Okay, I'm leaning ISFJ, the other considerations are INTP and ISTJ. What do you have to say about each of these alternatives?&gt; ENFPs seem to characteristically have racing, unfiltered, unfocused thoughts because they are so excited about so many things, but I am calm, concise, and to-the-point, and I feel like I'm not an ideas-generator if asked to generate ideas, if that makes sense.

These are all overblown stereotypes, the ENFP is just another normal person who has a tendency to look at things from multiple angles, wanting to see the many options, considering the facts. They aren't on drugs.

&gt; but I am calm, concise, and to-the-point, and I feel like I'm not an ideas-generator if asked to generate ideas, if that makes sense. 

Your conciseness is a strong indicator of Te as either dominant or tertiary. ENFPs are gathered, to the point and precise people. Again these stereotypes of them as idea generators on drugs are completely overblown, there are people of every type that have racing thoughts and shoot ideas out of their asses.

&gt; I also value commitment and general stability, which the ENFP struggled with.

Those are values, they have little to do with your cognition, it's much more a question of Enneagram than MBTI.

&gt; I don't identify at all with the description of 7 that you sent.

There were 3 of them in that link, all pretty different ;P

You haven't really shown any 2 characteristics here, but it's possible I suppose. It's also a fairly common enneagram for ENFPs.

Why do you not think there's any way that you're an E anyhow? Everything you've written shows the contrary.ISxJs aren't necessarily ordered, especially not when young.

I have to go with ISFJ anyhow, the conversation we had about Hell really reminded me of conversations I used to have with two ISTJ friends. You also gave a lot more indicators of Si than Ti, but there is still enough Ti there that I'm going with ISFJ over ISTJ.Yeah ESTJ is definitely possible. Most of the ESTJs I know are very driven and ambitious though, I know a few who are extremely chill as well. You just gave off the impression that you're very content just being and need a push in order to do much besides the usual. This fits ISTJ a lot better, ESTJs tend to be more proactive with organizing activities, unless they're too busy to.The second picture you posted then was really stereotypical ESTJ imo.Alright, yeah ESTJ makes sense. I find it's pretty rare that people who identify as extroverts actually are introverts, the other way around is far more common.I've seen a lot of people type him as ESTJ/ENTJ and also quite a few as a 3, I don't see that. I see him as a very clear ESTP 8 sx. You can see it in his unfiltered speaking pattern, it's circular, very stereotypical of the Beta quadra (ESTP,ISTP,ENFJ,INFJ). Unlike Dan Pena or anyone else with Fi he also doesn't really have much of a particular image, he enjoys being all over the place and keeping people guessing, he doesn't just do it strategically, he also does it for his own amusement. Furthermore the way he messes with people is just so fucking ESTP, the golf course, the cufflinks, the rick rolling etc. etc. it all has that innocent childish ESTP flair to it, as does his shit grin when he's doing it. He likes chaos, he spreads chaos, he excels in chaos, all of these things fit ESTP a lot better than it does ENTJ.

I think you underestimate the powerful persuasion Dan Pena has, it isn't his money or power that speaks to people, it's his brutish passion, his relentlessness and his extreme none apologetic attitude. He isn't as successful of a business coach as he is just because he's good at business, he's so successful at it also because he has the power of persuasion. It's not that he wants to shut people up, he just doesn't tolerate excuses, get out there and get it done, if you're failing then you're doing something wrong, try harder.&gt; but because I feel bad putting my needs first (which seems to be a keystone of 2s).

That sounds like 7 SO, not 2. 2s want to be liked, their motivation for being selfless is selfish.

Try looking at [these really short descriptions](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/232-Naranjo-s-Subtypes) it's easier to get a good overview.

&gt; People drain me. A party is super fun for about an hour, and then I want to go home, change into comfy clothes, drink some tea, and relish the peace/quiet.

Being an introvert/extrovert in MBTI doesn't have anything to do with being a social introvert, there are antisocial extroverts and there are socially needy introverts. You can be very anxious and uncomfortable socially, and thus be extremely drained by it, but still be an extrovert, these things aren't connected. You need to look at your focus, at your activities, at your way of approaching things. Where are all the introverted activities you enjoy? Needing to wind down after a day of activity and spend some quality time alone is not a sign of introversion, it's just normal human nature.&gt; A significant part of the American public showed the world that they wanted a troll, Trump simply provided.

He's been a troll all his life though.

To me what you're saying just sounds like fear of failure, failure is nothing, failure is progress. If you aren't willing to fuck up, get beat down and crawl your way back up again then you were never really trying to get anywhere in the first place.&gt; I went to a different site that phrased things differently and that seems to be in some conflict with what you sent 

Yeah there are many different resources which view and frame things differently, they aren't 1:1.

&gt; I don't view life as exciting and full of possibility because I'm a realist and that statement seems inherently false to me

How is it not full of possibilities, what exactly are you referring to? Clearly life is full of possibilities, it seems incredibly unrealistic to say differently.

&gt; but I think the key thing that doesn't is their optimistic and passionate joie de vivre

In contrast to what though? Out of all the people I've typed so far in the thread you show the most energy and optimism. You dive right into the resources, looking at different possibilities, cross referencing with other resources. You express optimism in trying to figure it out, it's interesting to you. Not only that but you also happily engage with me, disagreeing and bouncing your ideas, puzzling together the different resources.  You're doing exactly what one would expect an ENFP to do, looking at the facts (resources) and trying to view it from a bunch of angles, not straight up dismissing the possibilities despite clearly being highly skeptical and somewhat reluctant to embracing the idea.

&gt; I thought the main difference between introverts and extroverts is where they direct and derive energy.

This is with social introversion/extroversion, that's what people generally talk about when they say they're an introvert/extrovert. Jungian introversion/extroversion is different, it doesn't have anything to do with the standard social introversion/extroversion. People tend to sum up extroverts as being object-&gt;subject-&gt;object focused and introverts subject-&gt;object-&gt;subject. I don't get overwhelmed/drained at parties at all because it's not much different from being at home, I rarely focus on my surrounding, I'm busy with my thoughts. The only time that isn't the case is when I'm highly energized, but then I just end up bored out of my mind.

&gt; but I like channeling my energy into reading, writing, and crafting as opposed to events or things that involve other people.

Again, jungian introversion/extroversion has nothing to do with other people, objects are external.

&gt; but I do not choose or want to be excited all the time. When I take MBTI tests, which you may or may not think are a valid assessment, I consistently test as I-F-.

Haha, of course not, no one is excited all the time (although there is one person who self types as ENFP here in the thread that says they're always excited, I call bullshit though). I don't think you realize how incredibly outgoing you seem to be in contrast to the general introvert.&gt; A poor immigrant can theoretically achieve The American Dream, but realistically, is more likely to be the first in a line of generational poverty because circumstances aren't favorable.

I mean this is really a matter of perspective. Any person has the opportunity to come up with a business plan and relentlessly try to find investors/get loans. It might take 300 nos until you get a yes, but eventually if you keep pushing, refine your presentation and your business plan you'll find an investor. People have this peculiar attachment to there needing to be a path carved out for you, rather than the opportunity to make your own path. Naturally none of this is easy, there are plenty of obstacles in the way, you still have to eat and sleep and you only have a limited amount of energy and time to spend. But why does there have to be an easy path? Isn't it in one sense pretty disturbing how spoiled we are today when we feel entitled to an easy path?

&gt; So what is Jungian introversion/extroversion? From what I've read and the tests I've taken, it seems to align with social introversion/extraversion, so I'd like to hear a different take on it.

Most of the tests test social introversion/extroversion, the vast majority of the tests have no connection to the cognitive functions, they exclusively follow the dichotomy model. [Michael Pierce](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzEZaUYWo1o) has a pretty interesting breakdown of introversion and extroversion. I do not view introversion/extroversion as a dichotomy though, I view it as a continuum so it's possible to practically be ambiverted.

&gt; If we were talking in person, I think I would've stopped a while ago because I wouldn't be able to think of things quickly and insightfully enough and would feel awkward debating with a stranger who seems to know much more about this than I do.

There are groups that do video typing if you aren't too uncomfortable with the idea. Body language and how you respond in real time makes it much easier to type someone, especially extroversion/introversion is much easier to tell.

*Edit*

[If you like reading and want to overdose on information about extraversion/introversion.](http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types)Depends on whether you're talking about good/bad from an individual or societal perspective. Good/bad from an individual perspective doesn't exist to me, there are only different perspectives, values and environments. From a societal perspective I'm relatively black and white.I don't know what authentic is supposed to mean. Why would I want to be "authentic" instead of better? My "authentic" self is just a bunch of things I do or don't want to do because of defense mechanisms, why would I embrace those instead of try to rise above them?

To me authenticity doesn't mean anything. Yeah, I state my mind and I'm not going to do any different, but that's not because I want to be authentic, it's because I think everyone is better off hearing actual opinions and not some flowery bullshit to protect their feelings. My "authenticity" is either because I perceive that to be the most optimal for my own growth and the people around me or because I'm giving in to my weaknesses. An example of giving in to my weaknesses is the need to throw in negativity so it won't come across like I'm bandwagoning, it's ridiculous, but I really hate coming across like I'm taking sides instead of standing entirely on my own. My unwillingness to "lick someone's ass" isn't because I want to be authentic, I just don't like coming across as if I'm siding with someone, and that's an irrational weakness I have no interest in embracing.&gt; Edit 2; It is possible that typology may not work through music due to the collaborative paradigm.

Really depends on how the band works, it's not too uncommon to have band members write entirely separately and only leave a little bit of room for interpretation by the individual musicians in the band. 

[Arjen Lucassen](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zv-97GcGGwA) is as far as I can tell an ISFJ for reference (maybe INFJ), and he's a pretty giant control freak when it comes to his music.I'm a creature of habit and always put things in the same place, I also have very few possessions, so I don't really ever misplace or lose stuff. I never even lose stuff drunk.This is just fundamentally uninteresting, everyone understands you go to jail if you kill someone and everyone understands that actions have consequences. The problem of 99,5% of people is inaction, your argument is just not a problem, everyone knows it and everyone gets it, almost everyone lets it hold them back from actually striking when need be.

You say there's no nuance yet you fail to put your arguments into context. Fear of failure is what holds the majority of people back, people don't want to go off the clear path onto the bumpy road, they want to be in complete control and know exactly where they're headed. That's the struggle most people face. They don't trust their ability to adapt to a situation, and thus end up making shitty decisions out of fear. Again, there's a reason why he's one of the most successful business coaches out there, because he understands where the flaw is. Almost everyone who makes the argument you're making are just rationalizing an excuse to not go off the clear path onto the bumpy unknown path. I can't possibly know whether it actually applies to you or not, but chances are you're just deluding yourself into inaction while denying your flaws.

You just keep barking for attention like an insecure child.&gt; Fear is an illusion, but danger is real. 

That is true, but not from a human perspective, from a human perspective fear is very real.

&gt; The point is to acknowledge the fear to understand the danger, if present, not charge blindly into everything you fear thinking that would fix the problem.

And nobody is telling you to charge blindly into it without considering the consequences, you're just too  thick to interpret things in the appropriate context. Fear is very rarely connected to any real danger, it's irrational and based on complexes.&gt; Well, then it is a wrong perspective.

You're a human, denying your nature is naive and dysfunctional. The more you think you're capable of perfectly rational decisions the less rational your system becomes. Closing your eyes and screaming like a little baby does not remove your flaws and limitations, a system ignoring those flaws and limitations is naive.

&gt; Accept that there is absolutely no nuance in the things you proclaim, making them nonsensical. "Eat every banana you see, no matter what!" is vastly different from a claim like this "Eat every good banana that you see, but ensure that eating the good bananas would not cause you to lose your ability to procure more good bananas in the future." In the first, there is an implicit claim that if the situation comes up, you must continue eating until you die of stomach lesions. It's exactly the stupidity in your claims that I am pointing out to you that you are spotting.

For whatever reason you're projecting Dan Pena's words onto me, I've never said anything along those lines. Secondly you're utterly incapable of putting even simple things into proper context. "Just fucking do it!", oh right so if you feel like jumping out the window just because you're curious about what the fall feels like I should obviously do it, right? Do you see how fucking retarded your way of interpreting it is? Nobody cares to spell things out literally, because they don't have to, your inability to put things into context is your problem. Nobody gives a shit that you're incapable of interpreting it, your problem.I don't really ever have to deal with it, everyone gets the message.I got carried away in the moment and was a bit of a bully sometimes as a kid.Everything you know is a human construct, it's a pointless argument.But it's not, reality is that right and wrong exists from a human perspective, just as colors exist from a human perspective. It's an experience we ascribe to things, a very real experience.How can you prove someone is healthy or unhealthy? When exactly is someone healthy and when exactly are they unhealthy?

Why does inherently right/wrong need to exist for right/wrong to exist?No.Edgy.Nah, words.Nah.&gt; So are you admitting that nothing is inherently wrong/right?

Yes, it's something we ascribe to something, it has no meaning outside of human interpretation.

&gt; Right and wrong exist but it only exist as our opinions. Am I right?

I'm saying that it's a property of our existence, just as vision, smell, touch and all the other senses. Just because there is no such thing as an inherently "bad smell" it doesn't mean there is no such thing as smells that we try to avoid exposing ourselves to. There's a reason why cities and towns try to not smell like piss, shit, rotten, moldy and a bunch of other smells that people simply do not enjoy. &gt; Then you agree with me.

No, I'm saying that in your attempt to be completely rational and objective you will fail, and therefore it's reasonable to generally lean more towards action than inaction. No matter how much you try to focus on it exclusively empirically, emotions will still find their way to affect the judgement.

&gt; This is a logical discussion

No it's not, I have absolutely zero interest in discussing this topic seriously with you. I'm just responding cause I'm a last worder.&gt; Emotions do not factor in for decisions made by the ventromedial prefrontal cortex. Scientifically, your statement is inaccurate.

No, scientifically your statement is bullshit, emotions absolutely factor in decisions made by the ventromedial prefrontal cortex.

&gt; Having a thought experiment to understand special relativity probably isn't affected by emotion. 

You wouldn't be interested in understanding special relativity without emotions.First of all, I couldn't possibly know the situation in the US, I'm not from the US. However, I don't see how any of the things you listed contradicts any of what I said, for whatever reason you assume they're tied down by the system, why? Why can they not come up with their own business plan and relentlessly look for investors?

&gt; I don't think most feel entitled to anything other than their basic rights, which they 

And here's the problem, what exactly are these basic rights? It's an umbrella term you can put just about anything under. A clear and risk free path to a safe and comfortable income seems to be on people's list for basic rights. I have never and I will never believe in risk free anything, it's not a healthy path.

I will say though, it's very different here than in the US. We have entirely free education here. The good thing about the US system is that education is an actual investment with risk, the bad thing is that it makes climbing out of poverty a whole fuck ton harder.

I still think we have extremely different views on what basic human rights are, in your example I fail to see how this is a lack of basic human rights.

To me basic human rights is having the right to live and the right to grow crops and keep the product. My life, my choices and what I reap is mine to distribute, that's basic human rights to me.&gt; Unless you consider logical processing emotion, you have given no proof that emotions do factor in.

I'd assume you're capable of using google, google it.

&gt; Incorrect. That's the difference - there are people who do not need to utilise emotions every time they want to decide on what they would like to do, unlike you.

I never once claimed you utilize emotions every time you make a decision, utilizing them and them having a consistent skew of your judgement/perception are two completely separate claims. You do not have to utilize or factor in emotions for emotions to have shifted your worldview, values, preferences and thus judgement.&gt; I'm not the one with the burden of proof on me.

No. It's utterly irrelevant to my claim whether emotions affect decisions made by the ventromedial prefrontal cortex or not. 

&gt; They are one and the same.

No you fucking numbnut, they're not.

&gt; You are simply claiming that subconsciously, all decision making processes utilise emotions

No, I'm not.How long does it generally take for you to snap out of it seeing as you're aware of it?&gt; Yes it is. The ventromedial prefrontal cortex is one of a few parts of the brain utilised in making decisions. Hence, scientifically, your argument is inaccurate.

You can continue spewing your garbage all you want, you're utterly ignorant on the matter.

"Feelings provide the basis for human reason—brain-damaged patients left devoid of emotion struggle to make the most elementary decisions."

&gt; It is exactly "You are simply claiming that subconsciously, all decision making processes utilise emotions". "Skew" is simply subconscious manipulation on decisions.

No, it's still not, you can repeat it a hundred times and it still doesn't make it true.Easiest ENTJ, can't say I've noticed a hardest pattern.He's an INFJ giving into his Thinking bias because he adores his Ti too much.
I don't drink often, and not for any particular reason other than I don't enjoy it that much. Historically I would end up reeling in people to deep conversations about past tribulations and triumphs. The occasional spewing of Fe and "I love you, man" would come out.

Now a days I just get stoned and go back and forth between introspecting and contributing thought provoking comments to group conversations.Let me finish my sentence, damn it! Stop charming me! Ooo, fun! I think I would have to choose ENFP and ENFJ. The ENFP and I could come up with fun ideas to do on the island or things to do when we're off the island. The ENFJ and I could execute plans for shelter/boats. 

The ENFJ and ENFP can entertain one another while I'm off recharging under a coconut tree in the shade. Why not "open to possibilities"? :)Driven.Shit. I usually think of Fi as being deep rooted moral principles, while Fe is more the ability to "read the room" and pick up on how others are feeling based on their body language or interactions with others.**nope^nope^nope^nope^nope**Can confirm the Fe fakeness. It's cringe worthy to all involved, including the user. Do you guys need me to help you talk this thing out? Sounds like you've encountered a few exaggerated instances. ISTJ's tend to be hard to grasp for me. It seems as if we just aren't speaking the same language. It's weird. No no, there aren't any stupid questions here! I have been trying to adjust my communication style, and while some forms seem more effective than others I still just have a hard time relating to them fundamentally and conversationally. In this case, it's a new roommate situation of about two months. I'm sure we'll figure it out eventually. 

Now that I think about it, it does seem like I'm the one that's difficult to understand. I will try to be more straight forward, and less abstract in my communications. Thanks! I got ENFP, and I'm dating an ENFP. Yay!This is brilliantly written, and very helpful. Thanks for sharing! Both are Ne doms, so it's easy to see why you're on the fence. Have you spent time reading about Ti vs Te?

Te (tertiary function in ENFPs) tends to make an individual very curious and inquisitive. Whereas Ti (aux function in ENTPs) tends to make them slightly more introspective, and spend more time sifting through their thoughts before reaching a conclusion. Womp womp womp. Help me understand, if that's the case!Let yourself feel what you're feeling. Try to find inspiration where you can, and pour yourself into it. How do you spot an ESTP, out of curiosity?I'm an INFJ, and currently live with an ISTJ. We work very different schedules so it tends to be fine. I'd almost say there is NO dynamic. A conversation between us is the most boring thing you'll ever witness. It's like eating a slice of plain white bread. It's just nothing. 

Before I lived with an ENFP, and she was great. We would talk for hours about anything, everything, and how it made us feel. But, there was also a closeted criminal ISFP living there, who was careless and dangerous (part of the reason I moved). 

Luckily I only moved across the street, so my ENFP friend and I still see each other. Ahh, I see. I can always spot an ESFP (who can't, really?) but maybe I just haven't encountered an ESTP recently. Either that, or maybe I spend too much time introspecting in extensive social situations...+1 for pavementWait, 6 cents?! 4 cents more than anyone else gives!I have noticed people (mostly IxTP's) reporting Fe as appearing manipulative because they interpret it as having questionable motives/attempting to be excessively persuasive. 

What's interesting to me is that I've often run into the exact *opposite* scenario, where I am easily manipulated because someone knows I am willing to go to extreme lengths to maintain harmony, even if it means sacrificing my own comfort.

I can see both sides, honestly.Me: INFJ

Mom: ESTJ

Dad: INFJ

Brother: INTJSi/TeENTJs intimidate me when first getting to know them. I just can't figure out how they are so confident in the things they do and say. At the same time, I usually have a deep respect for them and feel we can get along very well in a platonic friendship.

ENTPs make me laugh quite a bit. I can't tell if it takes a while for them to warm up to me, or me to warm up to them. (or if there is a difference between the two)

ESTJs on the other hand, make me want to run and hide under a rock. They come off so aggressive and I can't understand why. They are generally quick to talk over me and squish me like a bug. 

I have a pretty close ESFP friend, and yes, your enthusiasm confuses us. But at the same time I have a secret admiration for your ability to be **so** present and driven. My ESFP friend will stick up for me when I won't stick up for myself. We have a lot of fun when doing creative things together, like photography. I like seeing the sparkle in your eyes when inferior Ni comes out in a positive way! Same here, though I'm bitter about it, as I *like* the idea of having music on while studying. I love this bot.You just gotta punch Fe in the face. 

But do it politely, of course. Wouldn't want to upset anyone. This is fantastically written and organized. Thanks for sharing! ***spastic cringing***&gt;waaaay the hell more badass stuff

Like puppies on motorcycles?&gt;What truly gives you reason?

The desire to follow my passions relentlessly, even if it means accepting the instances where I've been thrown off course.

&gt; What makes you wake up every morning and jump out of bed?

On my good days, it is my eagerness to get started on whatever I have planned for the day. On my bad days, it is my impatient dog and my eagerness for coffee.

&gt;What makes you climb back in at the end of a hard day with a smile on your face?

Most often, it is reflecting on a really creative day. Having this deep feeling that what I wrote/recorded captured something really distinct from within me. Letting the chaos roll out, and taming it into coherent pieces of work. 

&gt;What makes you tick?

Fear of lacking purpose, lacking depth, and lacking solitude. hehI'm also great at going unseen/being invisible. I am able to read people very easily, and body language speaks volumes to me. I can get people to open up almost instantly, which comes in handy if there are bits of information I need! These might be pretty standard xNFJ traits, though. 

I'm also able to find a way to play any instrument somewhat fluidly, even if I've never touched it before. Particularly stringed instruments.Hmmm.

Rick - ENTP

Morty - ISFJ (just think of the episode where he chooses the adventure and they end up in court)

Beth - INTJ

Jerry - xNFP?

Summer - ENFP*scoffs*

You will never see me put on top-40 stuff! You will exclusively hear only the most obscure, innovative artists from whatever micro-genre I've been digging into. And one day, a week from now, you will wake up with it in your head and you'll have to come ask me what it was. At which point I'll need to explain that you can ONLY find them on bandcamp. 

(sorry, I'm bored)Oh gosh... that is awful, and I'm not surprised at all. I just founded *Sharpie Label Records LLC* right now. Hmm. I feel like every type is going to get annoyed by another type for the way they come off. 

For me, it's xSTJ's. NOT EVERYTHING IS THE WAY YOU THINK IT IS. GAHH.

Sorry. I had an anger.Ugh, they are still counting the weed vote in my state. The worst type of cliffhanger. I feel like animals are just likely to take on traits they see in their humans. My pup is definitely as curious, yet skeptical about things in the same manner I am. It's funny. I usually listen to the instrumentation. Lyrics are not the key to a good song, performance is. 

If the lyrics to a particular song *happen* to be powerful, than that hits me. But more often than not I am too engulfed in my own emotional experience to acknowledge the artists perspective/message.INFJs either a) wouldn't be aware of it until it was all over or b) would doorslam each and every one of you.

We'd essentially be impossible to locate. 

In the long run, it would also turn out we have no natural predators, and we would be destined to forget our tea in the other room for all of eternity. Definitely sounds like the INFPs in my life. Right, we knew it was going to happen so long ago that we started pondering about other subjects and we just missed the whole affair! Or the food inside of it because we wandered off while cooking something.ShitAs an INFJ, I certainly don't feel like I fit in or belong anywhere. I've grown pretty comfortable with it, to be honest. In my own habitat (alone and surrounded by instruments) I feel welcomed. 

I think the difference for us, at least socially, is that we can *blend in*. I also don't notice it, but there are plenty of things I don't notice while I'm hanging out up in my head. What are we talking about again?¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯I know bot, I know. I did it right.

¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯Very cool!I find that I just happen to run into a lot of xNFPs.It's kind of just the progression of music... they're not appearing out of thin air, you just don't know they exist. I dig indie rock - play it myself. The new Kevin Morby and Fleet Foxes records have been flooding my speakers lately.Great descriptions. These are true, from my experience.I think you’re projecting a bit - and this is also an extremely toxic post. You can’t generalize mass populations like that. You should follow a career that you think will be rewarding to you. How old are you? Are you in school? 


For myself, it took a while to decide what to do. I started with psychology, then went to business, communication, music production, etc.


Now I'm back in school getting my BS in Psychology, and minoring in neuroscience. Ah, I see. You’re still young! Go to school and take some electives. Your interests will likely surprise you. Don’t put too much pressure on your future career - just try to find what you like the most and follow it. Alright. You finally did me in. I’m unsubscribing from here. This used to be fun, but shit like this has me concerned for humanity. Haha. Thanks for the chuckle. It’s accurate. 


There just doesn’t seem to be as much productive discussion in these parts any more. It’s mostly memes and intuition biases. 


I’ve also just started a psych/neuroscience program so I think I’m just craving a different type of discussion. 
Any combination of types can work in a relationship depending on the individual people, tbh. There's too many factors besides MBTI to consider. But functions do effect the way relationships work.  
One of my best friends is an INFP. We overcome problems like Fe/Fi clashes by being understanding of each other. She initially thought I was acting 'fake' by subconsciously adjusting my personality depending on who I'm talking to, and most of the surface-type friendships I made were considered equally fake. She has matured since then and understands that I want people to feel happy around me and maintain harmony because I get stressed out and upset otherwise.  
I did used to find her Fi-ness a bit annoying and still do sometimes. She is opinionated and feels the need to show it regularly. I think her main filter is her introversion. I just work with the fact that that's the way she is, and being that stubborn is actually a cool quality when she applies it in the right way, which she does all the time.  
And there's lots of good things about our relationship! We lend each other books, link each other to songs and art and talk about how we interpret them. I love that artsy farsty rubbish, and so does she. I'm happy to listen to her regularly scheduled rant of the day she's been holding in, too. Hearing someone talk about things so passionately is really interesting and fun.I hate calling so much. I don't get time to think, sometimes I mumble and have to repeat myself, it feels super imprivate in the way that texting and even having an in-person convo doesn't. I do agree that it's easier to really hear what someone is thinking and feeling from their tone of voice, but calling is still so difficult in other ways that I still don't do it much.I actually think you should consider INFJ. A lot of stuff you said seems to imply Fe rather than Fi like an INFP. Saying that people should be open minded about music taste suggested that the most, along with wanting to go to the party if your friends do and hiding some of your hobbies because you think people will consider them weird.  
It's a small thing, but wanting to fix the car after combatting feelings of disappointment sounds kind of tertiary Ti as well. Along with trying not to rely on gut feelings, with might be Ni ideas being validated/thrown out by Ti.  
If you don't mind, could you answer a few more questions?  
1) In the whole car breaking down scenario, would you express your initial distress to your friends? To what extent? Why or why not?  
2) Do you actively seek common ground when talking to new people? How put off would you feel if you were talking to someone new who shared few hobbies with you?  
3) Does you wanting people to enjoy different music genres come from you liking a wide range yourself and wanting people to do the same or you just wanting people to stop being dismissive of something they haven tried? Both? Neither?  
4) And now familiar are you with cognitive functions? I'm between INFP and INFJ for your type, and while they seem similar on the surface, they are vastly different in terms of functions and inner workings.INFP, probably. Lots of his characters seem very individualistic, he laces his personal feelings into the characters. You get a feel that some of their traits reflect his, as is the case with lots of writers. I personally find his books a little bit too pretentious, but I've read a few and that's what I get from them.Mum is ISFJ, dad is ISTJ. Brother is especially unproductive INTP, sister is the somehow the most extroverted of extroverts despite being the only extrovert, an ESFP. I'm an INFJ.This sounds stereotypical as hell, but I'm an INFJ and love comedians with underlying social/political commentary. Russell Howard, Hari Kondabalu, that kind. Blending comedy and more serious messages is such a hard skill.  
I think this is partially an environmental thing because of me being British, but I also love dry self-depreciative humour. Not really for the last part? It just depends where you look. I know plenty of young religious people. I think religion has a lot to do with upbringing and environment, and less to do with MBTI.Pretty sure he's just a mature ENTP. He says he used to take pleasure in arguing when he was younger about minor things and also said he would never want to 'fake emotions', which he would consider an insult to who he's talking to. That's not a Fe dom, that's a mature tertiary Fe user. I also see no single-goaled Ni, just a bunch of Ne type ideas linked together because, again, he is better developed than an ENTP in their twenties might be.Pretty much agree with all of this. Jet probably is ISTJ. There's a lot of emphasis on the main characters' pasts, and Jet seems to be the most interested in acknoledging his old status and coming to terms with it (as opposed to Faye, who gets it thrust into her face with no warning and Spike, who needs a big jolt to face anything), which I think are Si-dom signs. And even though Spike is the main character, Jet, as the owner of the Bebop, is clearly the organised leader-type one (Te).  
I've seen Julia typed as ISFJ, INFP, INFJ and INTJ. No clue, to be honest. And Ein is just... Ein.Looking back I actually do think Julia is ISFJ. If I remember right, she was concerned about how her relationship with Spike would affect the Red Dragon Syndicate, so she made sure they hid things. Of course nearly anyone would do that in that situation, but the way that she was also kind of averse to the idea of running off with Spike when he suggested it suggests a Si-like respect for her standing and the system the syndicate goes by. And maybe her wanting to keep the peace means she's a Fe user? It's hard because we're going off descriptions and implied events rather than actual time on screen, but that's what I think.  
And of course, Laughing Bull has to be a cryptic, future-seeing INFJ!I think Yoda is an INTP maybe? Obi Wan is an INFJ, though.  
The dad, Hans, from The Book Thief is probably an INFJ. So is Gandalf.Thought Catalog isn't great for MBTI stuff. It seems overly specific and based on stereotypes. The writers seem to have that pretty wrong 'MBTI dictates your specific behaviour' mindset. Like they're writing about one or two people they know of that type?I got Horned Serpent, but I looked up summaries of the houses and think Thunderbird fits better. Some of those questions were odd imo, even more so than the regular Hogwarts quiz.I did like the originality, yeah. I've never heard questions like that before. I think you're confusing the MBTI definition of introversion and extroversion (where you focus your energy) to specifically social introversion and extroversion (how socially outgoing you are, to use that term). An introvert could be socially extroverted if they focused more on their inner world and gained energy from that, but was more outgoing in social circumstances and gained energy from that.INFJ. Asami Sato from Avatar, especially the later seasons. I've been borrowing from the library a lot in recent years, but here's what I've got: https://imgur.com/YvmTncJNot quite. I do have an INFP friend who's borrowed almost every book I own, though.My body language, tone of voice and so on is always carefully calculated unless I'm very tired. Like if I'm in a situation where I want to comfort someone, I'll be thinking that I need to smile a bit harder, maybe quieten my voice ever so slightly, keep eye contact for just long enough. I used to think that everyone monitored their expression that closely, and would spend ages wondering what people meant by their very tiny mannerisms (which I always always noticed) when more often than not they meant nothing at all.  
Most of the feelings I express aren't completely genuine or reflections of what I really feel at the time, but what I decide would be good to express. (That might be a difference between INFJ and ENFJ?) I'm kind of secretly secretive. So like it looks like I'm never angry or stressed, but I'm actually just good at pretending not to be. My Fe is kind of all over the place though. I know plenty of INFJs who can't use expressions easily.  
I suppose reasons for not liking emote overload can differ, but I don't necessarily think it's just only because people don't like expressiveness. Maybe because what they mean is too ambiguous?Agreed. I'm especially tired of the 'I am a complicated person and nobody understands me, but I know other people better than they know themselves!' philosophy. How difficult is it to realise that literally everyone is complex and multifaceted? I thought Extroverted Feeling involved understanding that.There is no such thing as changing type, being a mix of types or being a 'borderline type'. Reading about cognitive functions will make it clearer as to why.Plato, Leonard Cohen, Agatha Christie. All sorts.Couldn't quite stick to one word. Democratic socialism, INFJ.Hey, mate, I don't know who you're thinking of when you watch this video, whether it's someone you feel negatively about or it's even just yourself. I don't know the show and I don't know the context of the speech, but I know that people often struggle with the idea that 'justice' isn't getting served, that people aren't getting 'punished' for things. But where do we draw the line for what justice is and what it isn't? We can't decide on our own morals and expect consequences of going against them to manifest naturally because they're just that- *our own* morals. I'm not saying whoever you feel wrongs you isn't 'wrong'. If anything, choices to do anything always have an effect on the world around them, even if it's not a thunderbolt flying out of the sky to strike the person. It's like throwing a stone into a still pond and the water around it rippling. Say someone said something awful to another person. They threw a stone into the pond. Maybe the other person expressed their annoyance with them. That's the first ripple. Maybe they stopped talking to them. Another ripple. Maybe a mutual friend also started to dislike them. Ripple number three. It's like the proper concept of karma, that actions have consequences. We can't even call them good and bad consequences because again, we don't have morality in nature. It depends how you choose to see them.  
Let the consequences take their course. Don't expect to be the final say on what is good or bad, or what should be happening to someone. If you are not happy with the result and you're at a loss for 'rectifying it', leave it and move on, it's pointless to spend time lamenting about how the world should make certain things happen because we want them to. We are fortunate to have justice systems for serious wrongs like crimes, but the rest is out of our control.  
I'm not too pleased with how I worded this, but it's the best I can manage for now.  
And judging from your post history, you should try finding somewhere to vent that is made for venting. /r/confession /r/offmychest etc.It's pretty well documented that Jung didn't really 'get' Si. He described it very vaguely. Not a great choice for someone trying to figure out if they're a Ni or Si dom.  
I don't think there is a true sensor bias but there does seem to be a trend of 'I'm an intuitive and you aren't exactly like me so you must be a sensor' or something like that. I do still think the op sounds more like an ISTJ than INTJ to be honest.Here's a good scenario based one: http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/505602-short-effective-scenario-questionnaire-2-0-self-type.html  
It gives you a short summary of what functions your answers to each question suggest.Going to stick to first gen for now because there's way too many characters and that's the group I remember the best.  
Tony- Not sure, ENTP maybe??  
Cassie- INFP or ISFP  
Anwar- ENFJ, can kind of see ESFJ (he's my favourite)  
Maxxie- ISTP? ISFP?  
Chris- ESFP  
Sid- ISFP  
Michelle- ESFJ?  
Jal- ISTJ  
Effie- INFJ? INTJ?  
I think that's all of them.I think so too. Look at Ne vs Ni for better confirmation.Daniel Day Lewis. I didn't know his name before now, actually. He's an ok actor, seems to be an INFJ as well though. (Also I am apparently 'highly neurotic'? Alright, then.)https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/2c68wl/socionicsmbti_descriptions_by_functions_infj/ Might be helpful.Imo Katniss is ISTJ. The Si is more apparent in the books than the films, though.Idk but Timmy is an INFJ for sure. He is cute and so am I so we must be the same type.I find that I have to decide whether people annoy me on an individual basis. Whenever I tell myself I hate a certain 'type' of person, people with a particular trait, I'll meet someone who has that very trait who I like anyway. It's like everyone's determined to prove me wrong just by having redeeming traits I can focus on instead. It's the reason why I have difficulty disliking most people.I'm trying to pin down exactly what bothers me about this article and others like it, and I think I can boil it down to a few points:  

* The title itself. As someone's already pointed out, anyone being loved by anyone is important enough to be cherished, and there is no reason why being loved by an INFJ is extra important.  

* There's loads and loads of those little subjective, specific and favourable traits brought up that don't really depend on type at all. References to things like being secretive, taking time to trust people fully and so on. These are things lots and lots of people do, they are not super-special INFJ traits.  

* Maybe not an issue with just MBTI articles, but ones like these in general. It reads like wish fulfilment for the author, if that's the right phrase to use. She writes about what INFJs feel do and want, but she's talking about what **she** feels does and wants. And it's so general lots of different people can agree with it, which is similar to the last point I made. It's just like Buzzfeed-y 'only _____ people will understand' posts.  

* There's just generally some odd points made that probably don't even apply to the author herself- she just wants them to. I doubt she or any other INFJ can 'sense your mood and feelings without you saying a word'. And that is part of the reason why INFJs (and others!) are often seen as narcissistic- we often think we can do these amazing, superhuman things when we can't.Finally, my area of expertise.  
Blue (Gary is the character in the anime, and quite different): ESTJ  
Silver: ISTJ  
Wally: INFP  
Barry: ESFP  
Cheren: ENTJ  
Bianca: ISFJ  
N: INFP  
Shauna: ENFP  
Not played Sun and Moon yet (hopefully soon!) so I can't speak accurately on Lillie and Hau, but I want to say ISFP for Lillie at least.Ryuk is pretty blatant ENTP as well in the observations he makes and how he lets things play out. Not sure about Mello though. I see ENFP sometimes.That could be completely manufactured and intentional, since the whole point of his idea is to convince the other guy of an intention he doesn't really have.Your friend is making an awful lot of assumptions about people based on their appearance. And even if someone did have food-related problems, it isn't something to be 'disgusted' by. I'm sure he has flaws and bad habits and personal problems himself, even if they aren't immediately visible (and again, dietary problems often can't be detected just by looking at someone, contrary to popular belief). That doesn't mean he's a terrible person and a disgrace to all children everywhere, by whatever stretched line of thinking he managed to come to that conclusion from. It's just that our culture calls overweight (or even overweight 'looking') people horrible, and we choose to latch onto that above everything else.  
  
Rant aside, I don't think this is mbti related.Type is INFJ. I’m not really good at favourite celebrities but I was thinking the other day about how much I respect Orwell as a writer/political thinker. I see him get typed as INFP but that’s the go to for all writers so it could be wrong.I've been rereading my favourite book ever recently and I think I've finally started to get a slight sense of the characters' personality types. I haven't seen the film, so I don't know if characters are any different there. So far I'm thinking:    
Liesel- Seems like a Fi-dom. I'd guess ISFP.  
Max- Hard to tell because he's limited to the basement for the majority of his part in the book, is often weak or ill and only interacts with Liesel and her family. Maybe FP as well?  
Rosa- Seems like ENTJ to me. Super efficient and commanding, instantly more worried about how to handle having Max around long-term than Hans. Comes off as cold but ultimately has genuine love for Hans, Liesel and eventually Max.  
Hans- INFP, fairly certain. All sweet mushy Fi, evidenced in his connections with people like Liesel.  
Death- The abstract but still carefully connected narrative style seems to point to INTJ.  
Rudy- ESFP? He's just a kid but already seems impulsive and holds figures like Jesse Owens close to his heart, completely disregarding public dislike of him.    
Also gonna cautiously type the author, Markus Zuzak, as a Ni-Dom.  Unfortunately pain that he brandished against others. I vote Leonard Cohen.Mental illness makes him hard to type. For example, how Tyler is relevant as part of his psyche. Ni: I wish I was leader of the whole world and led it to utopia  
Fe: I wish everyone loved me  
Ti: I wish everyone left me alone and let me think  
Se: I wish I was Vogue editor and had a wardrobe the size of a house   A) This is clearly a joke, how are any of these accurate 
B) It's a parody of perfectionism and "my vision is best vision" which are classic Ni traits 
and C) I don't remember calling the typology police! Err, what. xNFP for sure.How come these are bands rather than people? Either way I don’t know most of them well but I think Noel and Liam Gallagher of Oasis are an ISTP and ESFP respectively.I do dislike when people use an online test telling them they’re introverted to justify refusal to try and be at least pleasant with people. Like, yeah, you hate small talk and are in your own head a lot, learn how to grow from those things.It’s a solid effort overall but I’m not sure about all of them. Kendrick Lamar is definitely an INFP while Andre 3000 is definitely an INFJ.It seems INxJ is meant to be the girl, ENxP is the sharks.  
  
I think this meme was taken from another source that was probably joking about women who entertain destructive relationships with men who they think they can 'fix'. (Of course the reverse can and does happen, but gender roles and the obligation to fit the 'nurturing' woman stereotype is key to this problem.)  Ohhhhh, I do think they’re both the fixing people. That makes me feel more okay with this meme, I was gonna say it’s kind of mean spirited to suggest a whole type has issues.You're really out here telling me obsolete gender roles are human nature, lol. That's severely restricting what everyone is capable of, as well as extremely simplistic and not scientifically accurate. Son, calm the fuck down and stop reading whatever personality profile tells you you're obliged to type like this, lmao. There’s something about Anne’s diary that makes her personality incredibly relatable. I’ve spoken with so many people who read it as a kid and felt like she was almost a friend to them or someone they identified really closely with.It would be a leap to assume a type based on this post and you can only be sure of it because there's a big flair next to their username.When they are written poorly, inconsistently, or in a two dimensional way.
Through feelings =(=(lol =(=(=(  but =( must be =( misunderstood =(I am constantly in sorrow =(Thank you =(

I am just a sad, misunderstood INFJ that needs attentionSorry =(You wouldn't understand even if I tried to explain it. Us INFJs are just so complex =(Oh no! Misunderstood again =( So many feelingsWeirdest type you say? I guess I'm INTJ after all =(yes =(Sorry =(=(It's everyone's thing =(

As everyone is an INFJ everyone is sad =(Everything is a deal breaker. 

My SO must be perfect. 

Or they're not my SO. thank you =(I also find ESTJs to be really dorky and goofy. They like to have fun and goof around. Why is that never talked about?Sheeple: sheep people 

Like people who just follow the crowd and are just mindlessly being ledNFPs are the most common intuitive types. They also will share similar functions with you that explains the friendships. 

However, be careful with those tests. They tend to be extremely inaccurate in typing people. I would suggest not looking at the personality descriptions but dissecting the function stacks of your friends. Exactly. There is no way that ONLY SJs could ever qualify for that. I think that Se may have a harder time accepting that they have reached old age. I think that Si may never notice because they're in their head a lot. I'm sorry =(You're right. By me making this post, this is definitely the worst problem I have. &gt;Ni Fe Ti Se

I am surprised and shocked that you would say such things to me. 
Two of my very good friends in high school were ENTPs. 

The female ENTP would always be making things and dragging me a long to make things with her. "hamfree, I just wrote the first season to this TV show. Can you read it for me?" "hamfree, I want to make a movie, will you edit it for me?" and even when we were in college "hamfree, let's skype! I have a lot of projects to tell you about!". I love her very much. We get along very well and I am always in awe of everything she just creates. 

The male ENTP is way more crippled by social anxiety and self doubt. Our relationship was based mostly off of the comedy we did together and the classes we took together. He is terrible about maintaining relationships but I always felt like an equal to him, even though our other friends (other SJs or NFs), always felt self conscious in their relationship with him. 

Overall, I would consider these two friendships for life. No matter what, I could call either up to make a movie tomorrow. 

I wouldn't date one though. Thomas Jefferson. 

It is an irrational hatred because I was Alexander Hamilton in a previous life. 

People typically don't understand, but I can't fucking stand Jefferson and his hypocrisy. Some people just don't understand. If the audience wants, so it shall beSimon Cowell is the love of my life. He is definitely an ISTP. He loves the attention and the performing. He's not as withdrawn as an ENTJ would be about this type of stuff. I'm going to use that clip for Inside the Mind of INTJ! Thanks! I think it's hilarious!!!&gt;inside the mindAlex Day is definitely ENTP. =DStill looking =)Lol I don't mind!I'm glad you liked the comparison! I know the video wasn't very funny but I felt it captured the inner ENTP too well to not do it. Can confirm. But this is inside the mind!!Yes but this is inside the mind!!

Thank you! Get ready for the INTP one. It's pretty good. 

I have a close INTP in my life. We never hang out because we're to introverted. But we're still good friends!I'm here to be sad with you =(If everyone else is sad, so must I be it's inside the mindwow great self reflectiondoes 'Ilu' mean I love you C:

Also maybe!!This might start a shit storm: 

I'm still not convinced that Daenaerys is not INFJ. &gt; And this!

Yes! Sometimes those things are very soothing for me to watch. I love how neat their handwriting is and the attention to detail. I wish I could do that. I HAVE NEVER FUCKING EXPLODED IN MY ENTIRE LIFE. HOW DARE YOU MAKE SUCH RASH, IRRESPONSIBLE, RUDE GENERALIZATIONS ABOUT ME. NEVER IN MY ENTIRE LIFE HAVE I EVER LASH OUT OR BEEN "TRIGGERED" BY UNRELATED THINGS. 

DON'T YOU DARE EVER SAY SOMETHING AS ATROCIOUSLY FOUL TO ME EVER AGAIN. Sounds like you're talking about ISFJs. 

or am I going crazy?INTJs could give a fuck if they wanted to, but typically don't while their hearts are small and weak. 

ENTJs have no fucks to give as they were never even born with a heart, let alone developed one. I am not going to say that INFJs aren't stubborn but that's just not a word I would have used to described one if you asked. But maybe that's just my misunderstanding? 

I think that all IxxJs get stuck in their own head and in their One True Way. The more unhealthy, the more stuck. When I was a shitty actor (people could argue I still am a shitty actor), I really struggled to see a different way of doing a script or a monologue or whatever. I wasn't being stubborn and thinking there was only one way, it just took me longer (much longer in the beginning) to realize that I can't start at the end of performances, I have to explore and search through the text. Some might say that's stubbornness I guess but I wasn't trying to defy other options, I just didn't see them. 

Si is the most stubborn function I have encountered. ISFJs like to do what they used to do because they know it works. Therefore, they are going to continue doing it. I have found ISFJ very resistant to change, especially if sparked by an outside party. Obviously, Si is always looking towards the future, I'm not saying they aren't, but they don't like to be told the way they are doing something, and always have been doing something, is wrong. 


I guess INFJ stubbornness is inferior Se not helping out. And ISFJ stubbornness is inferior Ne not helping out. That's a good point. Maybe it's because our first functions are opposites and we just don't understand each other (well). 

I wonder if Se doms think the same about me and having fun. It's also circumstantial. Every individual is different so who knowsI am! I want to have fun! But I don't know how =(

Well, it's not that extreme. Sometimes it feels like it thoughYou sound like an ISFJ.1. if you are between INFJ or INFP (two types that do not have the same functions whatsoever). It leads me to believe you are neither, and are a type that has a combination of the functions: ISFJ. 

2. The information you gave is similar to the information that other Si users give us for typing: typically unhelpful and very personally specific to the point where the information doesn't lead to a type. Most, if not all, of the information you gave is not type-specific and has nothing to do with MBTI. Si user tend to get very caught up in details of themselves "Well one time I did this soooo" when MBTI is more of an overall, big picture lay out of personality. =(The best way to type someone is through talking, or face to face. There's a chat that people do where you can get typed by a few people who really know their stuff. Because they jealous =(ESFJ!The issue is that I don't even have to speak, they automatically feel threatened and then try to clamp down on control. What happens is that they start to passive aggressively give me bad grades, then I go to their office hours, and they reveal that I have a bad attitude and don't like them and am aggressive or whatever. 

I just want to figure out how I can try to make them feel unthreatened because I'm never trying to threaten them or make them feel threatened. I just talk a lot in class and most professors tend to like that. 

I do theatre but not all of my classes are strictly acting classes so these people I'm referring to are from all of the humanities department. 

And today I am very =(That sounds terrible and like torture. I'm also a 4w3 so I don't think this is something I could ever do.Ugh I ain't about that shit. I am not going to butter someone up with fake compliments and fake kissing ass. My issues with ESTJs are different. They can't understand why I just don't do things effectively or why I have such radical, crazy opinions. 

I'm talking about ESFJs that passive aggressively give me bad grades, try to spin the situation to make it look like I'm the rude one, and make me feel like the terrible atmosphere is my fault. Most of the time after I explain myself there's different passive aggressive atmosphere of "well we don't do it the same way, and this class is almost over, so whatever". 

I work very well with ESFJs that I am friends with. We get along, can appreciate each other. Obviously, not all ESFJs are the same so it's not like I get along with all of them. But it's when an ESFJ is in a power position over me that it becomes an issue. I'm so confused because I'm never doing anything to harm them, or threaten them intentionally so it's always a big mess. 

I don't want to have to suck up to my teachers/professors. Every other professor has appreciated my hard work and my comments in class, except ESFJs. I'm a 4w3 so it's also really hard for me to just be fake. To pretend to be someone I'm not and act like I like or care about that shit. Okay, I'll work on it. I guess I have to work on having a warmer disposition. I'm here for you buddy =(GRRM is an INTP and King is INTJ in my opinion. Most of it comes from his book On Writing where he just came off as an INTJ. His wife is definitely INTJ if he isn't (or even if he is). A lot of it has to do with his perceptions of the present and the future reading very Ni to me. And his ability to constantly move forward. However, it's been a while since I read his book and I won't say I'm a King expert. 

(I would say I'm more of a GRRM expert)On of the reasons I emphaszied reading his writing is because he doesn't write the tv show. He wrote one episode for seasons 1-4 but all of the creative decisions are done by D&amp;D. The show is not his. And it's extremely inaccurate to try to base his type on anything in the show because it's just a completely different story at this point. 

I don't think ASOIAF rebels against Te, especially when you have Tywin Lanister, Ned Stark, and the love of the Te. However, all of those people are not as cool as the Ti users, specifically Tyrion (well, I think Tryion is ENTP in the books. I don't know what he is in the show but there always seems to be some controversy here).

GRRM never answers any of those questions though. He leaves them all ambiguous and up to interpretation. INFP John Green gives you a moral and you know how you are suppose to feel from his books. GRRM just leaves those moral questions up to the reader.

I don't think INTPs are always not interested in hope. 

My INTP friend can't even read GRRM because the writing is so similar to his and he's insecure about it. Maybe read like the first chapter and see if you feel the same way. If not, then that's probably not the best way to type a writer but I just can't see George as an INFP at all. Sorry my arguments were a little silly. I wrote this at like 3:30am, which is why they aren't very brilliant. 

I only brought up Green because people say that GRRM is an INFP. I wanted to contrast George with another INFP writer and you see their differences. I guess I didn't do it well. 

My INTP friend can pump out a paper at light speed when he's procrastinated the deadline. 

You think ASOIAF will have a happy ending? I wish I had that optimism. Everyone will be dead. 

You're right. I'm not good at arguing things that require details to back it up like on the internet. I'm better in person I swearyou're the only one that gets meI will have to disagree with you about Dumbledore being an INFJ. His huge character flaw is his thirst for power, which is not an INFJ quality. I have no discipline. okay well obviously I'm more goal oriented and have a perfectionism complex but that doesn't mean that I write every day at 9:00am like ESTP Hemingway did. 

I'm just lazy and rot with crippling self doubt and anxiety, therefore, not disciplined. Yeah it's all semantics. 

I guess if you compared me to my ESFP brother you could say I'm disciplined because I did things in a timely manner compared to him. However, we both got good grades, both did all of our work. 

I guess by definition J's are automatically and subconsciously disciplined but that almost implies that all Ps are set up for failure when it comes to the high expectations of discipline in society. no

but I watched the trailer just now. 

I'm going to guess all SJ types with an additional SP or NP here or there. Not INFJ =(Britney is an ESFJ. I have found that most people who are vegetarian or vegan are NF. That's just typical of the Ni-Fe or the Fi-Ne combo. I also know plenty who aren't NFs, but having Fe tends to help. nerimon/Alex Day, ENTP =Dhave you read the allegations or seen his video describing what happened? Because none claim rape. Yeah it became a huge debacle. A bunch of allegations against other youtubers are true of them raping and taking advantage of underage girls. Alex got kinda swept into it and didn't defend himself and left. He's back on youtube now just making a few videos here and there. Obviously him being a shitty boyfriend in those allegations is inexcusable but it's not rape and it destroyed a lot of things he had built for himself. 

He has a video describing how the people he thought were his friends just left him. it looks like he deleted it off of his channel with a whole host of other things. [here it is](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x27bibw_alex-day-the-past_webcam?GK_FACEBOOK_OG_HTML5=1). it's long so you may need to carve out some time to watch it.Yeah that's totally valid. It's all a bunch of speculation about something pretty serious. I just get this vibe from him that makes me feel okay following him. Like he's had a lot of transformations in the past about becoming a better person, and he still has the same personality but you can tell he's much more grounded and not such an asshole anymore. I don't know I just get this feeling. 

Either way I think people who do use their YouTube stardom to take advantage of young women should definitely be off of the site, like Mike Lombardo.I'm not cool enough for ESTPs =(Yeah, you don't have to be an NF to be a vegetarian, but it helps. Paul McCartney: ESFP

EDIT: Also, Archer is the pretty stereotypical person ESTPs want to be. I'm going to start making my own toothpaste. Bleach has been noted as a good whitener but this is the first time it's been recommended for use!But where do I start?I know.ESFJs, ISFJs, ESTJs, ISTJs all the time. It takes a while for them to like me. Especially because I supervise ESFJs and have no functions in common with ISTJs. Those are pretty heated hatreds. 
I haven't ever thought of it that way! I tend to just binge on chocolate or something. It would be better to think of it that way. =)INFJs =(Are we sure Liz Lemon isn't an ISTJ? Most prophets are typed as INFJ, they just give off the vibe and say spiritual things oh so common of the INFJ. But we don't actually know what these people were like when they weren't preaching. Mohammad had a lot of wives and gabbled and also spoke with gob. Just because he spoke with god doesn't make him an INFJ (I feel very similarly to all other prophers stereotyped this way)Oh they're here they just don't know itNO 
This person does not have Ni-Te or Ni or even Te. 

They are most likely an ESFJ. Okay well I really think that is a terrible example to try to determine someone's type. Who the fuck wouldn't say "to be or not to be". MBTI isn't about small little details and little details moments like that. It's inherently big picture stuff. There isn't a tiny little trick like that to help people determine their type. And you're right, it's really bias and just inaccurate. 

Whatever function the person is using in the video is his function stack. You don't just use one at a time. He sounds like he's really pushing for people to think he uses Ni. He keeps trying to drop buzz words like "research" and "Oh I already knew about it". He also is taking a really long time in this video and embellishing the story. Ni doesn't typically need that. It just knows. It's short and to the point. Michael Pierce (well known and respected MBTI person on youtube, potential INFJ) makes pretty concise and short videos about these very large topics. 

I'm still going to go with my gut that he's an ESFJ who, maybe because he is male and society wants him to be more Te or something, really and honestly thinks that he's an NJ so he keeps going out and seeking validation to prove it.  

Yes you can be an INTJ and worry about other people. You're human. INTJs are also human. People are stupid and don't understand MBTI and they put it into small boxes of "there's no way Te could think about others! That's Fe!" It's just people who doesn't understand it. Inferior Fi and Se will think about others in a different way then say Si and Fe. Anxiety is also not rational so like anyone can have it and it's not going to change your MBTI. Ni and Si are the anxiety functions. So it's really stupid for people to say you can't be an INTJ and worry. And you don't sound like an INFJ if you really struggle that much with connecting to people.INFJs representing that crippling empathy Oh I am SO SORRY you didn't feel special enough when you commented the first time. Did you bring it up to the mods? We're all here to make you feel special and important and it's such a travesty that you weren't feel super special snowflake unique that day. Thank the good lord that you feel special nowlol ESFJs need to learn that they're not ENFJs. 

INFPs need to learn that they're not INFJs. We're a most ideal match =DProbably that it's okay if they don't fit in and that they should take their time to find their Group rather than conforming and putting others first to fit inI know ENFJs who fit in with people when if they don't like them. My best friend wastes her time conforming to her environment of SFJs and feels left out. I guess that's what I was getting atSJs and NJs are naturally going to approach something almost oppositely so it's not horribleness more than a natural misunderstanding and natural difference. 

Yeah, that makes sense. ESFJs put a lot of emphasis on family/friends, and their social circle. I find that they do a good job maintaining it. ESFJs typically look for authenticity and true relationships. 

ENFJs have a social circle but they tend to just conform into one, instead of finding all of the other NJs or people that are more like them. ENFJs are more focused on status and being with the right people that they forget to focus on themselves and give themselves what they need. 

You completely missed my point. I'm sorry if I upset you or something, because the tone of your comment sounds like I touched a nerve. 

I did not say that NJs only get along with NJs. Obviously people get along with people that have similar or the same functions as them. That's what most of MBTI is based off of. In that sense, NJs will naturally get along with other NJs better than SJs. That doesn't mean they can't be friends, or not get along with other individuals or anything like that. 

I was simply saying that ENFJs (most if not all, not just my friend), forget about themselves. They put most of their energy into other people, some times superficially, sometimes religiously, sometimes friendly. It's the nature of the Fe-Ni, it focuses on others. ENFJs know what other people want from them so they give it to them. There are naturally more SJs in the world so naturally ENFJs find themselves with SJs that are in the status circle they want to be in, or have the connections they want (simple life stuff). ENFJs will conform, and think that they have to be friends with these people because they're nice, or they're sweet, or they're friendly, whatever. An example would be in a classroom, ENFJs will go out of their way to be friends with people even if they aren't **compatible**. 

ENFJs will often express that something is missing from their friends. There is something about them that makes them different, and stand out a little bit. It's because they have surrounded themselves with people who don't think like they do, or have similar goals like they do. 

And obviously this isn't everyone. You just asked me what ENFJs need to learn, that's all. MBTI is about archetypes, big picture, and generalizations anyway. 

Also, you made a pretty large generalization that all SJs are "conforming" and "settling" and that that is "horrible". How come you can make a generalization about SJs but I can't give a lesson to ENFJs without you claiming I'm generalizing? I would argue that not ALL SJs settle and not ALL conform and that it's extremely rude to say that doing so is horrible. I would even say that if you are concerned with always moving, maybe not having a family, and want to travel, than of course the that might be horrible, but that's such a negative way of looking at a quarter of the MBTI types. 

No one, or at least most people, don't consciously say  "Oh I'm going to hang out with this friend group, conform, and then my status will be risen." It's the big picture of the situation. It's unconscious. And people break out of it. And some people only do it once in their life, some not at all. I wasn't writing the one true biography of every ENFJ that has ever walked this planet. lol that's not what I said at all Common ground, avoidance of conflict, that's all in there which conforming. I guess conforming has a connotation of "anti materialism" but I'm glad you picked up that that's not what I was saying. Yes. Thank you. I never said that ENFJs don't have agency. They do this through their own actions. They don't just float down a stream and end up somewhere, like you seem to be suggesting. I didn't say that at all.

Also, MBTI is literally all about archetypes and generalizing people. Now that I'm an ISTP, I don't care eitherTomorrow I have to get up early for work so maybe an ISTJ thank you for respecting my cultureYes! Live your dreams!Then on Monday you can be the ISFJ who somehow manages to do all of them!as long as we're still best buddies!No! =(When I was an INFJ I was 4 intelligence and 0 looks. 

Now that I'm an ISTP I'm a solid 5 all around. yes it was I love being able to just choose my MBTIESTP is the supervisor of the INTP so they are bound not to be compatible but also, everything the INTP does looks 20x stupider to the ESTP. He just has to realize that his son is wired differently than he is. It will take a lot of communication. None of the reasons you gave would cancel out INFP. Don't read the descriptions because they're very bias and an online test can prove very inaccurate (as shown by your multiple results). None of the things you listed such as investigating or solving puzzles are really specific to types either. Like yeah I could see some types liking that more than others but that wouldn't rule out any types of me if someone said they don't like puzzles. 

If you could give more information about yourself that is more about your personality as a whole and who you are daily that would be more helpful. 

Start by looking at the cognitive functions and go from there. I think a lot of SJs are turned off by the descriptions of them just say in that they're rule followers or that they don't question authority and that they're just sheeple. Theyre human beings with more thought than tat. That's why I think a lot of SJs "identify" with an NJ profile because it's what they think they are or is easier to accept for themselves. You're right: this stems from the lack of understanding of Ni and Si. People simply don't get it, even those who have one. You add the terrible descriptions in there, and boom. SJs thinking they're NJs because they'd rather think of themselves as a thoughtful human than a drone. Nope and nope. 

Marriage isn't for me. Fuck that.  And especially fuck weddings. 

I'm not religious so I have no affiliation to any of these rituals or traditions. It's all a system of selling women and I'm not a fan of that

So never and not for me. Yeah fuck that too. Like I get the want to get married for the tax breaks but government shouldn't be involved at all. I wouldn't get married and I wouldn't have a wedding. 

If, for some reason, my So wanted to get married, or there was some necessity, sure, I'll consider it. But I wouldn't want a wedding or anything like that. It might be more useful to think of it in the opposite direction. Ne-Si. What happens, is when Ne users look to the future, they see every possibility, and it's all unweighted. So, especially tert Ne users and inferior Ne users, when they look towards the future it's very hazy, and not well developed. They don't know what could happen and that will give them anxiety. So, because they don't know what they do, they do what they know: Si. They do what they know worked in the past because they have proof of how the outcome will be. No matter what the outcome is they are familiar with it and that's more comfortable than the anxiety of the unknown. yes duhUh Tupac!lol calm down you really need an appreciation for the culture to get into itthey're ALL extroverts and there's so much Se going aroundThanks! I think people get pretentious about trashy tv. Like it's just trashy tv that's all Italian, jersey, ghetto cultural. it's something I've always grown up around so like these people are like my cousins or my aunt or something. It's like a funny family reunionthanks!! I didn't think this was going to get such a negative reactionOkay, so just because other people hate the show and call it trashy, therefore, I should also hate the show and also not wonder what their MBTI is?I get a lot of backlash for liking reality tv. But I didn't expect to get any backlash for talking about the MBTI of the people on the show. We don't need to discuss the show. You don't need to like the show to talk about someone's MBTI. Also, the attacks became personal. You're all of a sudden assuming I live under a rock because of ONE tv show preference. Like all of that is really ridiculous eh I don't know I guess I just gave everyone the benefit of the doubt and din't think it was a big dealThanks! It's one of those classic reality shows that always stays in my mind. I used to casually watch a lot of them when I was in middle school and high school. I just don't care what other people think about these things. that's not going to stop me from liking itsorry if that came off as angry or that I took anything as an attack or personal. I really don't give a shit it's not a big deal I just think people are overthinking typing a group of people for no reasonI could see that! Ronnie is the one I'm struggling with the most. He's so easily manipulated by Sammi. What about ISFP?He has a smaller personality than the rest but he was younger than they are (youngest I think) and still reminds a lot of an ESFP even if he isn't Pauly DMindy Kaling is NOT ENTJ. She's ESFJ all the way  (read two of her books). I've gotten much more positive responses to my comments when I put the ISTP flair up. This sub hates INFJs I've gotten much more positive responses to my comments when I put the ISTP flair up. This sub hates INFJs I would say ESTJ =(No!!!!!!!! 

Hogwarts house has nothing to do with your personality type. It's about what you value most! 

Hermione was obvious very smart but she valued courage above all else: Gryffindor. 
Lockhart was obviously an idiot but he valued knowledge above all else: Ravenclaw
Snape obvious was brave but he valued ambition above all else: Slytherin 
Cedric was obvious courageous but he valued loyalty above all else: Hufflepuff

Damn did anyone read the books? Go and read book 1 and book 4 sorting hat songs for sources. I can't even drink milk 

-Vegan INFJ who has a panic attack when they accidentally lie I have nothing against ISTJs. 

I see exactly what you're saying about me giving off mixed signals. Sometimes I'm just not in the moment enough to realize what's happening. However, I do shut this down really quickly. If I can't sniff out that they're an Ni-fetishizing ISTJ right away, it typically comes to the surface and I cut contact. 

But like I said in the OP. The issue isn't these guys liking me. The issue is that they're the only people I'm attracting. YES supervise me. 

I think I'm bummed that the only group of people intersted in me is a group of people I'm not interested in. And because they're the only people intersted in me I assume they're the only people I can attract. And, maybe I wasn't clear, I'm not actively in the dating world nor am I actively putting myself out there. So I guess it's not like I'm putting myself out there and these are the only people responding. I guess it's just a hit to my self esteem...? If you re-read my OP, you'll see that my issue isn't with these people, it's with myself. I'm not upset that these people are intersted in me. It's that the only people intersted in me is one sub-group of people that fetish my Ni. So obviously I empathize with them and cut contact because things aren't going to work out. 

And this also isn't a "why am I still single" post. I was just looking for outside advice as to why the only people intersted in me are those only interested in my Ni. 

You are also the first person in my entire life that has ever called me nasty. I don't convey myself very well on the internet, or over text. I'm much better in person. But I didn't say anything in my OP that would define me as such. No, I'm sorry, maybe I'm explaining this incorrectly. That's not how things typcially work out. 

I meet a person. We hit it off. We're talking and maybe flirting and everything is okay. Then, when it comes to maybe why they like me or why they're intersted in me, the answer is always because I'm "intellectually stimulating" and "I have such a unique way of thinking"  and it has nothing to do with who I actually am as a person. They're just fascinated by the way I think in a way that is festishizing in my opinion. So I cut it off, whatever, it's not going to work out. 

Again, it's not these people I'm upset with. I'm not mad at these people are all! I'm not mad that I gave them attention and they reciprocated!

I don't think that Ni is superior or super smart or anything like that. And I'm not trying to imply that either. 

Obviously I'm failing at this. lol okay thank you never mind I'm not explaining myself well. You're right about everything except I don't think I explained the fetish very well.  You're right that if I want to attract anyone I do have to put time and effort into things. And I'm not offended that people are intersted in me for the way I think. You're right that is more flattering than being into my appearance. 

however, these people aren't intersted in the way that *I* think. They're just fascinated with Ni. They don't give a shit about the things that I give a shit about. They don't actually want to get to know me. They're just like "oh I've never met anyone that thinks like  you" not in an endearing way, in a fetishized way that makes me uncomfortable. It's really hard to explain over text and I've obviously been doing a poor job of it in this thread. Yeah I see what you're saying. And you're definitely hitting on something. It's definitely not condescending for someone to appreciate my mind instead of just my body. I totally see that. 

I just don't think I'm explaining the fetish thing very well. I use that word because that's how it feels. I don't feel like an individual when they talk to me. It's a weird fascination with Ni, not with myself. They don't care about the things I care about or getting to know me. Statistically, they may have only had very limited contact with a person who has Ni and so it's new to them. 

I almost feel used for my thoughts when talking to people who have this fetish. I makes me really uncomfortable. 

However, I see what you're saying when it comes to being realistic. They don't have a mission or a purpose and I would qualify them as losers only in the sense of lack of accomplishment. Or even going after someone much younger than them in a "I can't get someone my own age" way. Loser might be too harsh but I don't know. They don't really have ambition. Maybe that's a better way of saying it. 

And yes. I feel immediately smothered. Which definitely scares me. Maybe I'm giving mixed signals but they jump in very quickly. 

And for your last question:... maybe? I don't know I guess. Yes, I could be wrong. 

I just get a feeling about it. I can typically tell when someone is fetishizing me over it and someone just likes me. This one guy told me that I was going to end his starvation for intellectual stimulation. (verbatim his words). That's too much for me. That's not a "oh she's quirky" (which I'm not implying that I am), that's something else. This was also his attempt at trying to get me to keep talking to him after I had made it clear I didn't want to anymore. 

Maybe my perception of these people could get better. Maybe I am being high and mighty about it. But I really think there's something to this fetishizing thing and I think my initial question was more about why are the only people intersted in me the people who fetishize me? Maybe that's a ridiculous questionMaybe it's just a deep rooted fear of Limerence...? 

Maybe I'm just over thinking the whole thing (surprise). 

This obviously isn't something I say to them. I never say "oh hey you're just fetishizing me for my Ni". But I guess the whole situation freaks me out so much and then I get down on myself that this is my own interaction with limerence. I'm not asking for empathy or sympathy so no need to feel bad for me. 

I've always had this issue in school (like elementary and middle school), where I'm nice to the person who doesn't have any friends. 50% of the time they're just really normal people and just needed to make that one friend before they blossom and move on. And then there's the other 50% of people that really really struggle to make friends and then attach onto that one friend they have forever . This is middle school I'm talking about though. 

So maybe this is just a similar thing of I'm being nice to someone and I'm not consciously thinking in the moment "Oh they don't have friends let me lead them on" but that might be what's happening. I'm definitely working on therapy! 

I think what your describing is what I'm trying to describe with this whole thing. I don't want to be treated that way, especially when it's unfounded and based off of nebulous bullshit. At least, that's what it feels like at the time. So I would say I'm definitely afraid of being treated that way. Because of the Si vs Ni and the Te vs Fe I just don't really get along with ISTJs. They typically hate me or do this weird fetish thing. So I think the type issue is just a fundamental misunderstanding of the other person on both sides. I don't think I'm compatible with ISTJs, even as friends or as team members or something. I have had successful friendships with ISTJs but there's a great lack of understanding between us.

I don't really see them engaging. I don't see them doing extra curricular things, creating something on their own. Their life plan comfortably leads them into retire (i can only assume, this is a generalization of these people) and I know exactly what I want to do and I don't want to settle. I guess that's it. They seem like people who have already settled at the age of like 19 or in one case 30.  I'll drop the word fetish if that's what's causing a lot of the miscommunication. 

That's definitely the issue. People are more intersted in the idea of who I am, than who I actually am. And that's uncomfortable to me. 

I do let them go easy. And once I realize that that's what's happening, I end it. 

I think the issue is I don't really engage in the dating scene and then I'm upset with the people who actively engage with me because it's not who I really am. Maybe this would change if I did engageI think I'm going to have to start. I need to push myself. I've really receded when I started college, became really depressed and overworked, and just gave up on all aspects of my appearance and dating. I didn't have any time to date and wasn't meeting anyone I wanted to date on a daily basis so I just figured if it was meant to be it was meant to be. But, i'll be graduating soon, and moving on with my life. The dating scene terrifies me. It makes me really uncomfortable and I have no idea how to enter it or what to do. But I do know that it's something I'm going to have to engage with eventually. I think the common advice I'm getting is that if I want another type of attention then I have to actually engage in the dating world and if this is the type of attention I'm getting, I need to let these people down easy. Not that I haven't been but just realize what the issue is sooner. Or not engage with them at all. 

I definitely get crushes on people but not in like two-three years. I've really removed myself from all of thatlol thank you! I appreciate your help! 

I think that I will have time to work on this side of me once school is over. It's something I haven't been able to actually think about, and now that school is ending, I can think about it in actual terms. I'm really at the beginning phases of this but we'll see where I goDo think Mike is ENFJ and not ESTP? Hmmm could you elaborate? Yeah I totally see what you're getting at, and we obviously agree on the functions he uses, we just disagree on the order. I don't see the anxiety and the judger quality that comes with Ni as a dom or an aux at all in him. I'm not saying he doesn't have anxieties but the Ni anxiety if very distinct and it's very distinct in STPs. It comes out of long splurges of not thinking about consequences at all and then BAM oh! Ni! He seems so in the moment to me and so focused on controlling the room and the atmosphere. He definitely takes the driver's seat, or at least tries to. And I think we both recognize that, especially when you considered ESTJ, but to me, it's a very jersey thing. It's very much a welcoming into the home, being Dad, taking a care of people. And ENFJs don't command a room or step up and become Dad in the same way, you know? I thin Mike is way too Immediate Pleasures focused. I don't think he's thinking as far ahead as you're giving him credit for. He's also way more laid back than an ENFJ. ENFJs, although they have fun and can hang loose, are high strung people with that Ni. Mike is not that way. When Vinny pulls a prank on him at the end of Season 1, Mike is SUCH a good sport about it. The ONLY thing ESTPs are good sports about is stupid shit like pranks, and memes, and that bullshit but they LOVE laughing at demise, even their own. I don't know if I'm explaining this right. I think it's really hard to type him because of his drug use, to be honest. A person is very different when they're not using. Even though I hear you, I still see him as ESTP. Maybe that's because of his drug use, and just the genre of the show. Of course some bros at the Jersey Shore are going to come off as really ESTP. I'll definitely be more open minded about him being ENFJ and keep thinking about it. I'll watch more candid interviews with him too and see where he is now. You don'tI know 3 INFJs and one is myself. I'm sure they're mistyped. It's such a common type for people to want to be and to think they are. The lonely, misunderstood, type I guess is attractive to people, I don't know. It's a time I guess that's easy for people to identify with. Also, because it's rare and weird it's hard to actually know what INFJs are. So just because someone seems like an INFJ, the first question is, do you actually know what an INFJ is? Most people don't but whatever Right but if you've never met a Ni dom and was like "oh that's an Ni dom" then you'll not know what an Ni dom is when you see one and so people just think someone is an INFJ because they're vegetarians or something[removed][removed]I supervise ESFJs and whenever I am a student of an ESFJ professor or work for ESFJs they immediately feel intimidated and the relationship becomes terrible. This is never as big of an issue when we're on equal footing. 

How would I (or anyone) go about handling this power relation?I would like to take the time to debunk any theories that exist of GRRM, the writing of the ASOIAF series, is anything but an INTP. I will do so by contrasting him with well known INFP author, John Green, as for some reason, people think he's an INFP.. 

Ti Ne Si Fe

INTPs, because of their function stake, lack emotional self awareness and emotional awareness of others. This does not mean that all INTPs have a mental disorder inhibiting them from understanding emotions. Fi (personal subjective, logic) is their last function of 8, meaning, by definition, they will struggle with their own feelings and emotions. When I say struggle I mean to understand, define, and reflect on. INTPs have opinions. It's just that INTPs have undeveloped feelings. 

Fi Ne Si Te

INFPs, if giving the opportunity, will fully engage in a conversation about their own feelings, their self deprecation, their emotions, their values, their morals. They have such a well developed understanding of their feelings as it is literally their first function. The INFP is not an emotional wreck, quite the opposite. The INFP has a composed understanding of their feelings. Sometimes the "too cool to care" INFP can be mistaken for an INTP, however, the INFP still knows how their feel about something, and still so obviously care. 

On to the good stuff. 

From my experience writing with an INTP friend of mine, (and having Ti myself), writing is a slow, excruciating process. It took my INTP friend 2 hours to write one email ( a paragraph) because every word, every phrase, every sentence, had to be perfect. Not perfect like perfectly aligned. But fit within the big picture. GRRM, although writing at the same speed of word percentage as JKR, writes extremely slowly, with his very special monitor and word processor. He cannot write on trips. He can only write on this special special computer. His writing style is what he calls A Gardner (vs an Architect, which would be INFJ JKR). He likes to plant a seed and care for his garden and see how it grows. He doesn't like to know the ending of the book while he's writing it. 

Now, in the previous paragraph, I have explained how he is an NP at the least. Very go with the flow with his writing style, but has Si habits of writing and is a little all over the place. It's also not too hard to draw the conclusion that he's introverted by his past of writing fantasy cards instead of playing fantasy card games with his friends. But we'll get to that. 

If you have ever watched any interview with GRRM (here are [1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhWE3gXoDUw), [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbaslypgyWk), [3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaPZGDlm2F4) examples), he does not like to talk about himself, he barely discusses his own writing process or his personal life. He is obsessed, however, with the story he is trying to tell. He rambles on and on about the story we have already read or scene, and he is often unaware of the room's potential boredom or just doesn't care. He loves to talk about this story in his head (hence him writing it). He wants to expand, and expand his story (not to mention the once trilogy, now 7 book series that may or may not get finished?), not talk about personal crap, or even his own opinions about politics or the rest of the world. He's not about the personal shit. 

If you have read his books (again, I repeat myself, if you have read his books, not just seen the TV about his books), you will understand that his books aren't very feely, or touchy. I don't think a hug has happened once since Ned left Winterfell. George is not intersted in the fluffy stuff. The most amazing element of his writing, in my opinion, is to create a characteristic of a character they become dependent on, and then take it away (SPOILER examples: Ned leaving Winterfell, Jamie losing his hand, ect). His writing is very long, and you need a lot of patience to read his 1,200 page books. His Ti forces him to try to find this perfection in his story and in his writing that keeps expanding in his garden of a story. There is no inferior Te or some one trying to make sense of a situation. It is brutal. It is honest. The only fantasy in the books is the magic, which, even GRRM has questioned the validity of. Ti has a habit of following a thread to the very, very end. Ti users want to know the very begins. For some, that's the purest element. For others, it's big picture. Regardless, there is some sort of aspect of searching for the purest elements in ASOIAF, and not so much about feelings, romantic mishaps, or general fluff. He's searching for the grit in society. 

All right, now on to John Green. For those who don't know, John Green has a very active presence on the internet through his Youtube channel the vlogbrothers, while also having a prolific career as a Young Adult author. His books (Looking for Alaska, The Fault in Our Stars, and Paper Towns to name the most popular ones) are all about young teen romances that end kinda sadly. They are very fluffy, they lack any depth past the human experience, and they all end in a way to make one feel melancholy. His books are well written for the Young Adult audience but nothing ground breaking or revolutionary like ASOIAF so it's hard to compare the two (however, there's a very big difference between Jamie in ASOIAF losing his hand that was literally his whole life sword fighting and a character dying of cancer we knew he had the whole book). However, Green's inclination to write about romance, teenage love, the teenage experience, fluffy life moments, and happens appeals to him as an INFP. He is very idealist, and very focused on his own feelings. On his YouTube channel he is known for sharing his own opinions and idealistic views of the world (two very common traits of the INFP) (examples [1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77C47XYm_3c) and [2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-enGOMQgdvg)) Also, just contrasting the mannerisms, vocal patterns, and just overall persona of George and John. They are very different. 

Please stop typing GRRM as anything other than INTP. He is extremely focused on the perfection of his story, he is taking a very long time to write it, he has expanded and expanded it, his story is brutally honest, and almost too honest. He does not have a fluffy side or a side where he cares at all about his emotions. If you read ASOIAF, the character's aren't even emotional. It's all about consequences of actions, and it's George's NT mind that invents such extreme consequences. He does not like to talk about his personal life, nor does he share his idealistic opinions about the outside world. 

Some people have been typing GRRM as an INFP. John Green, a very well known INFP author, is almost GRRM's opposite in his writing style, writing habits, and in his disclosure of his personal. He shares his family, thoughts, and opinions on his youtube channel for 10 years now. Just look at the difference in how Green and GRRM handle themselves in the example videos. Very different. 

TL;DR Please please please stop tying GRRM as anything other than INTP. It has gotten fucking ridiculous at this point. I have trouble giving myself the little things that make situations more comfortable and better. Like today, I added garlic powder to my stir fry and it make it a lot better like why else am I missing out on? 

Thank you &lt;3 =DSeeing as we can just choose what type we want to be, I am changing mine. 

I am now an ISTP. 

PSA over. DJ Pauly D: ESFP

Sammi "Sweetheart": ESFJ

Mike "The Situation": ESTP

Vinny: ESFP

Snookie: ESFP

Jenni "JWOW": ESTP

Ronnie: ~~ESFP~~ ISFJ

Angelina: ESFJ

I love the Jersey Shore and just decided to rewatch the first season. 

What do y'all think? 

EDIT: formatting and Ronnie's type[removed][removed]
yeah but I wouldn't rely on stereotypes either lolno one actually knows anything lolCould this potentially be true for ENTPs who have Fe third? My friend is an ENTP (or so I think) and he gets this way all the time.Just took this and am wondering are these results socionic typings (INTj, INFp, INTp) or mbti typings (INTJ, INFP, INTP)? If I'm trying to type myself what do you think would be a good starting point based off these results? Functions are harder to pin with these three...xDCool thank you. I've been planning on reading Psychological Types.sounds possibly like Ni?Bran Stark, Daenerys Targaryen, Shinji Ikari, Kurapika, and Professor X."I feel as though knowing one's quotes one lives by is more an accurate description of one's personality than even mbti. State your type too."

jk I don't really like quotesCool seeing another ssbm follower here. Leffen is one of my favorite players (along with PPMD). So you're under the assumption that he is an INTJ/ILI INTp?

edit: to be fair I think anyone of any quadra type would be upset if they had to deal with these visa issues though I see your point.I agree that Gon is more likely a Fi user than an Fe user. L7k5u8 what type do you think Kurapika is?Why do you think he doesn't value Se?I see where you're coming from with these. Though I think Ging is INTP based off his conversation with Cheadle in the chairman arc. Killua is a weird case because it feels like his character develops so much in the show. The more I think about it the more I see him being an extrovert but while ESTP makes sense I feel like theres a hint of Fi? Agree on Leorio, Hisoka, and Merium. Chrollo I see as INTJ. Idk about gon rn. Thought he was ESFP. Maybe not.What? I'm pretty sure second sentence has always been associated with Se.rouge or mage. NEVER warrior lol.People who can just get stuff done always impress me. One of my friends I always have to compete in this thing against is an ESTJ and he makes its so hard. Always so perfect and consistent. Ugh lol. I've thought that I could be an Si user at times. Is strong nostalgia usually a thing linked to Si? Or is that inconclusive?ENTJfearfulNGE is my favorite seriesFrom my experience ESTJs can also be very self absorbed. Feel like both ESTJs and INFJs actually pursue similar things but go about it in very different ways/with different thinking.Yeah but then she sorta fills this role where she helps run club behind the scene like Kyoya but is much more animated like Tamaki and devises crazy ideas and schemes. Feels Ne to me.Why INTP for Haruhi? I felt like she had very strong Se.Just seems like theres numerous episodes where Haruhi picks up on real world words/actions that others don't notice to solve numerous cases (examples: why twins are fighting, why mori is being so hard on honey, etc.). Maybe this is actually more Ni (?) but always felt Haruhi was more practical/grounded when compared to some of the others. Felt like the series really showed the Se + Ti combination in Haruhi.

Of course maybe I'm completely off. Fairly new to mbti.and a helluva lot of confused turbulents trying to type themselveshttps://www.16personalities.com/articles/identity-assertive-vs-turbulentThis almost sounds like Ni. In my mind Ne would be more likely to jump from a bubble to b bubble without making an ab bubble. Going from single to many. Whereas forming an ab bubble is uniting the two with some universal idea, hence, from many to one. You could be describing possibly well developed tertiary Ni. Obviously though it's hard to just base that off nuances in one comment of yours so I'd be more interested in hearing about your thoughts towards possible use of Ne. I don't really see that addressed in your post (your writing style may suggest Ne but don't think that's as reliable?). repressing their animalistic tendencies consciously or unconsciously? Thank you. This is the kind of thing I was looking for. I also just saw your comment on which grouping provides better contrast which was also insightful.yeah definitely me as well.I like mage/rogue. Don't really do the standard knight. In shooters I typically go with more slow, methodical sniper or the total opposite and do kamikaze sub machine gun/assault rifle. 

Similar to what /u/anomaly023 was saying if I'm in a group game like Overwatch I NEVER pick a type of hero that are team already has. Always try and balance it (in my mind like Fe vs Fi haha).lmao this is exactly what L7k5u8 is talking aboutI don't think there is anything wrong with acknowledging oneself as being objective or right (though I think rarely is there right and wrong) but more that what irks people is when one feels the need to always demonstrate to others that they are correct. In the presence of someone like this the other feels they can't simply state how they feel or a hunch they might have without having to fact check everything. Of course others thrive for this kind of communication BECAUSE everything needs to be fact checked. I've tried breaking down this difference in attitude by functions but exceptions are too obvious. That or my experiences I have with people that I use as data are experiences with people I'm mistyping. Interesting because I definitely don't feel that way about Se. I love Se. 

Whereas in the case that I am an INFJ I definitely feel that way with Te. I could care less. I think the reason I thought I could be INTP is that I have well developed Ti.I don't think type/functions are 100% synonymous with behavior. My ENTP friend also goes on similar rants (or at least in regards to the second video).These provided the most clarity for me. Worth checking out.

http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2014/05/ni-si-and-self-delusion/

http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2016/08/infj-vs-isfj/no mans sky = mindless resource gathering aka perfect mbti discussion game lol

I'll see you there!I've been playing and really enjoying it too when I can actually initiate inferior se mode haha. The exploration is rad!can confirmenfps can admit they're wrong? loljust force yourself to play a lot of gta it'll get betterYes. These are the descriptions people need to be spreading. Maybe I'm being a bit pessimistic but I hate when people just say DAE feel psychic and know all the secrets to the universe? And act like they're not patting themselves on the back or something. I cringe.I can understand where people are coming from when they find describing their own definition for "essence" of ideas, theories, etc. or hunches/aha moments challenging but just framing it how you put it is a whole lot better than just saying psychic or what was the other one I saw around here? Feeling like a ghost in a machine? Lol. They act as if they are describing themselves but really are just making themselves more distant/mysterious. Which if intentional is rather pretentious...Huh? Every sentence comes out like some kind of well written film script? 

For me it's usually some form of [blah blah blah](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqOsrniBooQ).You're correct (I think). Description seems to be defining Ni + Rational Function but I think the positive reaction to the post has to deal with the portion that does talk refer directly to Ni (identifying essence of something/experiencing hunches/aha moments) and also the fact that Ni + Rational Function could provide greater clarity for some.Thanks for the clarification. Makes a lot of sense.So Ne always goes with Si (Ne/Si). Ni always goes with Se (Ni/Se). Se and Ne both can look similar so it's easier to look at what they are paired with.

Because you feel you could somewhat relate to Ni but not Si you likely use Se and Ni. ESFP seems like a good fit. This type leads with Se (a function you felt strongly about) and has Ni as inferior function (function you felt was reasonable but not as strong hence inferior function).

ESFP: Se Fi Te Ni

If you feel that strongly about Ne you should look into how Si works as an inferior function in ENFPs and see if it fits. To me perceiving functions were the hardest to figure out and took the most research.Oh come on there are way too many factors for these statements to hold any weight as they are.My phrasing feels really awkward/awful and I apologize for that.

1. I respect people who are friendly to everyone, open minded, not quick to judge, etc. When it comes to organizations/groups I respect those that pave their own path and make a difference in the world.

2. People who are stubborn, turn everything into an argument, who can't see multiple viewpoints, unaccepting of others.

3. My memory for little details is pretty terrible except for these random moments where a certain experience pops back into my mind because it relates to the topic at hand or helps further a conversation.

4. Guess as of lately I've been researching a lot of MBTI and thinking a lot about theory behind it. Been reading Psychological Types. I do think a lot about relationships. Ex: spending time trying to take how one's passion about something can be compared to someone else's passion for something that while completely contradictory can be used for mutual understanding. More intellectual pursuits are also very interesting to me but more as a hobby. Ex: games like chess. I have more hobbies than most but usually can just focus on one or two at a time. Find myself working on each one in little bursts to where I can push myself to a further level. That said while I have more hobbies than most it is more that I find joy in trying to figure out what makes said hobby great/well acclaimed and seeing how it relates to others. I achieved world class level in one said hobby and found this essence of what makes it tick and find enjoyment in searching for this essence in other hobbies. I enjoy trying to find what is great about something rather than just for sensory pleasure. Also enjoy thinking about the future and have a everything will work out attitude but then get irritated when I have to take action/worry about details that lead to the future.

5. I enjoy listening and asking questions more, however, if one doesn't have a great knowledge of something specific I do like teaching.

6. Didn't really have a specific conversation in my mind. Though I do get frustrated when friends don't understand mbti by functions and instead letters and wish I could teach them without seeming like a know it all lol.

7. If it's just something small I probably won't confront them (if stranger) or (if friend) just try and open up a casual discussion about it. If it's something drastic that is negatively affecting people I will sometimes call them out and can find myself acting rather uncharacteristically. Angry, frustrated, etc.

8. I feel open to new ideas, however, just not when it is contradicting what I was already planning to do. In this sense I like routine/consistency but I'm not really stubborn about it and if I know ahead of time I'm going to travel/try something new it's exciting and fun to adapt. Though if it's on the spur of the moment ex: my friend tries to get me to go to a party or something right when I got back from campus and was planning to just chill/do something else it bothers me. I guess this maybe contradicts the idea of adaptation? That said I found myself sometimes still following through with these activities if I feel the person may be disappointed. I have a hard time saying no sometimes and can be taken advantage of.

9. I think people who know me well would describe me as spaced out, intellectual, but also emotionally turbulent. They know that I want what is best for people despite not always going out of my well to help others. For people who don't know me I'd probably just be described as quiet/reserved. I have a really hard time describing exactly what I'm thinking and want to express so I try and choose my words carefully. That said it usually ends up sounding like nonsense or contrary to my actions as if I didn't plan out what I intended to say. In intellectual conversations I like to have a sense of direction and only speak of other topics if it provides itself as an analogy, shares a similar principle, paves way for understanding, etc. I often describe ideas in vague terms and get frustrated if I have to back up ideas with details especially if they are well observed in the world/universal. I hate when people interrupt me and I rarely interrupt others. How hard is it for me to get out of bed/or out of relaxation? Very. Wanting to get out of bed because burst of energy/need to do something? Sometimes, but not as frequently.

10. Sometimes this happens with my friend when watching a movie/tv series. Sometimes I pause it and say oh man based off how these past couple scenes have gone I could see this being a plausible outcome. I'm not sure if it's because I'm poorly explaining it but he usually thinks that I'm explaining what I think just happened in the scene we just watched and sidetracks the conversation to clarify some plot points or something.

11. I feel like I'm rather optimistic and give everything a chance so it probably takes me longer than some. I don't immediately know if something is/isn't for me. Though I don't think I take as long as some people? Ex: can't figure out if someone I've been romantically interested for around 9 months is right for me. Gone back and forth. I'm a very indecisive person and usually try and figure things out on my own. I like feeling independent but usually I just bottle things up, fail to figure stuff out, or/and make no progress. So usually me on my own is a negative thing and leaves me in a state of self doubt/indecisiveness. Thus talking things through with people can be very helpful especially if they're more decisive than I am. I haven't really had any HUGE life changes so I guess it's hard to say if it's easy to adapt or not. That or I guess I've easily adapted? Lol. Not sure. Own decisions and opinions vs external circumstances is too difficult to answer.

12. 20, Male, US

Thanks for taking the time!- INFJ

- Differing views

- I prefer more a mix of competition and collaboration. Collaboration to merge two sides to form a coin and competition in the rare case where there is no coin (or to explore the possibility that there may not be one). Competition is also useful to raise the other/one's own side to a level where collaboration then becomes feasible.
These links may be helpful!

http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2014/05/ni-si-and-self-delusion/
http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2016/08/infj-vs-isfj/(20/M/USA)

- Have a hard time understanding where I stand/how I feel about issues largely because I can see the good and bad in everything. Also leads to me being very indecisive. Talking through said things with others can be helpful.
- Understand others very well and can give good advice though not good at when I have to physically go out of my way to help others.
- I am very perfectionist in regards to the things I am passionate about.
- I am slow to open up to others but enjoy human interaction.
- I am carefree/optimistic about the future but when it comes to actually planning out actions to be taken to achieve said future it stresses me out/bothers me.
- On the surface I can take on multiple personalities (usually a carefree, joker kind of attitude) but deep down I am serious.
- It bothers me when I'm not in an environment that I enjoy/pleasing to the senses/mind. That said I'm usually pretty spaced out.
- In discussion I dislike having to clarify and defend every point behind an argument I make, especially if said argument is observable/relates to a greater universal idea. I enjoy discussions where you have a problem and find a way to make sense of/solve/explain the problem. I don't like conversations without direction because they feel draining and are often sporadic. Not striving for anything.
- I enjoy learning new things but don't like when things are thrown at me out of nowhere/interrupt my schedule.
- I like when people/myself am different but not for the sake of being different/drawing attention. Being different is great if it pushes an agenda or greater understanding. That said I don't like inauthenticity. Being genuine is key.
- I don't lose control of my emotion easily but I'm definitely not a flat individual.
- While math/science can interest me it is usually because they're interesting at a theoretical level. I don't care to see how they are implemented in the real world. 
- I care a lot about people and want what is best for them though would never call myself a SJW. They seem too one sided.
- I have a lot of hobbies not for the sake of enjoyment but to better myself (I think?). Can only work on hobbies one or two at a time and take turns switching between them so I can improve at them all. Video games/tv can be nice to relax but I struggle with feeling I'm wasting time (even though I sometimes don't know what else I would do).
- I sometimes will get nostalgic about things.
- I can be overstimulated easily.
IXFPyep!No worries mine is pretty bad too.INFJ, 1. Math 2. Spatial 3. Nature/Socialdittoinferior se makes me really enjoy hanging out with those who have strong se and this ISTP I know is one of the most calm/intelligent people I've gotten lucky enough to befriend.Yep that is correct! Or at least what I believe my type to be. I've also considered ISFJ and INTP but INFJ seems to fit the most.this could be because of a lot of thingsHere's a site that has a ton of characters listed and types are voted on by users of the site.

http://mbti-databank.com/Can you explain for what reason you usually think about the past?When thinking about the present do you usually take everything at face value or do you compare things to the past/how things were?I'd say ISTP.I'm seeing xSTJ.What is your relationship with the sensory world like? 

For me inferior Se manifests in ways such as not knowing the name of streets in the towns I spent 18 years growing up in. I've spent dozens of hours watching competitive melee and couldn't tell you with confidence the colors of character each player uses. However when I do take time to take joy out of sensory experiences (something as simple as playing a game of ping pong) it can feel like the most liberating and extraordinary thing. After it's over though I feel incredibly drained.

For comparison my older brother is ISTP and his interaction with the sensory world is much more frequent and natural. I was visiting him in Denver and there he was telling me about what every building being built around him was for. He takes time out of his day to learn about the world around him. His interactions with objects is always so delicate. Like a lion taking care of its cub.hm if you feel like you use Ne ESTJ could definitely still be possible b/c tert Ne though I'm not too sure how aux si and tert ne looks. have you also looked at xNTP? If you feel your Ne is fairly strong these are also possibilities though I did get an xSTJ vibe from your post.LOL my bad. Been using a lack luster mobile app for reddit all day. Among others do you find yourself standing up for your own values/beliefs (there is a moral right and wrong here) or do you find yourself talking into account the values/beliefs of those around you and trying to get everyone on the same wavelength? (No one is really right or wrong. What matters to me is everyone has a say no matter how different/extreme their views are.) You say you hate when people don't get along. Is this more a product of the former or the latter?

Do you typically have a good understanding of yourself and if something feels right/wrong for you? Or do you have to talk through with others do determine how you personally feel about something? (Notice I'm not meaning to say that if the former you don't talk to others about things like financial, schooling, etc. decisions but more if something agrees with you on a more personable level.)

Do you enjoy routine/tradition and comparing things to the past? Or do you usually take things at face value and live more in a here and now reality?I agree with the notion that an intuitive type would be more indifferent towards sensory type interests and more particular with their intuitive ideas and vice versa but don't really agree with this being limited to judging doms. Especially given that each type has an introverted and extroverted perceiving function. The statement that this observation holds to be only true with P types because of it being specific to extroverted perception seems fundamentally wrong (?). I believe the main notion that you're describing would be all encompassing. At least how I see it.What mentality are we looking at for Pi to Pe in this case? (or MBTI in general?) Still somewhat new to it all.haha I've always had a hard time differentiating inferior se and tertiary si so I may very well be wrong. Though with inferior se (and I think I did a bad job explaining this) maybe it's not so much being unaware of surroundings but lack of attention towards these sensory aspects? idk for a long time I was stuck between ISFJ, INFJ, and INTP so maybe I actually use si.I'm not too sure on the specifics (Je followed by Ji vs Ji followed by Je) but I think the idea holds true from what I've experienced? Maybe this is my Ni... given some thought I believe I could collect the information to uphold the idea but would probably need to further my understanding of MBTI first.Hm this is actually really interesting. I can relate to randomly/rarely knowing some features but I never really have traits become symbols like in the example of your cathedral drawing. So maybe in my case this is lack of Si after all? Of course your example seems very Ti + Si but as a supposed INFJ that has Ti I can't really relate. The way I may remember a cathedral is more along the lines of: "Oh the colors were very vibrant" or "the arches here feel very eerie." 

Also am now curious if being able to draw well from memory (getting details right) is possibly an Si thing. As an Ni dom I strongly believe there is this realm in the mind where one can pull details from (ex: the structure of a bull head, shape of dog's leg, etc.) and be able to draw it well but I myself have never been able to do it no matter how much I have tried (which is very frustrating b/c I'm so sure it's a thing).Hahaha sorry for going on a tangent. I've been trying to figure out how to respond to your post but feel there is something wrong with my approach to figure out your type. I'll try and think of something.I think maybe you need to focus more on how the type generally is. It seems that provided with functions to relate to you are finding examples to argue for and against each one where in reality the arguments you're using are the result of various functions.

I think these videos are pretty good (though are a bit long and dry :p)

ISTP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55LmENGRd58

INFJ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4dLLS-DQfA


Also try considering the functions in regards to preference rather than strength. Ex: As an INFJ my Fe may not be super strong but I definitely use it and filter my Ti with it. 

Perhaps you may feel the same? Or maybe you're an ISTP with a well developed Ni? 
Hmm I'm thinking ISFP. First two paragraphs have me thinking Fi over Fe and last one makes me think Se over Si. I understand you were saying how you're still trying to figure out the whole function thing so let me know if you have questions!lol pretty goodgave it text and first try guessed INFJ lolintrapersonal
I'm really not sure on Saki. That's who I'm least confident so I'm all ears. Also by balloon dog do you mean Squealer? I feel like he is definitely extraverted. Not sure I can "definitely" mistype fictional characters haha but anyways thanks for the input!nah I think I'm just forgetting something that happens in the plot lol sounds vaguely familiar.I apologize for my misuse of "quotations."My experiences have been pretty similar. Social anxiety makes my interaction with Fe a bit awkward. Fe isn't usually represented directly in my behavior but rather indirectly through Ti. I know my mind prioritizes Fe first because I'm aware of it filtering Ti. Thus a lot of my friends think I'm INTP because I'm not trying to constantly help everyone/everything and crying with one another in sorrow (though this imo is a good example of why typing by behavior doesn't work that well).
weirdDisagree :)Mine is a hypothetical revolving around the idea that Ni doms (INFJ) could definitely clash if what they believe in/strive for differs. I suppose I was interpreting OP's question in a more broad sense. I'm by no means doubting your relationship with your acquaintance!30/36Lol try a fighting game it's hell. The whole point is to notice your opponents habits and adapt however I'm by far the best at this when I let it all happen unconsciously (to flow in how you put it (but not autopilot)). This kinda sucks though because the hallmark of fighting games is in the details and being able to recognize them so past few years I've been playing been trying to rewire my brain to prioritize Se and it's stupendously difficult (Because I dare say that Ni is *gasp* inferior to Se in this kind of setting).If you become a patron for Pierce you can get pdfs of his video scripts (though I haven't done this myself so not sure what is/isn't immediately available).INFJ: Sitting in back row middle (or corner if middle is too much people) to get clear view of all the people in the class. Spends just as much (if not more) time studying the people in the classroom compared to the actual class content.It's turtles all the way down!That's why you shouldn't take quizzes and instead put emphasis on understanding the function pairs.Something different! Ne! I grant you ENFP! ^/sI'm 20. And hardly have spent any time on enneagram but from what I've looked at 9w1 and 4w5 seem most likely (or maybe some 6 type). Can I ask why you decided on INFJ? And thanks for taking the time to read my post. Sorry the grammar was so awful :/ hahaInteresting thanks for the input. Also don't mean to come off in a self centered way but feel I can spend a lot of time focusing on myself. When I was talking about having a hard time articulating what exactly my thought process was/expressing myself I guess it was more because I wanted to be accurate (not sure if this is what you meant or not). While I do have social anxiety once opened up I become very expressive. Though doubt this smaller detail would change your opinion of my type at this point haha. Why not enneagram type 4? It's more commonly associated with Fi right? Now of course enneagram is much more encompassing then this but as an artist I find myself very much trying to define my own style/stand out and see this seeping into my lifestyle but can't really say if this is more dominant than say type 9 or 6.Probably road eternal if I had to choose (plus SO to Ginko!). Wouldn't really want any of these though too many drawbacks.Computer sci and humanitarian efforts both study the way things work and function. Don't think it's that far fetched.Yep just providing another perspective :) though for me I want to study machine learning, neural networks, etc. so I'm very much into the idea of the merging between them heheh.Si has always appeared instinctual to me. An impression evoked that can't be separated from the sensation. Though everyone can recall past/memory perhaps more methodically.I can't but help feel I relate to both what you and ThisWontDo said in regards to Si. If these are accurate still doubting my type for sure lol.I guess what I'm trying to understand is the difference between say Si and then the more human traits of feeling nostalgia, feeling moved by a piece of art, etc. When you speak of tones I can't help but feel that this idea isn't linked solely to Si. Now as you stated all types can do both so in a way perhaps I'm trying to further distinguish the severity and frequency of these effects.I believe the problem lies in that he is using his "Ni web" or whatever as a method of explaining an idea to someone. This is not perception. When people say things like Ni goes from many to one and Ne from one to many it's more abstract than what he's making it out to be. To me his web just sounds like thinking. He's explaining an idea through various examples. Hence why everyone relates to this *so* strongly in the comments. Don't see how this is Ni. Ni is irrational. Sure perhaps the way someone explains something can give light to how they perceive information but it isn't this.some dual types obviThis is perfect.lol I thought it already was a roleplaying gameinfj and istp is amazing._.Hm this is what I'd guess just from seeing them randomly at events and such but really hard b/c don't know them personally...

**Big 6**

Mango: ExFP

Hbox: ESTx (definitely extraverted)

M2K: INxP

PPMD: INFJ (kinda cop out b/c he is just stereotype of psychologist lol really not sure)

Armada: haven't really given this one too much thought but ISTJ seems plausible

Leffen: probably hardest to type. most likely Se/Ni axe and not sure if extravert/introvert type.

**Other**

Westballz: ISFP

Plup: IxTP

S2J: ISxP

Axe: ISFx




I'm not sure if I lead with Si or Ni but either way it's introverted perception so I find myself completely untuned with the world around me. Sometimes I talk to people and delve into an idea based on what I "think" someone is saying only to completely confuse the person I was talking to because they didn't say anything like that at all lol (or they didn't mean what I inferred/didn't even say something I thought they said). I find myself looking off into the distance a lot not actually concentrating on anything actual. My mind isn't seeing something and saying that this and this is that but more things just roll over. I feel I focus equally on the impression of a sensory object as well as the impression of the ideas/implementations of the sensory object which is why I'm confused on Si vs Ni. For example I relate heavily to the idea of "vibes" in aesthetics (ex: look at minecraft and it's music, trendy fade photography, nostalgia, etc.) and feel this being prominent in some aspects of my life but not really sure if this dictates my personality/worldview? Though I'm also incredibly holistic when trying to understand new ideas and immediately want to get to the core essence as to why this works/is the way it is (I would say this happens both consciously and subconsciously). When not engaging in activity for mere fun it's hard for me to not want to break something down towards a more philosophical level.

(psst I'm actually just trying to figure out which I use if that wasn't obvious so lmk if you have ideas thx lol)Wait so the J/P dichotomy is supposed to represent lifestyle/behavior or you have a different definition on what people typically consider an overly stereotypical memey outlook on typology? Or is this simply another theoretical debate to be had?Take a guess?

[City](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_0-MvCcsP7BQ/Sw-uc8StO8I/AAAAAAAAATc/eVCslfpgfcI/s1600/imperialboy1.jpg)

[Pool](https://www.iamag.co/features/itsart/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/imperial-boy-19.jpg)

[Summer](https://www.skotcher.com/wall/7a60c5476bea6f5277172ccbb50b7bcc/anime-imperial-boy-ocean-station.jpg)

[County](https://drscdn.500px.org/photo/22852751/q%3D80_m%3D2000/18ea697937d92ead15ced47ba3f54b38)

[Mountains](http://thecultcollective.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/IMG_3316.jpg)

My two favorite artists.must have mistaken this for shittymbti lmaoI'd describe Ni more as a striving to be really sure of things. Whether or not the Ni user ever gets there is another question.

I wasn't saying that I have dom/aux Ti. I was trying to frame a perspective of someone who believes themself to have strong Ti but then realizing that Fe has some sort of control over their life. Obviously solving math problems doesn't mean I'm using Ti. This was just an example on how people think of functions in the wrong way.

I agree behavioral observations have to be used to type others because well without that you have nothing; one needs to focus on the way something is being said/what one says means and not what is literally being said.I agree that all functions are active in some way or another. Didn't mean to argue against this. The four most active (maybe not even active but ones that are the controlling forces) just happen to be the ones that determine type code.

Also perhaps we are thinking about the metaphor thing a little differently. Of course my example of mathematical proofs, checking for efficiency of system, etc. aren't great examples and are more just used to prove a point that is what bad thought looks like but I guess what I was trying to get at is why you see this happening. That people will use examples like these (but better ones) to try and hint and what a function is really all about. In order to further one's understanding. But by nature they are indeed loosely observable symptoms of invisible theorized processes.

It is a bit extraordinary how observations appear in some way consistent with Jung's framework. The Fi/Te vs Fe/Ti seems the most obvious. Perception functions are a lot harder for me to figure out. In regards to my own typing I have a very hard time figuring out if I lead with Si or Ni (feel I use both strongly, or all perception functions at that, which isn't really in line with theory).

the drive by typing renaissance what a worldAll I can say with given info is IxFx. Do you use your more inward feelings (not impressions but values, good or bad, etc.) to make sense of the world or react more to the feelings of those around you (Everyone is capable of both but which feels more dominating)? How do you perceive new information? This is a bit vague/abstract but open ended nature I think is helpful in figuring out type.I suggest working on getting reddit and english so you can have a more successful time elaborating your thoughts. Thus discussion becomes easier and thus becoming more pleased with your own understanding becomes possible :)I've never liked the use of these phrases in determining the Fe/Ti vs Fi/Te axis. For me it only caused a lot of confusion. Especially given our current day and the internet it's much too easy to garner a distaste for the former with the serious concern that is hive mind. Perhaps what these phrases are trying to get at isn't wrong but the way they're stated seems pretty ambiguous... I'd prefer something like the Fe/Ti individual is more likely to feel energized/in tune with the feelings of a group whereas a Fi/Te individual would more likely have their own feelings existing in and of themselves. Their feeling is more detached from others. Perhaps the use of the word truth seems to muddy things? Where it gets complicated (at least in my own understanding) is if the individual is a thinker with feeling in the lower end of their stack. I think similar phrases need to be created but in regard to Ti vs Te. Perhaps a thinking type could help point in this direction?heheh nice analysis. it's true that the majority of my friends are very liberal though interesting enough my family is pretty conservative. I guess I'm often torn between the two perspectives. but ya these sorta outer influences are why I prefer to look at the axis solely as thinking/feeling and their respective source (from outside or within) but unless one knows oneself or who they're typing very well this can be so so tricky.eh i thought it was more that introverts are introverted because they are more easily overstimulated thus they keep to themselves more and vice verse for extraverts?the problem with empiricism is it's rooted in its premise of being able to objectively understand and make sense of everything though there are aspects it has yet to be able to properly explain. until this happens I'll delightfully consider a large variety of various philosophies (not to say all philosophies don't have their own problems). Though you have the right to disagree of course.ah ok. my bad.because they're mistyped extraverts! ^/s roflOk word. I totally agree with you on that people need to question/try and incorporate various different models. Perhaps I have my philosophical differences but I think we can both agree that to remain stagnate is bad.Te (Extroverted Thinking) (60%) 
your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods

Ti (Introverted Thinking) (75%) 
your valuation of / adherence to your own internally devised logic/rational

Ne (Extroverted Intuition) (70%) 
your valuation of / tendency towards free association and creating with external stimuli

Ni (Introverted Intuition) (75%) 
your valuation of / tendency towards internal/original free association and creativity

Se (Extroverted Sensing) (55%) 
your valuation of / tendency to fully experience the world unfiltered, in the moment

Si (Introverted Sensing) (45%) 
your valuation of / focus on internal sensations and reliving past moments

Fe (Extroverted Feeling) (65%) 
your valuation of / adherence to external morals, ethics, traditions, customs, groups

Fi (Introverted Feeling) (40%) 
your valuation of / adherence to the sanctity of your own feelings / ideals / sentiment

//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

based on your results your type is likely - unclearWhen it comes to games like minecraft, skyrim, etc. I can never garner the motivation to play by myself. The only times I end up playing these are when they just come out and a lot of people are playing or if I'm in a party and we are all discussing the game, doing same quest, etc. together. If I'm just by myself playing a game like skyrim I'll probably just end up bored and stop after a single quest. Pretty sure my experiences with this is a Fe thing. Thus multiplayer and/or competitive games are much more timeless and attractive.It forgot to say they're low key narcissists who can't tell you the color of their best friends hair or use a microwave.I don't understand how people disregard 16personalities and then get down with this.Well I mostly posted out of mere fun and figured this intent would be clear but your post calls for a response. Regardless of if these posts really are "bullshit exotification" or "bullshit demonization" it doesn't change the fact that these ideas are still found in large sums of people whom share a common perspective regarding mbti (the latter often talked about even here). So ultimately the need for an argument is justified. Personally I find arguments that try to prove one thing as totally wrong and the other as totally right depriving of merits and would instead like to work to encapsulate both ideas.

I feel it's important to note that it's in mbtis nature to make sweeping generalizations as it tries to categorize all of humanity into 16 types. Of course no one is going to fit one type perfectly but that doesn't mean that there isn't some line of best fit.a type is a type because it's pigeonholed thoplaying with childrenIn what way do you relate to Si?Yeah I guess my biggest concern is in not fooling myself. I had initially typed as INFP (this was before I had much knowledge of functions) but a combination of bias and actual legitimate belief that I may be INFJ is what made me reconsider my type. I feel I have legitimate reasons for believing I am such and am free of bias now but how do I know if that's really the case? One of my good friends whom I'm confident is ENFP is so sure he is ENTP and I see this confirmation bias in him. I try to be open about this concern with others so perhaps it makes this less likely to be true but maybe this is just like next level mind games. If enfjs are ice cream infjs are gelati. a bit more full of shit and hard to come by! :DI'm not a girl but just wish to express my forever undying love of istpsThis is more from the perspective of weak sensing but quoting /u/Critsrc because it's perfect.

"Se-doms, period. Intimidatingly sharp and extremely aware, they give off a very energetic aura I just shrivel in. Next to them, it's like I don't even exist, I might as well be invisible. And the engagement is like something I feel like I have to answer to, yet I simply cannot, it's basically looking in a mirror and not seeing yourself, this is what you're supposed to be in reality, to be present, yet you see clearly in front of you what presence is, and you have none of it, no connection to reality at all.
At that point I just keep contact to a minimum and let them seek other means of communication. More developed Se users will find it and we can become easygoing friends.
Se-aux users are easier on my mental insecurities, and are much more chill, less showoff-y."Think these seem pretty accurate and like that you're focusing more on how types actually manifest. Another one I can think of is the ENFPs who are just like: omg data! facts! information! Seem kinda nerdy and try hard to come off as thinkery. Typically their obsession towards such is better described as a love rather than a way of understanding. Often male and often mistype as xNTPs haha. Curious what others you may have in mind. 
Hopper as a more rigid ISTP which I think is an uncommon trait for that type. INFJ and wreckless sexual behavior... sooo Griffith&gt;ENFJ - Y’all are some crafty shits.

niceHm well as far as settled means like a best guess/line of best fit type of thing then sure haha. At this point, it isn't so much an issue of certainty but rather that I don't believe type is a perfect theory. Though I think it can be fun to think about and can explain a lot of individuals interest in such.mm but seems mostly legitAgree with a lot of what was said here regarding any types (typically introverts) being able to put up walls for one reason or another. And that this is typically a more immature (yet very human imo) attitude to take where this attitude is one that deserves effort to overcome. 

That said, some of your post seems kinda unclear to me. For example, how would you say showing a wall vs showing a labyrinth/facade are different from one another? One implies no information is shown whereas the other implies that information is shown (though potentially misleading) but in the case of the more general attitude of Fi wanting to showcase internal mystery, how are the wall and labyrinth/facade really different from one another?

Also, can you elaborate on this?

&gt; Do you see ihq joining in? Would you have seen ThisWontDo joining something like this? How about Komatik or snowylion? But all these other people who's post history screams "mistype" are all piling on how this is how their relationships are.

It intrigues me because these are particular users that have stood out to me/I grouped together in the past.I'd say Oreki is more an ISTP. ITJs usually give off a vibe more similar to that of Irisu Fuyumi. I remember being on the fence between ENTP and ENFP for Satoshi when watching the show. General Fi/Te vibes for Ibara. For Chitanda the whole "I'm curious" thing isn't all that nuanced and could fall under either Se or Ne behavior. By dichotomies she can fit ExFP though she does also fit more Fe behaviors. Another one I'm unsure of.

Oreki - ISTP

Satoshi - ENxP

Ibara - Fi/Te

Fuyumi - IxTJ

Chitanda - ExFx??
Regarding Ibara, I think IxFPs can appear more serious like ISTJs but I don't really remember enough of her character to say for sure. Regarding Satoshi, I think ENFP could be possible because (1) a database could fall more in line with Te and its interest in the concrete facts, outside information, data, etc. and (2) I thought I remembered him displaying more romantic esq. tendencies (like when being envious of Oreki) but I don't really remember the frequency of this behavior so can't so ENFP over ENTP or vice versa. I do also think xNFPs often mistype as NTPs (more on that [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7q8kqu/some_of_the_lesseracknowledged_archetypes/dsna6ku/?context=3)).

The only character I typically make an argument for in this show is Oreki because ISTP is a type I feel people often get wrong. The whole getting overwhelmed by environment thing I would say is more just the result of being an introvert rather than inferior Se. He get's overwhelmed because he is low energy, lazy, and never really wants to be doing much (IxxP). INxJs can sometimes appear this way too but typically have an air of seriousness to them and are still very driven. Oreki is much more carefree. He is also very adept at picking up subtle cues in the environment that others do not. Something I wouldn't expect as much out of INTJs. The whole series is repeated occurrences of Oreki picking up clues from the environment and then deducing plausible outcomes. I would argue it's very Ti + Se. I do see inf Fe every time Chitanda confronts Oreki with her "I'm curious!" thing and Oreki nervously draws back from her out of discomfort. 

Typically ISTPs are the quintessential "you're so smart now only if you'd just apply yourself!" type (and to a lesser degree INTPs). Often they're incredibly smart but never really think much of it themselves. Satoshi often finds himself envious of Oreki's ability to play detective but Oreki just kinda shrugs it off like it's no big deal. Everyone sees how amazing he is yet he's content with just being low energy, chill, not really doing all that much, etc. It feels so ISTP to me.

For comparison, other very similar ISTPs that I feel people often get wrong are Kakashi Hatake from Naruto and Haruhi Fujioka from Ouran High School Host Club. 

All that said I don't really think type is some absolute thing. I could see an argument being made for Oreki as an INTP but INTJ is one I have a harder time seeing. Just my two cents.did... you just type hbox as ISFJ 🤔ISTJ sounds quite accurate imo. don't freak if you don't feel you fit it 100% bc all individuals will break the mold in some way or another. I've always considered type to be a line of best fit. you don't seem anything like an ISTP imo and probably not ENTJ either. That said I'm going off like a single reddit post so feel free to explore your personality more, ask others how they see you, etc. of course but I'd put my money on ISTJ.survivor underrated fate/zero overratedop strikes me as EP maybe ESFP?

- Board game Go (same vein of games as chess but more spatial, shape recognition, and global thinking)

- Competitive fighting game Melee

- Competitive performance art (think like dance competitions or ice skating)

- Reading (some self improvement, some philosophy, strategy books on go, etc.)

- Tennis

- TV (anime, game of thrones, stranger things, etc.)

- Photography/Film (not as much recently but did a lot a few years ago)

- Some other gaming stuff but more casually with friends

- Some fashion

- Studying cs and psychologyA lot of people really praise it and talk about it as if it's one of the greats but it seemed average or a lil better than average to me. Just didn't seem to really separate itself from other good shows. Don't really have a super legitimate critique or anything other just didn't really do it for me haha. Felt like I couldn't get very invested in the characters.With the whole model UN thing (diplomacy, schmoozing, etc.), directing films, and so forth I was also actually considering ENJ. I think ENJ vs EP depends on how much of the appeal of these things comes from wanting to control everything, put plans into actions, grand scheming or if it is more in the moment thrill, being adaptable, etc. You also have a large breadth of hobbies and I think whether or not these hobbies are something you juggle simultaneously or if they're more representative of different chapters in your life could be another tell. All that said the way you type messages strikes me as more casual and ultimately more EP ("friends with benefits tbh", "the usual", etc.). 

As for ESFP vs other EP types is hard. I've always been bad at differentiating EP types because they all feel fairly similar to me. Regarding T vs F often I've seen thinkers put up a wall at some point when it comes to sharing information about themselves or just generally seeming uncomfortable when engaging with others (Latter more the case of inf fe. I know an ISTP who would refuse to play two truths and a lie lol). You seemed much more open, for example, talking about friends with benefits, flirting, reading self-improvement books, etc. Half a year ago I probably would've said ExTP but I've been trying to reevaluate my understanding of typology lately and definitely think feelers can come across way more "thinkery" than people may realize. For sensing over intuition I just felt you seemed to be the type that always is living in the moment actively engaging with something. Some of what you said made me think intuition but felt ESFP is a type that is good at balancing living in the now while still having areas of knowledge that hints at intuition. For example, strategy vs tactics and Rommel. Ofc intuition doesn't lay claim on these ideas but just the way you said it makes me think you read a book on it or something. That said, I do think it's possible this balancing thing is just generally EP. ESFP was the whole "oh I gotta wild guess bc hobbies" answer.

As for my type, one of the implied types is correct :) but which is it?Yup. What about this style of explanation sounds more INJ than ITP?You know that ridiculous anime Monster? 

Curious what you guys would type the characters.Curious what you guys think. Saw the show last year so my memory isn't great but a few of my guesses:

Kurapika - ISFJ/INFJ? (mostly interested what people think here)

Gon - ESFP

Ging - INTP

Killua - xNxP

Leorio - ESFJ

Chrollo - INTJ

Merium - ENTJ

Hisoka - ISTP

Pariston - ENxJ

Biscuit - ENxx/ENTP?
I believe this question is the roadblock in my attempts of typing myself and wish to clarify a few misconceptions I may have. If any of the following statements don't correspond to Fi or Fe or are more a combination of various functions please let me know.

How I think I relate to Fi

- I find myself emotionally attaching myself to characters from TV shows or to MBTI types (what a bother I know).

- When planning or occasionally looking for some kind of truth (mbti yes; calc class no. find myself personally invested in mbti b/c in my mind I see it as a way to understand/identify myself) I find myself considering my internal thoughts/feelings (that said when in the moment I find myself relating more to Fe).

How I think I don't relate to Fi

- Often times I see strong Fi users being described in a way where they have this strong understanding of themselves and know why they may be feeling stressed, sadness, etc. whereas I experience this on and off. I feel I have a hard time understanding myself and what I stand for because I see value in all different kinds of opposing sides.

- When I'm away from people I usually have a hard time figuring out how I feel. Talking to people about my problems is helpful.

- I don't find myself as stubborn as Fi users are sometimes described to be.

How I think I relate to Fe (and don't?)

- I find myself mimicking the attitudes of other's behaviors very often (laughing with friends, gossiping, being mischievous, etc.) except when mentally/physically fatigued or have a large disagreement with the actions being performed (though I usually don't take a strong stance to try and argue/change atmosphere. Not sure if b/c I don't care or being timid). I'm usually good at picking up on social cues.

Ultimately I find myself constantly weighing the feelings of others when interacting. That said I can't totally disregard the fact that I'm finding myself attached to characters/types and considering how I personally feel about planned courses of actions/internal truths. Is my confusion perhaps rooted in the idea that Fi values can look like Fe? Or that Fe combined with some functions looks like Fi? Am I just a Fi user too timid to act stubborn? If anyone has some input/resources for understand Fe vs Fi I would greatly appreciate it thank you!

EDIT: format... my goodnessJust finished the series and curious what others think. Not entirely sure on these but just a few of my guesses.


- Tamaki - Have a harder time distinguishing Fi and Fe here but currently thinking ESFJ/ENFJ? ENFP seems possible too.

- Haruhi - ISTP (maybe INTP just see strong Ti) also with developing Fe throughout the series it'd seem

- Kyoya - ISTJ

- Honey - ESFP

- Kaoru - INFJ

- Hikaru - ESTP/ENTP

- Mori - ISTP/ISFJ? (mystery to me)

- Renge - ENTP/ENFP


How can you tell the difference here? In my mind always saw weaker sensor functions making someone appear unaware of surroundings/spaced out but how to tell the difference between introversion and extroversion when not well developed? 

Confident I use Fe/Ti now just trying to pin down if I use Ni/Se or Ne/Si. ex:
As an INFJ I...

- Click well with strong Ni users and have had good conversations with XNTJs (never met another INFJ/ENFJ so can't say there)
- Love hanging out with ISTPs. Dom Ti with aux Se is like a breadth of fresh air. Provide clarity in a way I have trouble seeing.
- From my experience strong Fi users can be really draining in a relationship. Though sometimes ISFP/INFP (not sure which) can feel more alright. Not to say these relationships can't be nice/fun though. Lots of my friends are strong Fi and I think as an INFJ I attract them.
- ESFPs feel over the top but if can get on their wavelength (rarely happens as introvert) can be fun.
- Struggle to get anywhere with ESTJs but ultimately interesting relationship.
- I got along really well with INTP, ENTP, and ESTPs as well but not those that feel the need to try and debate everything and get the last say (think that is ExTPs).
- Get along well with xSFJs that aren't too dependent/in your business.
- Strong Ne can be really fun but sometimes annoying/draining.
- Have good intellectual/informative conversations with ISTJs but sometimes more stubborn/less open minded?

(I apologize if I'm getting kinda stereotypey just explaining what I have experienced)*rambling ahead

It is much too easy to take one of the eight functions, turn it into some sort of "attitude/behavior," and then find a behavior in your life to relate to said attitude (thus being able to relate to everything). Not that it isn't possible to find some representation of a function in behavior but more what I mean is that the line "I order the same meal from this restaurant each time I go there" is not inherently some representation of Si. Functions do not exist in a vacuum. To try and break down a simple line of action such as this into a single function is like trying to ...

I could very easily type myself as a dom/aux Ti user. Often I find myself heavily redefining, trying to put things into some sort of framework, trying to understand something as it makes sense to me, etc. however as soon as I leave my introverted bubble and go out in the world I find this mode of thinking paralyzed by these sort of outer forces... people! I'm much too in tune with the feelings of others to be able to access this mode of thinking directly. My psych becomes entirely dominated by these forces. Here I am in a discussion with someone trying to understand a line of code for example... but oh no! the individual I'm speaking with only seems half involved and seems to have something else in mind bothering his life. We have to take care of that! Wait a minute, weren't we working on code? So what is it my mind is focusing on here?

Say I'm someone new to MBTI and trying to understand the functions and which 4 I use. At this point I think the individual has already gone wrong. We can rationalize the use of any function (as they are explained) but where MBTI comes in is in explaining which 4 dominate our world view. It's too easy for me to think to myself aha I'm judging the efficiency of this system I must use Te! Only to freak out the next day when I find myself in math class solving proofs to then realize oh no! I'm capable of Ti too! Suddenly I'm confused! This individual is oversimplifying functions into some sort of attitude. When people take real life examples and use them to explain functions it's not to say what it actually is but what it is like. It's trying to get to the core essence behind what this function is trying to grasp. I can use these past few sentences themselves as a metaphor towards Ni, for example, but that doesn't mean anyone who is trying to describe functions or creating metaphors is using Ni. They could very easily be using Fi to describe functions based on the way they mapped their understanding of functions to their own value judgements. See what I mean? Another example: It's funny that oftentimes those who fuss so much about being logical and objective happen to be the Fi users. When their friend is discussing the idea of acting on subjective factors this individual just states omg guys this is so bad! Not realizing the irony.

Perhaps people forget that MBTI isn't an end all be all way of perfectly understanding and explaining every aspect of what it means to be a human being. It's simply there to describe this vague idea of personality which manifests itself through these sort of controlling forces in an individual's life. When you're trying to find examples in your life to point towards possible use of said function don't focus on the example itself but instead focus on what it exactly your mind is doing to lead to said example (introversion) or instead focus on how this example represents a force exerting it's will onto your actions (extraversion). You don't choose to use this sort of notion of functions. They choose you (didn't choose the thug life it chose me lol jk but you get the point). You need to look at the controlling forces in your life.

I apologize if this was already obvious to those here but been wanting to poke and pry at this idea more methodically and through word.I wish to explain my experience with mbti in general to hopefully allow for interesting discussion and/or work to further explore my type. While as made obvious (and is obvious for many here) by the posts I have made I'm trying to settle on a type, however, this is not seperate from my understanding of mbti's nature. Maybe it's obvious that to understand your own type you must come to an understanding of mbti's nature but I want to say that to me these two don't exist exclusively. 

In formulating my understanding of mbti I feel a bit like I'm sculpting out of clay. I'm consistently adding new pieces of clay (lines of understanding if you will) to the whole. Often these pieces don't fit together perfectly but I believe they are able to in the end. I see the clay image and think to myself if what I am adding makes sense with the end result. I judge every new piece according to how it fits with the end even if the end is not yet made. If it fits I'll add this on despite not currently having made an obvious connection. I'll reason this out later. I can do this because anything can be reasoned. But not everything fits the end result. All this said I'm in constant search for approval regarding my clay sculpture. I show it to others and see if they like it. If they don't I consider that I did something wrong. Although maybe a better way to put it is that I could have perhaps displayed my ideas wrong or that I'm just not doing a good enough job with my sculpture. The sculpture is not yet finished afterall. But if I just totally neglect the sculpture viewer's opinions I'll feel that I'm being close minded. I must add what they think into my sculpture. After months and months of formulating a sculpture my own type revealed itself as INFJ. However, the sculpture is not yet finished and there are these inconsistencies. But why did INFJ jump out at me before the end result? This is all sounds so very INFJ but there poses one problem. 

The sculpture creator. Let's call him Fi. Who is to say that he isn't here methodically creating this sculpture in his self image? How can I trust the sculpture creator? Why is the sculpture creator so damn reflective and obsessive? Never has the clay sculptor ever spoken quite like this. This is relatively a new experience but Ni acts as if it is common. But here the clay sculptor sits overjoyed that he sent something so elegantly describing his experience. Yet is this because finally Ni was made sense of or is it perhaps the manipulative bastard fooling everyone into thinking the clay sculpture truly spat out INFJ? Is the sculptor truly that good? Is Fi + Ne truly that good? He can become whoever he wishes?For example,  


ISTJ - Jet Black

ESTJ - Hillary Clinton

ISTP - Spike Spiegel
 
ESTP - Billy Hargrove

ISFJ - Joyce Byers

ESFJ - Leorio Paladiknight

ISFP - Jonathan Byers

ESFP - Ron Weasley

INTJ - Kai Chisaki

ENTJ - Reinhard von Lohengramm

INTP - Izzy Izumi

ENTP - Tony Stark

INFJ - Norman (The Promised Neverland)

ENFJ - Margaery Tyrell

INFP - Nao Tsukinose

ENFP - Michael ScottFor a school project I'll be using machine learning to create an MBTI test but I need your help to do it! If you could fill out this MBTI survey and provide your type I'd greatly appreciate it! If you don't know your type that is fine. Just select "I don't know" at the end.

[https://forms.gle/HhNeXBrJfvAwAHMn7](https://forms.gle/HhNeXBrJfvAwAHMn7)

Afaik there is not currently a test based on machine learning and believe it could be quite interesting to do. The basic idea is that with enough responses, I can create a program that will be able to learn and predict type based on the question responses by discovering insights of its own. Rather than defining as the test creator which types the questions correspond to, the AI will be able to find more nuanced relationships between individuals' responses to these questions and type. I might also explore with allowing the AI  to group survey responses in its own way and create types of its own.

If I receive enough responses and the project is a success there is a good chance I can put the test online for everyone to use. But I need a lot of responses to make this happen! I know many of you guys are on various internet forums, discords, etc. so if you could spread this around I'd greatly appreciate it!Sounds like ISFP to me.Out of all the S types ISFP is the most to come across as N in the sense that they often use vocabulary such as theoretical, philosophical, puzzles in the dark, etc. and are constantly yearning towards such ideas. Often, however, it seems like these ideas are right around the corner and the words to elaborate such are on the tips of their tongues. This can be true for articulating Ni in general and can be seen in upper Ni but typically for upper Ni such an endeavor is laser focused and at the core of their very being whereas here I saw a lot of dabbling in different ideas.

It also seemed there were a lot of ideas brought up that were left unexplored (you say you're interested in philosophy but don't really bring up philosophical ideas, you talk about being concerned with truth but don't elaborate, etc.). When you do explore such ideas you used very specific examples from real life. That said, you don't strike me as an SFJ because typically SFJs don't really explore these ideas at all and only really do so when they're joking around (often it comes across like they're poking fun). They really just don't prioritize this way of thinking. ISFJs interested in MBTI typically are more attracted to it for a sense of community it provides rather than as an intellectual pursuit. That, or they're more likely IxFP, INFJ, etc.

Lastly, you talked about being impulsive with money which further dissuades me from thinking ISFJ. I suppose INFP could be possible given the amount of jumping around you do. Regarding INFJ I would've expected more structure and fewer, more fleshed out ideas. Age is a factor here too and if you're younger (like teenage years) I'm less confident in my analysis.

​I would agree that the MBTI is inadequate in answering this question and would say that the 4 letter type code has become more of a social element that brings the theory popularity rather than a totally accurate representation of personality. Most individuals break the mold of their type and have elements of their personality that are in a state of flux. For you, perhaps NJ is more consistent whereas the E/I and T/F elements are more volatile. For me IN would be consistent and T/F, J/P more volatile. I imagine for some people that they go by a type they feel is most "them" and I think this is generally fine, however, taken too far and people start adopting type as a persona which can be dangerous and lead to self delusion.

I think answering your actual question is beyond me haha. I would just suggest researching various other ideas on the matter.&gt; Also, my Introversion scores move at the 1st-5th percentile so I wouldn't necessarily say that we are generally more extraverted.

I don't think it works quite like that...Fair enough, though I think the majority of what is posted here is a "subjective personal experience." Rarely are sources posted. For example, when you agree with their description but only as it applies to unhealthy individuals that's your subjective take on it. But there's nothing really wrong with that. It's akin to your "two cents." You just so happen to disagree with them :)I leave the cereal dry in the bowl and mix it with milk in my mouth ¯\_(ツ)_/¯sounds great1. B though depending on the number of side quests I may end up growing tired of them and just finishing the game or if there are other games I want to get to.
2. Collectivism
3. Live mostly in the present and look to the future. Though the past can be fun to talk about with others and be sentimental about.Nice work heh. I've also considered INFP/INTP and to a lesser extent ISFJ but INFJ is what has stuck the most. Thanks again for all the replies!but... that's what typology is?Much appreciated. I too hope to collect enough data. Probably a couple hundred would be sufficient for the school project but would need much much more to make something good. Nonetheless, I'd love to be able to put the finished product online.Pretty intriguing test, however, wasn't very accurate for me at least considering what I believe my types to be. It did the best on big 5 getting four of the five categories but got both my enneagram and mbti wrong.

Also, I think stating that it's only 6 questions is a bit deceiving suggesting greater simplicity than is actual. Considering the first "question" tells you to pick up to 12 traits from a wide array of options to describe yourself and then later fine-tunes its impression of you by providing descriptions for you to agree or disagree with (using some sort of decision tree I'd imagine). Only one of the 4 or 5 descriptions it provided was very accurate. Not sure how it got me so wrong considering its apparent high praise.

Anyways, not trying to bag on the test. It's very intriguing. I'd love to be able to discuss their methods with them.Try a different browser maybe?I appreciate the feedback. I was aiming to keep it pretty simple for this first attempt using more standard questions. More a "trial run" of sorts. But doing this and hearing feedback/seeing other work certainly has me wanting to experiment with more novel questions and approaches in the future. 

I suppose if anything, I tried to pool questions that clearly focused on just dichotomies while others took cognitive functions into consideration. Was curious if the AI could develop a more holistic approach. 

Lastly, as results come in, I can see which questions have a more even distribution of answers and which are more or less being answered the same way. Could look into adjusting these questions if I end up doing a v2.ISTP was kinda weak tbh. Besides that, pretty brutal but good.yeah, that was my suspicion given the generic mechanic thing but also that you got INFJ really good referencing a real-world example. sigh... can't help it being INFJ. just too "wise" lmao jk. in all seriousness, ISTP is just probably one of the types I know best due to it being my brother's type. maybe I can help you roast them.I’m impressed.Don't forget ISTP Toph, easily one of the coolest characters ever.A lot of the memes just make more sense when you replace the type with its sensor counterpart.And here I was thinking this was some meta post about how the r/mbti subreddit has turned into only memes and feels so alien compared to what it once was. But nope... another meme... 😑I play young link who plays somewhat similarly to link though perhaps he's a bit more versatile.Especially when they grow up and move out of the house!yes14 and 1 bingo! 😎
Oh hey, I remember you!  Your username mention had the interesting effect of introducing me to this sub.  Heaven help you all.  :)In binary terms, they would either succeed or wander.  There's a good deal of unfocused genius in the world and not enough niches for the generalist.I actually came to make the same joke.  It figures an ENTP would beat me to it!Also have this peeve, but chose to go with the flow... languages evolve!

Intro- is a valid Latin prefix.  Extra- is a valid Latin prefix.  Extro- is an abomination.  :)On Reddit?  Anything NT is bound to be on top.  Everyone wants to be an intuitive thinker because it means you are super abstract and not swayed by dirty, dirty emotions or dirty, dirty reality.  ;)You make some interesting points.  I think we might be able to generalize this result a little bit, actually.

Most posts on every type forum seem to be about people seeking help, rather than people creating original content that showcases the best of their type.

Those who seek help are probably leaning on their weaker functions, not their stronger ones.

It is the *replies* that show off the type's strengths.Are you sure the Sorting Hat put you in the right place?I hear you.  For what it is worth, the two INFPs I know are a guy with a PhD in math and a guy with a PhD in physics.  I imagine they might have some of the same concerns you do.Don't mind at all.  I thought I had set it as my flair.  I'm INFJ.  :)Ni dom here and I like learning new stuff, too.  That means asking questions.

I guess sometimes people take questions as judgments, which is too bad.

The Ti doms, in being nitpicky, are *playing* with you.  They want you to join in!... are you my doppelganger?!
I think ISTJ or ESTJ. Maybe INFP tho. Ne is seeing patterns in everything. Figuring out complex issues without having to learn anything beforehand because they're so good at extrapolating prior knowledge to the current. They're good at science and math because it's *abstract*.

Se is good at noticing smells. 

Please.Where is this from? Is the source Socionics?1. Marijuana. Smoke it on evenings after work and other important stuff only. I also smoke cigarettes when I'm stressed out and don't want to be high for the next few hours. 

2. I used to smoke weed every day but I realized that wasn't mentally or economically sustainable so I slowed down. Now it's like a few times a week at most. 

3. INTP on the official MBTI instrument.

4. I've been addicted to porn basically since I started jerking off. Been trying to quit on and off for like a year. I'm also probably addicted to the internet. Are you a woman?Probably NFP.**Question 1**

I'm 19, swedish, male. The things I'm aware of, pay attention to and care about are mostly things you find out about on the internet so I don't relate much to people on that level in real life. You don't talk about spirituality and entheogens on other places than erowid and the like. 

Emotionally I'm normal. I seek out people who accept me and want to do fun things. I'm okay with not talking about my real interests because I can do that online with people who actually care. I want an emotional connection too and I'm not dependant on shared deep interests for that. It's actually easier to make friends (that is, become part of a group, a demographic) when you realize what's essential for you to take part in it. For me that's basic things like acceptence of each other and occasionally doing things that's exciting. So if the group of people is open-minded and want to do the same things I want to do I more or less consider myself a part of that group. 

**Question 2**

I believe I'm an ESTP because I'm an SLE in socionics but I'm currently undecided because I think MBTI is so fucking muddy. It's unclear what's correct and so on. A lot of people on this sub say that you should scrap the tests and dichotomies and focus on the cognitive functions which seems to me be some idea that came out of nowhere credibke and keeps reinforcing itself thanks to all the people attached to it. When you take the MBTI instrument they don't care about the functions but focus on the dichotomies whereas Jung sort of focused on both. He didn't mention anything about stacks though so the version of MBTI/Jungian typology/whatever that everyone is supporting now is sort of a mix between the two. I am yet to figure out where and how to bridge all the inconsistencies. I like socionics more because everything is defined so you know when you're out of line. The problem with MBTI isn't that there's no room for improvisation but that I don't know where that is. I want to be able to speculate but when is it proper to do so?

Anyway, on some official MBTI test I got INTP and people on forums tell me I'm an ESTP/SLE. I don't know what sources to trust so I'm passive for now. 

**Question 3**

Having clearly defined what an MBTI type is is my first goal becuase obviously without that you're not going to be sure you're correct and any conclusion whether correct or not isn't going to be justified because the way of getting there was just pure chance. When I have that basic framework to work from I'd be comfortable not knowing. It'd be nice knowing that *it's there* and I can take it up any time and figure it out. The alternative would be like reading a book where some of the words are crossed out leaving me with having to guess my way forward and that's just a pain in the ass when it's not what I am supposed or want to do. 

So basically, figure out what constitutes correct which is a matter of getting the definitions and axioms right and from there I'd be able to do some sort of self-evalution thing and get a result. Maybe cross check whether or not my evaluation is an accurate representation of myself and if I had the right framework in the first place. 

**Question 4?**

Tell everyone to read things by people who are smarter than me. I wouldn't feel that my own ideas where meaningful in that situation so I'd promote those that I consider to be that. 

**Question 5**

I hate this type of question. I laugh at most people who complain about being misunderstood by *society* because they focus on how their experience has been negatively affected by people they deem as the sheep. So I'll be very careful not to include specific people's attitudes and so on because they're just products of society which would make certain behaviors something to complain about but they're nothing more than a symptom of the system. So the question is about the system, not people. 

Of course there are aspects of our society that I find appaling and that if I had to take part in I'd most certainly feel misunderstood or whatever, but those things are mostly superficial. Branches on the bigger stem that you don't have to venture out on. If you want to live in a cottage on the countryside growing your own food not talking to people you can do that. If you want to believe that you're a woman when you have a penis, dress up like one and get boobs you can do that. We've gotten rid of institutionalized discrimination and most of the predjudices are ideas from different times on their way out, dying with the older generations. I'm not making the case that no person that's alive today in western society is free from discrimination but seriously, with enough money you can do whatever you want. There's a group for most people and that's possible because of our society. Part of our society is feeling left out, different or whatever because that's one of the basic principles of it. You want freedom? Be prepared that most people aren't going to like what you're up to but if you pay your taxes we have these things for you that'll protect you so you can be whoever you want to be as long as you don't prevent others from that. 

Although there's more to it than that. Like the idea that you're supposed to be an industrious individual that should uphold and push society forward. Basically do your part in the machine. If you refuse you're cast out simply because the rules are so deeply ingrained in the structure of every institution. This is basically a law of life. We've never been in a position where not working and being a well oiled cog hasn't been the only alternative for most people. I resent this fact of life but of course I adhere to it because it is just that, a fact of life. It's just that in todays age it's not the only alternative if you're smart enough. I consider myself to be smart enough to realize that there are other alternatives and at the same time happy that most people aren't as smart as me because we haven't reached the time where everything is automated yet so people are still needed to run the machinery of everyday life. Or they are or have been just like me, naive, and have come to realize that the best way to go about life is to play by the rules. Getting ahead simply might not be worth it or even possible. I'm open to that possibility but I'll keep fighting until my fire burns out and turn into ember and hope I'll be in a good position when that happens. Hopefully it never does. 

So my basic misunderstanding stems from society being so advanced that living by the basic rules we've had for the longest time might not be necessary for me anymore. It used to be that only kings, emperors and people like that where living in basically utopia. Humankind is striving towards only having to do what you find fulfilling and as technology gets more advanced more and more people are able to live like kings. If that's a possibility for me I'm going to try my hardest to realize it because what else is important? So in that sense I'm not misunderstood at all, I'm just ahead of the curve.  

**Question 6**

There have been times when I've been hit by reality. This was mostly before my teens when I didn't think that far ahead and as a result became shocked when things that had been very fundamental to my life disappeared or changed. When I went from 3rd to 4th grade I had to switch school and at the new school I became familiar with people that were just insanely different from me. They were rougher, if you will. Up to that point I'd been a kid in the purest sense of the word. Everything was play because everything around me supported that belief. This new school tore that shit right off. All of the sudden you had to play a part. The concept of "being cool" was introduced, that is image. It was evident to me that people had a certain status. You only got to be friends with certain people if you met a certain criteria, if you knew the right people and dressed the right way. I think this happened way too early for me. When you're ten years old you're not supposed to care about those things. I would gladly have taken a few more years of stupid childhood and then being thrown into the teenage world when I was around twelve or thirteen. For me it wasn't natural for it to happen that early so I had to think a lot in order to confidently navigate the world. It has made me a suspicious person that'd rather think about and analyze social interaction before I'd take part in it which is kind of annoying because I still do that to a large extent. Other than that I basically feel like a kid at heart, lol. 

**Question 7**

I suck at brainstorming so this "question" is hard for me to answer. I guess I'll link stuff I'm interested in and tell you why.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVkenZQ8vRg 
This is my favorite (maybe only swedish) comedian. He's funny because he doesn't give a shit about hurting people's feelings when they're wrong, at least in his standup. My friend said that he felt like he was evil which is a good way of putting it. He's also said that he doesn't care if he goes down as long as he takes a few people with him. I like him and he has a podcast with some episodes in english. Check it out: https://soundcloud.com/aronflam

Okay there's nothing else.

Your questions where good at making me talk which I assume is what you where looking for since they're so general. I think the only reason this is still on people's mind is because it has been on a lot of people's minds so even though it's not relevant anymore people are still talking about it and making it seem important. That's why noobs still bring it up. The INTPs argue over definitons and can go to great lenghts explaining the metaphysical reasoning behind their thought. ISTPs generally don't give a shit and just stand by that they're right. A general rule of thumb is that the Ne type makes sure their argument is water proof whereas the Se type makes a statement and patches it up when someone points out a flaw. 

Examples

INTP: The only horse-like animal that has spots and horns is the giraffe. Therefore, that thing over there is a giraffe. 

ISTP: Stfu dude, that's obvious. I helped make the red lightning in David Bowie's face. Nah i dont think soYeah, silly and childish, very Ne-ish.

/s ENTPs and ENTJs are currently my favorites as well. Not saying my favorite people are those types; meant it more in an abstract way.
/estpWhy estp?Why?I always figured his ranting was because of Ne. I've never seen some sort of oneness apart from him obviously being asked a specific question that requires some sort of coherency. But yeah, I can see low intuition as well because he's very much into giving examples that point toward the principle he's formulating without becoming meta which is very Ni in my opinion. I'll watch the linked video and decide.Deciding a type based on one sentence is shallow. Saying he's not an estp because he doesn't want to take action is shallow and incorrect. In the video he's hammering down one point with real world examples. He doesn't go on tangents or find contradictions in the logic the way an entp would. He has a point that he's certian of and makes damn sure everybody is on the same page. He has the intense, almost aggressive look someone with strong Se would have as well. How's that?"Ne-Si for sure"? Explain yourself. Where are the tangents, the laid back-ness? That's not Ne. If you have weak Ni your Ne is also weak. Ne isn't about unrelated things. Ne is very good at making things relate to each other. So he doesn't use Ne according to you. 

Si is laid back.Wtf dude? I want to be a philosopher and Im an estp. What do you think Se is anyways?No, your tertiary function is weak. He isn't laid back because he has messy hair and a loose posture. I meant grounded and chill which he isn't, but whatever. 

All the things he's discussing are examples, yes, that work to prove his final point. If Ni is "the essence" Se is what makes up its parts. He starts from the parts and works towards the essence. Ne doesn't really care about that. It goes from the essence to a lot of other different essences. So both Se and Ne can look scattered but Se is working towards the ideal whereas Ne is deriving things from it. 

I can see similarites, yes.He talks about happiness the entire video. He gives real world examples of why it is the way he proclaims it to be. Jumping from topic to topic isn't in itself Ne. As I said it can be Se as well. They're scattered for the different reasons I stated. Now it's you that's making things up and changing the topic entirely because you don't have any arguments, you fucking dumbass. What's he trying to illustrate?On a side note, I actually want to become a philosopher. &gt;This alone disqualifies you

Why?That's not what Se is about though. This stereotype that Se only enjoys sensory stimuli feels like people only read that it says sensing and then assume a bunch of bullshit. Se is direct, yes. It focuses on what's present. That doesn't mean it can't be abstract though. N vs S isn't real world vs abstract thought. That's a simplification that doesn't do any type justice. It focuses on what's present in the information that's presented to it. Usually that's real world stuff but if the estp is interested in for instance philosphy you're going to see a philosopher that's to the point, no bullshit, doesn't go on tangents but sees and tries to explain the essence of a thing. Cognition isn't about your actions.It means that the test doesn't work. Agreed, although the distinctions that can be made are probably minimal. You can't control if he's going to hate you or not so you're better off just being yourself and if he doesn't like you that's fine, you wouldn't want to spend time with someone you can't be yourself around anyway. Although, he probably thinks the things you're worrying about are cute little quirks unless you're talking about killing cats or something. 

As for being nervous around him, that's normal and should go away when you've spend a little more time with him. If you want to open up to him you could tell him the reason you're being nervous, like why you where shaking at the cinema. If at some point you know that you like him you could tell him that was the reason.  noPlato, Schopenhauer, and Wittgenstein are a few popular examples, although debatable of course. ESTP. Listen to episode 911 of The Joe Rogan Podcast.NiNo wayLol, that *is* MBTI. Typing by functions is something cooked up by the internet hivemind. Ask people that know you in real life, not strangers on the internet who only know you through your own biased text. And when you do, don't ask leading questions or put up scenarios but rather ask them if you're too controlling (organizing functions) or too spontaneous (gather functions), and if you'd rather let reasons (thinking functions) or sentiments (feeling) guide your decisions. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWHGTqt5sjQ&amp;t=0s 

Why are you an INFJ?Try to unite as many people as possible to start a community. The more people you have the more likely you are to survive.The main character from The Good Place is probably an ESTP.Listen here, Oedipus...Well he’s a sensor and introverted. I’ve only played the game tho so you kinda make him what you want him to be.The statistics that exist have been done for workplace evalutation. Obviously types like ESTJ are going to be the more common result in those settings since their traits are more valuable there. I.e people exaggerate on the questions regarding J and S.Why would anyone come? Why are you doing this?^4/10What were you expecting?Well you downvoted me so I think you’re lying.What’s your problem?So putting effort in = could not be better? 

You people... It's not the Mona Lisa, it's a drawing in one color of some faces that he thinks represents personality types. 4/10 is honestly generous.Given how hard art is and how much he is yet to learn landing a 4/10 is pretty good in my book. I don't understand why anyone even cared what I think.Haha, tell that to your defenders.Then I apologize, I didn't mean to offend anyone by pulling a rating out of my ass.Well I don't know how he could since I'm not an artist myself. I just saw a random picture taking up space and decided to give my 2 cents in hopes better pictures might take it's place.This comment is a 2/10.Well fuck.People's art is going to be judged that way by everyone on the internet. No one is going to tell you "Well I would have purchased this if it wasn't for so and so". I'm just telling him my opinion, worthless as it is. Everyone is already thinking it anyway. Just count the upvotes it's going to get.No stupid, the OP.You must be so fun at parties! You make me laugh out loud every time you say something!

I have accepted -  nay, known it all along infact - one of those things and it's not that my comment contributed nothing to the OP.I bet deep down you wish you were more like me.And how far do you think that will get you in life?It’s not literally not worth anything, it’s just worth very little since I’m just a random guy on the internet.Then you should fuck off, even though you’re not the same guy.He never asked.Well, I won’t.He didn’t have to, just like I didn’t have to explain my reasons.Hey here I am again! This one is definitely a 2/10.
And you know what, here’s why: if it wasn’t for the cake there would be no way in hell to tell what types these people are, apart from the title ofc. Not much unlike your other post but at least you made 1 out of 4 people look kinda cool which pretty much nails it down to the NTs. 

Tips for improving: try adding a more comedic element if you want more people on this sub to care. Or any story element really since right now you’re just drawing faces which has no meaning whatsoever if it weren’t for you using MBTI to give them that.

This post is ironic for anyone wondering wtf I’m doing.So you only say nice things to people. Have fun in life being passive aggressive.Day ruined for me. :(Yeah no this isn’t trolling. What I am doing is giving an honest rating to something, but as I expected people only want you to hear praise. I think that’s really dumb. I don’t want to see shitty pictures that don’t make sense when I go to r/mbti, and I say that.You know what, you’re going to have to be mean sometimes, but only if it’s for a good reason, OK? I happen to think that in this case I have good reasons.It’s better to reevaluate yourself before assuming you’re something no one has seen before. If you’re an INFP you will have low sensing, piss-low actually, and sensing is a vital part of the 8 imo. Consider if you will still think you’re this type two weeks from now, and if not why are you changing?No, I’m not an MBTI reddit professor.I do like the attention but I’m not doing anything just to get it, I have my reasons. I don’t see why my critique is worthless though, I could be a potential buyer of his art!Who says ENTPs are common as 8’s? The ENTPs? I don’t trust what people claim they are, they could have claimed that for many many reasons and only one of which is that they know what they’re talking about. Everyone wants to be an 8, don’t trust the people who claim to be one.Oh these are from that one website. Now I see.In what I wrote I disregard your second paragraph. Your first paragraph hinges on the second which has been disregarded for stated reasons.How could I?Because they’re intuitives. Short answer I know im in a rush.Because they are more detached from worldy affairs which means they have less control over their surroundings. Look into socionics to get more of what I’m saying.Become more familiar with your weak functions. Do this by hanging out with people different from you. ESFPs would be ideal for an INTJ.Ok this was a funny comment. My irony requires one to read another post though.OK, your understanding is right in the sense that that’s how they’re often represented. It’s wrong in the sense that it misses the core aspect of all enneatypes, namely that each type has a complex related to their biggesr fear. That fear is what gives rise to certain behaviours like the confidence and assertiveness of the 8. 

The basic fear of the 8 is being controlled which they usually counter by being the ”alpha” that control is given to.It’s easier to be controlled in the physical realm than in the imagination. I’m gonna revise what I said though and add that Ne-valuing types are less likely to be 8s. Ni-valuers are probably very likely since they have low Se and therefore would feel some sort of inadequecy in that area, namely the area of control over one’s environment.I did change my statement slightly to include Ni-users into the group that’s likely to be 8s. You can see my reasoning above.I wouldn’t because it all hinges on people describing themselves which probably the least reliable source of information about oneself.No you’re not.Pander to his emotions. They are what drives him to do what he does yet he is probably largely unconscious of them. Be polite and understanding and he will try being the same towards you.

Although it’s probably not his personality type that’s the problem. Don’t be stuck in the mindset that a person is bad because an MBTI type - because they’re not.Probably not but idc.*tumbleweeds tumbling by*This seems to be almost entirely BS imo. Where did you get this info?That’s not a source. 

What you call ”relates neatly” I call poor conjecture. Your descriptions are either way too specific or too behavioristic to be called ”cognitive theory”.I changed my comment a bit. Not everything you mentioned is behavioral but most things you mentioned are still too specific to be applicable to a large number of people of a set type. Most people could have a hazy relationship to the past for instance.If you want good desciptions of types I suggest you look into socionics since that theory is created by actual scientists with financial backing, not random youtubers who like descibing how special intuitive types are.Breaking Bad, Homeland, Chernobyl (only 1 season), Avatar: The Last Airbender (it’s a kidsshow but still worth watching imo), The Office, Black Mirror, One Punch Man, Westworld, Mad Men, DexterObjective personality are really the only ones doing it right.No, use google. Look for Dave and Shan.Google ”objective personality introduction”.7/10Yes, this seems trustworthy.Wow you even found a study to back up the trolling.Lol, a light wind is going to knock that tree down to hell and then it can never grow upwards again.Ah, this reminds me of kindergarden. This whole sub does....INFJ

”I have serious emotional issues”Can relate. Cheers.Where did you get this information? 
Who uses this terminology?

I will teach you the path to the correct way of understanding MBTI should you just give me the names of those who have preached this false gospel.

I’m actually serious btw.Is this door slam thing just a way of getting around not being able to deal with people you have a problem with and being afraid of setting up boundaries?

Because I have a feeling it is....That’s the same sub that we’re in?You don’t think the text in the picture is describing a person with emotional issues?lol i could have been more clearI'm sure there are jobs for that too.I mean just shut up.You have a lot to learn....Ok, so exactly what I said then.What’s that supposed to mean? And don’t bother giving me another passive aggressive answer.Now do one of intuitives, retard!Then the ENTP typing is correct after all.I understood you meant that, obviously. I didn’t understand what I had to learn though.I didn’t? You must think I did because I jokingly called you a retard. Now do another one please please please. I love your sense of humor!I don’t think you’re really depressed but if you are there’s a solution. It’s doing something anyway, every day. Working out, cooking food, learning new stuff, interacting with friends. It’s better than cyclical depression for 5 years.Good luck, retard!I just meant that he can keep his mouth shut and no one will fire him.
I may have a real life example that I've been noticing a lot recently. A lot of my Ne dom friends are very interested in movies and love focusing on the tiny details that went into the production. They pick apart things like jump-cuts and acting dynamics constantly. Now, this may also just come from a deep love and understanding of movie production, I'm not entirely sure. But i have never been interested in those details. I love a movie for the single overarching idea it pulls off. I look for symbols and big picture i can take away from it. I know a person who could fit this dilemma also, but in reverse. He keeps to himself more often than not. He likes to work on pretty physical or mechanical jobs. He's generally a pretty carefree but private guy. His Te-Ni functions only really show themselves in large social settings where he's perfectly comfortable taking charge and overseeing activities and the well-being of the group.
As long as i can keep it stable i love my train of thought, but man can things get complicated. 
This is my biggest issue and i'm only now beginning to conquer it. I tend to let people walk all over me as long as it keeps them happy and any hint of conflict is avoided. It's led to some pretty horrible and hilarious situations looking back. INFJ, 60% on both. Not really sure what to make of this. Good for you.I find lots to despair over. Minorities, science (particularly my field), social progression in general. However the devil's advocate in me smiles at the fact that our country really can be this ugly. Even in my own family i see these hateful and despicable attitudes fueled by our new hero, and its disgustingly beautiful to be reminded of reality. 
I do think most reactions are a bit dramatic. There are a few minor places i see potential in Trump, but this election has ultimately given me a new and somewhat cynical perspective on the people around me. 
INFJ I always thought Kirito and Asuna from SAO were a great example of an INFJ-ENFP duo respectively, but i could be wrong. A different type is not a road to satisfaction or overall happiness. Your type is how you process information. You just gotta learn to work with it. Everyone struggles with some aspect of their type and its all about maturing and developing functions. But first you have to learn how to get comfortable with square one. Detachment I do without conscious thought. Its almost annoying to constantly look at things this way.  So separated from emotion or so zoomed out. It gets in the way of truly passionate activities including my field of work and even occasionally sex. 

Prediction and Speculation is secondary and conscious but its like a constant game i play. I can pick up on my friends' patterns and trends quite well and sometimes respond to their thoughts or jokes before they say them. This one is incredibly fun. Heh you could say that. A young earth creationist VP doesn't bode well for paleontology as a whole. Yeah good point. It may also have to do with the different forms of thinking (visual, verbal, pattern... which might also correlate to type?) who knows. I'm a heavy visual thinker which fits nicely with synesthesia so perhaps one causes the other. It makes my inner world pretty colorful! And yeah sometimes synesthesia can be temporarily gained via psychedelics, as new pathways are made in the brain when tripping. The taste thing is cool and i definitely don't have that one! When I was a kid though i used to have a form where textures of my surroundings were associated with attitudes... which kind of just sounds like anxiety manifested in a strange way. 
I would have nightmares about the wall being too "rough" and therefore angry. Oh cool could you explain further?
Like, when you hear something do you feel a texture like you would if touching a surface? Or does it feel like it's pressing on you somehow? Oh wow this is completely opposite me. And I didn't know about this at all. Would this affect artistic abilities? It takes a long time for people to find out i think. For me it started when people would make the colors on letters wrong (or not at all) when coloring, or they questioned what i was doing by correcting them. It seems like in all descriptions of the taste association, people are talking about mainly bad ones. Do you have any words that taste or feel great?
Also, if you were to learn a new language would the tastes automatically come with new words? 
Sorry for all the questions :P Woah i haven't heard of SPD before. I'm looking it up but everything seems to give me the basic definition and nothing more. This is really interesting though!
Annnd I took an enneagram test once and scored highest on type 5, but I haven't looked into it enough to fully understand that. This could be a cool connection. It seems like maybe synesthesia comes at it the opposite way? I automatically assign extra sensation to my experiences. It heavily affects how I listen to music or hear people. Affiliative Could someone explain sokka being entp to me? I always hovered between entp and entj (which i know are completely different functions) 
I dont really see Fe in him, and he pushes others boundaries a whole lot less than either type would do (entp because its fun and entj because they arent bothered by it) INFJ... not sure of the rest.
I guess it all depends on what you want out of life. If you can be sure you're all mature and are certain there wont be emotional problems then why not?
Unfortunately every open relationship or polygamous/polyamorous relationship Ive seen (in college) lead to heartbreak on one or multiple ends... but it seems like none of the participants were ever actually ready for that kind of relationship. 
Personally, Ive always sought out a committed relationship to "the one" or as close as i can get to it. So no polygamy for me.   Well yeah every relationship requires mature partners to work. Im not saying it doesn't. But from only what Ive observed, at least one person in every "open relationship" I've seen agreed to it and couldn't handle their partner being with other people and it got messy. So maybe a better way to describe what i was talking about is that the terms weren't clear enough or someone was hiding doubts. 
Hey another infj here... you just described me to a terrifying amount of accuracy. I thought i was off somehow or didnt quite fit with everyone being so sweet and gentle. Heh yeah thats more what i meantSlightly alternative answer: i have synesthesia and most sounds, letters, and concepts have colors associated with them. This also applies to functions so here they are:
Ni: dark blue
Ne: peach
Si: maroon
Se: grass green
Fi: deep red to purple
Fe: mustard yellow 
Ti: silvery blue 
Te: white-yellow (lightning)
Dark blue haha. Kind of fits with Ni ENxP 
I have an ENFP ENTP dynamic duo that do this all the time. Though it's usually the T's ideas. clicked the first link on r/holdmybeer and saw a good lil bit of death. Back to kitten gifs i go. I know an INTP that will mediate *every* conversation to be as politically correct and considerate of others as possible, so this is up there. Makes it kind of hard to express my shit humor sometimes. *phew* It is strange for sure. It was really hard for me to type him at all because i couldn't tell if he was bleeding out for every politically affected soul out of stress or what. But he told me INTP and it seems to make the most sense otherwise. He's not the most stable person. This sounds about right. I dont know too much about enneagram but it does tend to explain the confusing differences of mbti a bit better. Also individuality in generalDad's INTJ and mom's ESTJ. I can relate so hard. Parents needed to know what i was going to do with my life by age 6. My mom is ESTJ and dad is INTJ. I'm INFJ and my younger sister is ENFP. It was a pretty big struggle for my mom to get over giving birth to two semi-whimsical feelers. Do you have a source for the sociopath part? Ive had a few questions regarding that for a whileOoh great thanks! Do you think this is something that can be grown out of or in to? 
As a kid i tested very high in sociopathic tendencies... cold, manipulative, and actively used people as objects as described until the end of high school. I managed to turn this mostly around a couple years ago. But even though i (checked and re-checked many times) relate most to INFJ, my Ti always seems disproportionately strong compared to Fe.  
Anyone else have something like this happen? 
I ultimately relate most to INFJ because i know i use the Ni-Fe-Ti-Se combo. 
Ni most of all, i am always thinking/talking in metaphors that lead up to a single crucial point. The second most common type i test as is INTP and i absolutely don't relate to Ne at all. I don't understand the rapid branching ideas, i am consistent and solidly focused on one symbol/connection at a time. After experiencing INTPs here and irl i can also be sure i don't relate to the semi-pedantic steps of reasoning. It makes my head spin. 
My use of Fe has changed over the years. I no longer find people's drives and use them for a personal benefit. More recently Ive used it the way its generally described. I monitor social situations for the best way to harmonize, and i compulsively act based on what will make people comfortable. This function is always present but often uncertain. 
If I'm feeling lazy or a bit too comfortable, Ti-Se can take over sometimes and i can be an obnoxious ass. I'll run strictly off dark shitty humor and say offensive yet possibly funny things to see who reacts in which direction. This is basically meant to establish my own boundaries around people i'll be stuck with for future reference. I pick apart people's behaviors and look for the "why" behind every action. I like understanding each perspective in conflicts and I enjoy debating any side if I know the basis for it. 
When dealing with people I truly do care about, i'll revert to the puppydog eyed sweetheart that will do anything and everything for them. Nothing really means more to me in life than the people I've invested in. If you're comfortable with it, could you describe the no sense of self thing a little further? I have a friend with a similar childhood experience and they possibly do something similar. Yeah i have. INTJ or ENFJ would be closer because I'm certain of the high Ni. But i resonate with Ti too strongly for INTJ. When it comes to Te, I'm lost. I don't focus at all on execution of plans or application. I'm much better at analysis and breaking down what already is and making predictions based on that. My grandma, dad, best friend, and close cousin are all INTJs and i get along with them famously, but they will always place personal goals miles before other people and its the one area that causes tension between us. ENFJ places Ti too low in the stack for me to be comfortable with that fit, and I'm not extraverted. I spend a lot of time alone in my head and social interactions quickly become draining. Despite best efforts I'm not too great at fitting in either...Not really. I think it actually energizes me. I cant help but take conversations to a deeper more abstract place than people were often prepared for and theres hardly anyone to bounce it back for me... so i turn it into shitty humor and get a laugh or two.
I had an INTJ best friend i could be intuitive with all day every day and it was amazing. ENFP roommate and i will be chilling on the couch on our phones and she will just look up and *scream* at the top of her lungs. No context, no explanation. Love her, but 98% of my near-cardiac-arrest moments are because of her. Not calming whatsoever. Why have i never thought of this... She just got a kazoo today. Voldemort?Swampert or Lanturn 
WaterX____ combos are amazing for sweeping teams. Since we're on the *mbti* subreddit i'll answer 
A lot of male Fi users ive known very seriously considered military careers when they were younger. Most of them grew up and found other pathways eventually but this seems to be a reoccurring theme in my personal experience.
The people i know in the military now are mostly Fi users as well. This could also all be coincidence, as i doubt any large group of people could be functionally imbalanced that much. Had this exact situation over a recent summer course trip out west. Freshman INFJ had been annoying the shit outta me all year. Bubbly, weird, adorable, sometimes fake. "Stop doing that. Why are you acting like that?" Until i realized thats exactly how i looked and acted around people my freshman year. We ended up bonding over the trip and I was kinda startled to learn she looked up to me. ExTPs are a personal fav for the amount of savagery. Why do NFJs make you feel like a rat in a fucking cage You might not recognize it, but i guarantee with the amount of people we are forced to interact with in life everyone knows a person of each type (likely many) pretty well. 
"Ive never met an xxxx before." Yes you have. Ah. Well you're right. You've found some immature people. Unhealthy Fe is manipulative by nature... but mature NFJs know when to give space. So how is it like a pool? Just curious Speech patterns are a cool key here. Dont know if it could ever confirm a type though. About 50% of the ENFPs i know absolutely vomit their sentences in short rapid fire and trip up a lot. One of my best friends talks so fast its sometimes hard to understand if you don't know him well. 
My roommate enfp doesn't do this at all though and appears very relaxed most of the time. This makes sense to me. A lot of cliche articles like to associate nirvana with infj and i never clicked with that. Maybe others do INFJ
Devil Like Me by Rainbow Kitten Surprise
Kinda silly band name but... wow
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=vbtjOdniPLkWhat do you think of Thom Yorke? Radiohead must be one of the most popular bands on the infj subreddit and a lot of people type him as one. Heh ok i sorta thought so. INFJ here. For early childhood, I don't think so. I definitely wasn't calm and quiet. I was raised by an ESTJ and INTJ though so it was either become a strong personality or dissolve away in that household. I was demanding and disobedient. It wasn't until later elementary that i started to fall in with the descriptions.   Nearly half of my close friends in college have turned out to be ENFPs, including my roommate and SO. 
ENFPs can account for some of the most selfish people I've ever met, as well as some of the most colorful and electrifying. I adore the bubbly creativity and positive energy they radiate. They can so easily bring me out of my shell or change the dynamic of a room with their motivating presence, whereas I would just stick to my corner or wall. When they care about you, they make it very clear. 
They can also be flakey, hard to communicate with, and perpetually indecisive. They rarely seem to plan ahead for anything, which can be maddening, and they have a tendency to fly through friend groups. 
These descriptions are of both mature and somewhat immature ENFPs in my life.
Most of my favorite college memories involve an ENFP, simply for the intense emotional and intellectual connections we have. They both frustrate and amaze me. 
Te. Awful at simply taking charge in a group or delivering orders unless I'm very comfortable with the people around me. I'd rather ask for opinions before deciding. I also avoid conflict at all costs, even if I'm taking unwarranted shit from others. I'll usually just leave it be.
Im also terrible with Si, although my definition of Si changes basically every week. Whether it be memory or routine or familiarity with experiences, its not there. I cant navigate worth a hoot and i forget most due dates, names, conversations, etc. And i cant stick with a routine. Yes and no. Fe is judging, as in decision making, but not necessarily dominating in a social setting. I'm not very "business" oriented by any definition of the word. Interaction wise? I can work well with people given enough time, sure. But I'd prefer to sit back and allow them to decide the best plan of action for themselves and see how it turns out. 
I have noticed in personal experiences that ISFJs seem to use their Fe in a more business-like manner. So perhaps this is what you've seen? This sounds INTP ish but that may be because of anxieties masking extroversion.
Then again it may not. I know a couple INTPs who behave similarly to your description. Get to know people. If you think everyone around you is shallow or boring you're not actually opening up and listening to them. Small talk and gossip are a major part of highschool but so is exploring the abstract and philosophy and the hypocrisies of society and being plain old angsty. Try harder. Your type doesnt switch. Unless you're regularly taking psychedelics. I remember depression in phases. During each phase, i "thought" i was depressed until the next phase hit. And then that one became worse. 
Think back to how you were when you still liked to do things for yourself. My favorite hobby is/was drawing.  For a year i stopped drawing, and i'd always want to go back to how i was when i still liked to create. 
My personality definitely altered during depression but my type is still the same (infj). So try to remember the way you were and keep going. Close friend entp recently confessed a long standing love for me and honestly i had no fucking clue. He treats me like he treats anyone else, which is in a semi-business like manner with a constant hint of mischief. He is not emotional at all, but was somehow surprised when i said i was clueless.
Bottom line: there is no way. That makes sense generally, but I'm not sure i'd call it formal. How i described him is his relaxed state too. Even when drunk, high, etc. He's still focused on the pros and cons of whatever possibilities or transactions the day may hold. His emotions only show in who he prioritizes. 
*so OP, maybe pay attention to his priorities? Yeah also Ni user here, "Purpose" is definitely not my first pick for a descriptor. I don't look at flowers and have the desire to assign them a purpose. That would be exhausting.I think corn would be conservative. Ni is subconscious bubblings. Just saw this post too and hey i obviously cant type you from this amount of material but you're dealing out some pretty Fi-seeming stuff. Lol nah point being, you cant assign politics to cognitive functions. Politics are incredibly environmentally contextual. I think i focus most on perspective. I try to understand people's motives and reasons behind why they are them. But i dont really try to fit them into a spot in the universe or ask their purpose. What interests me most is why and how of people existing today. Ni is like roots gathering information and synthesizing into overarching themes subconsciously. It picks up on patterns and pieces things together without the user doing much work. 
Because it is intuitive it tends to lend itself to the abstract more often, and depending on the functions its coupled with, may lead to questions like yours or mine (purpose or perspective) but its hard for me to put a specific word to. Ive seen Ne occasionally likened to productive ADHD. And while i wouldn't say Ni is all focus, my train of thought is constantly abstract but steady. Last week i had an INTP friend tell me he couldnt play elder scrolls games without researching every tidbit of information he could about that universe... However i dont know any manipulative INTPs. I do know 3 manipulative ENTPS that sorta fit this bill.With such a large sample i'd assume it closely mirrors the average percentages of types overall, however in personal experience many of the male Fi users I've known wanted to serve in the military when they were young. Istp or intpINFJ-A (correct!)
A lot of the questions seemed highly copycatish from 16personalities, so try writing questions from new angles or perspectives... Otherwise i dont see the point of creating your own. 
But hey it works so good start! Friendly caution: a lot of recent "constructive" additions to mbti were created with the intention of just selling more books. Mbti works best when concise I basically resembled a sociopath until Fe kicked in and rocked my emotional world in the middle of highschool so i seriously doubt the expected "mature" form of a type will reveal itself until far into young adulthood.
Ive given up trying to type my younger sister (middle school) because her social energy is a rollercoaster. You cant really isolate functions like this. 
Depression is caused by chemical imbalances in the brain, experience of loss, or when you don't take care of yourself properly. If you need exercise, then exercise. It doesn't mean you've been "neglecting your Se" and need to ramp up the use of that one function again. My father and close cousin are both INTJ and many parts of your description stuck out to me as similar to their behaviors and ideas. My father has very dry, deadpan humor. He is extremely motivated by his goals and takes pride in his work. He acknowledges other perspectives and opinions and can understand the reasoning behind them, even if he does not share them. He is fairly jovial in the workplace, but only shares his true opinions on life with his closest companions (me, my mother, and his best friend) 
My cousin is very similar, but he is more morally flexible. 
Your categorizing and seemingly yes or no decision making sounds Te and Si. Your controlled distancing from strangers and acquaintances sounds introverted, possibly hinting at Si being your dominant function. Your morale system says Fi, as you are very confident in the traits you seek out in others and wish to surround yourself with. 
Perhaps ISTJ, or maybe INTJ. 
With a shorterish description like this i cant tell sensing vs intuitive, but since you haven't mentioned any intuitive tendencies I would tentatively suggest ISTJ. Along with this there is also the possibility that most tests cant decipher true functions in a female Thinker who has learned to be in touch with their emotions, and a male Feeler who has learned to play the executive role. 
INFJ. I don't fit the general "quiet and polite" stereotype though and this had me questioning for a solid two years. Ive checked through INTJ, INTP, even ENTP, and something never fit quite right. I knew i was Ni heavy and Fe/Ti. A yearish ago a shrooms trip showed me what being an Ne-dom was really like and it confirmed for me that i was naturally an inverse to that. *Extreme* lack of perspective buddy. Yes thats my point. The tests are bad at making that distinction. An emotional Thinking dominant person would likely test as F, and vice versa. It was absolutely surreal. One of my ENFP friends had sworn he turned ESTP for a trip and i didn't know what to think... then a year later i switched into ENFP on my own trip. It became very hard to control what i said. Normally my thoughts are progressively organized and i can pick and choose the best way to word things before speaking. This was a rapid storm of ideas that i couldn't get a grip on unless i spoke them aloud. 
How would you say your thoughts changed? (If you can remember) This really just sounds like you're processing your day and zoning in and out. Fairly sure everyone does this. Yep. Especially if an activity has been repetitive recently, i'll naturally go through the motions of that activity in my head without thinking about it. Yeah haha definitely Ni. That was my first real proof of how differently we all think. Try looking at Fi-Ne descriptions Could you link me the test you used? My inner head voice is sometimes my own voice and sometimes different celebrities saying my thoughts in a funny way. Sometimes its benedict cumberbatch, sometimes is peter dinklage as tyrion lannister. Boyfriend: ENFP
Roommate: ENFP (f)
Best friend: ESTP (m)
Close friend: ENTP (m)
Newest close friend: INTP (m)16, ENTPI want to live in the Tolkien universe :( INFJ, agnostic. A lot of people on this thread seem to try to validate their beliefs or non-beliefs with "logic" and questioning, which is good to see. But Ive noticed that "blind faith" doesn't exist as prevalently as we like to think in the general population. Religion and spirituality are deeply personal, and often times the "proof" or "logic" behind it comes from experiences that the subject would never be able to properly communicate with others who are questioning the faith. A "miracle" for one person does not translate to the next. The stories my father tells about his experiences seem very powerful and impacting on him, and for that reason his faith is soundly secured. But I never had those experiences and thus lost my faith and thats okay too. 
My (INTJ) father taught me (INFJ) to zap clouds when i was little... and honest to jebus it scared people who watched us do it. But I've since grown up and lost the magic. Tried over and over to find an indicator for cause and I cant. At this point I'm close to saying its entirely random. No correlations anywhere. Care to elaborate on the dog bitten head hitten thing?Intp friend is unhealthy but thats because his self esteem melts through the floor he stands on. Not dangerous at all but needs reassurance constantly. 
"Unhealthy" comes in many more forms than you've experienced. These are some of the best descriptions ive seen, and i'd even use some of them to help others understand (Ni was pretty good too!) But something about the Ti and Te dont sound right to me. Depending on how detached from the subject people are, I've seen Te and Ti doms exhibit both of these descriptions on a daily basis.Okay i can kind of see how that makes sense now. I also start with principles I understand and then apply them to the subject and circle back around. And no problem! The rest is comprehensive and concise. Thank you! Love the album you're (hopefully) usernamed for :) INFJ - Theorist You could try to apply a function to this scenario but honestly i think everyone gauges themselves in conversation... Or ups the energy when amongst friends. I do this. My ENFP roommate does this. My INTP friend does this.  It blows my mind that people are saying they've never "met" another of their type. Recognized another? Maybe. But never met another? You totally have unless you're in grand-scale isolation. People are everywhere and so are the types. 
The INFJs I know are often just as quiet and apprehensive to make a first move in conversation so i never get very close with them. The similarities in thinking are fun to relate to, but also somewhat mundane to me because i love finding variety in the way people perceive things. Yep! I think it clears up the differences better too. Myself, quite often. Im just outgoing. I imagine there are others like mePractice and working off social anxieties i guess ENTJThank you!! My first time celebrating :)Sounds ENFP screamed ENTJ to meMost of my enfp friends exhibit both of these funnily enough. Empathy is not the first quality that comes to  mind when describing the ones i know. And only half of them have future plansAmerican Horror Story Perhaps
They go back and forth between personal and social dynamics. This is switched... and i wrote this description a while back. 
Edit: im sure others probably have tooAnything like this for Ni-Fe or Ni-Ti? Or is that just NAA Toad. Caught and kept toads all my life as pets (even in the dorms). Then after a year of looking for any fossils from my research site that may belong to a new species what do i find? A fucking prehistoric toad. Sealed it for me. Motion Picture Soundtrack - Radiohead
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6ju8xO_Zvfo
INFJ I hadn't heard this version thank you! Its an intense song. The first time i heard it was in the dark on a windy cliffside road during a blizzard. I had to be extra careful not to drive off the side while keeping tears out of my eyes. Since then its seen me through my best and worst. 
Edit for you:  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_ed6BqiFxLE
West World used a few Radiohead songs and covered them beautifully. Infj here,
I get along best with Ne doms, INTJs, and INTPsI have synesthesia so i think and perceive almost entirely in images, colors, textures, etc. INFP, now im sure you're aware that this is getting to be the joke of the subreddit. Yes i read all your comments and your justifications, and yes it still *screams* Fi dom. Start an adventure of your own personal development and stop trying to convince everyone. We've already given you our ideas, arguments, typings, exasperated offerings, and likely rude pleas for this to end. Another post will not solve this desperation. Its not bad to be Fi. On this account alone you have posted and received a little over ~300 comments worth of argument, some even belonging to me, and yet you keep screaming for an argument. You refuse to see and at this point it is worth no one's time. If you cant see for yourself then you need to relearn mbti, as everyone else here has.  I wonder why that is? I've got Hitler on my list. It seems every type's got some dastardly shitwits. I never checked online but i *knew* Wilson had to be INFJ. What a beautiful character. Also sorta debated but I'm pretty sure Sterling Archer (and Pam for that matter) are ESTP. Both my favorite characters on my favorite show. Thank you. Additionally, rejecting hundreds of people's suggestions and repeatedly *demanding* another argument or opinion because you didn't get what you want is straight up fucking belligerent. 
I'm tired of the public tantrums. It shouldn't be a permanent tool, but I could see how in a time of instability or sadness like this it could help make things easier. -Could you describe yourself from a time when you were happier? This is how i had to learn to type myself during depression.
-What were/are your interests and why? 
-How would you describe your relationship with your closest friend?
Ive never made written prompts before but i can try. I have a friend (INFP) who describes his depressive issues as demons. As an internal war with his demons, which he will never stop trying to defeat. 
Im sure many people use this kind of metaphor, but overall the descriptors you're using sound more F than T? 
*There is also the complication that I'm asking you emotional stuff so its gonna sound F anyway
Could you describe maybe how you interact with your girlfriend? When you first started dating, how did you two bond the most, what kind of conversations did you have? 
Not calling insincerity, but after getting to know descriptions of the functions and types well enough I can no longer blindly take mbti tests. I can answer as honestly as possible and yet still know what each question is asking for, and it subconsciously throws me off. If i try at this point i can take the test and get any result i want... which is why I think the online self-assessments work better on people less familiar with the system. 
Is it possible you're subconsciously trying to remain balanced when taking the test?Gotcha. Test could just be wonky then. I just took it and some of the questions seemed not very applicable to mbti. Whether you want to direct a play, work in a science lab, or write a song have nothing to do with type or functions. Cant smoke unless im alone or only with my roommate. It eliminates my ability to communicate with anyone (roommate is okay with this) and the lack of ability to say anything gives me extreme anxiety. 
Even when used properly, drugs can have complications. Often times when people claim their type has gradually changed, its because they are young adults who are mentally maturing. Someone may be very E as a kid and mature into an introverted type. 
Its also possible that mental disorders, trauma, and even psychedelic drugs can alter a type, but they do this by abruptly changing neural pathways. 
Last thing i can think of is the disappearance of a mental issue that had previously led someone to believe they were a different type.Ahh ok. I could see maybe planning for a heavier F or T gut-response to those questions. Keeping in mind though that music, acting, and science are large enough fields that the thousands of people (and respective types) involved just even out to resemble the total population. 
Nah i just say "i think" or "i feel" when conveying ideas. I have thoughts or feelings about Becky cheating on her boyfriend. Not so much intuitions.Yep haha. It seems the hell happened. My knowledge is limited but enneagram is closer to describing fluid behavioral temperaments right? MBTI indicates the way you process information, which is where the lines get blurry. The online assessments can only test for the typically observed behavior (or rather symptoms) of certain function stacks. This can lead to a translation disconnect. 
So just because you don't exhibit the same behaviors as others of your type doesn't mean you cant have that same function stack. 

It means theres maybe more familiarizing with the functions, and more self exploration. Some people fall so perfectly into their type description it hurts. Some people are nearly impossible to sort... but they do still have a function stack. Find the ways you differ from type descriptions and break down the "why" and "how" of the differences. It must be very comfortable for you to view the world through such a narrow opening. 
That or the trolling is strong. Okay lets break down this IQ thing here. IQ tests for pattern recognition and problem solving based on the ability to synthesize information subconsciously into patterns. That falls directly in line with intuitive functions. 
That isn't necessarily useful, in the real world when shit needs to be accomplished. Nor is it the "ultimate" form of intelligence. Theres emotional intelligence, street smarts, logic, and abstraction to name a few, but the list goes on. 
I know an INTJ qualified for Mensa, who does nothing but sit on his ass all day in coffee shops and waste his parents' money. That IQ hasn't done shit for him or society.  By that same train of logic, since sensors also have emotional intelligence, there isnt really a need for intuitives to be here. No statistic for lying to and manipulating people. Anecdotal is invalid. This is a fundamental failure to understand the functions. You're feeding your own compulsive manipulation and ego with an imaginary target, and you have likely mistyped most people around you based on your sorting of smart and stupid. I love looking out at nature... not so much people looking in though. Is this an illustration of Bilbo's home?
I'd love a hobbit hole or a cabin somewhere in the northern woods. PerfectI watched a few videos through and its really hard for me to tell when she only has herself to react off of. Do you know of any clips of her interacting with other people? Cant say for certain that we're the same type, but damn your writing is *scarily* identical to mine when i get on a philosophical binge, almost perfectly down to your choice of descriptors and syntax. I run along with metaphors throughout my writing, and even combine sentences the same way. Ive also had extremely similar visions about people and their invisible connections. So... maybe INFJ? Thank you! Seems to me either ESFJ or ESTP. She seems to enjoy teaching the public by explaining the small details about food and relating it to previous experiences or similar foods shes had in the past. She uses more facial expression than i see most ESTPs use which suggests higher Fe... but then again most ESTPs i personal know are males. watr/iamverysmartThe north is in my blood!!!!"Social media made him like this." Yeah okay and he never showed a sign of resilience or any true goodness. Now they will unmake him like this. I also use the "i think/feel" statements more. Im not sure there are many verbal or written cues so obvious out there. I agree. I think this tends to be the answer for a wide range of questions regarding different preferences and tastes. Very close friend is infp. We bonded two years ago over depression and morbid humor... it was only once i crawled out of my own pit that i realized we only egged each other on. Communicating that has been... nearly impossible, as he hasn't recovered quite as well. Im rooting for him, but I'm fairly certain my presence isn't good for him. Analyzation-annihilation 1-2 combo. Damn son.  Thats nice. ENTP 43.59
INTP  43.59
ENFP 41.03
Not sure what about my answers are so high in Ne but I've been pretty certain of my type for a couple years. I do use Ti quite a lot though. INFP Being a sensor wouldn't solve this issue. You're in a mental rut. I have a friend on the spectrum (Aspergers i believe) and he agrees that he's very clearly INFP. INTJ, ENTP, and INTP theoretical conversations leave me drooling. ENFPs are attractive in a fun adventurous way. Infj, love applying Se. I was an athlete and traveled internationally on a team for a while. I also grew up in a woods and still spend time there whenever i can. I don't like working out in gyms for other reasons, but i greatly enjoy hiking and just taking in the outdoors. Right, which is why i said applying. But since its a perceiving function most of my in-the-moment thoughts are reduced to just "do". When spending time in the woods, my usual thoughts and ideas fall away and i focus on everything happening around me. If I'm quiet enough, i can hear the wildlife settle back into their calls. I'll go looking for salamanders and toads under/near old logs, or catch crawdads in streams with my younger sister. Lake snorkeling is also an awesome way to immerse yourself in an environment where you can only *try* to see, understand, and interact with each new thing around you. I guess i use it as an escape from my regular thinking patterns. When hiking or snorkeling, you cant enjoy it fully unless you shrug off the future and just try to take in the natural world for a while. Oldest of two with a 6 year gap Could you elaborate on the "emotional reactions not being noticed by the INFJ"? I have a friend i really enjoy being around, but it seems his emotional reactions are kept so internally hidden that they never show unless he straight up tells me and then we're on level ground again. Huh okay. It seems like we both do the latter in this case. Whenever he does say something emotional or possibly distressed I'm very direct with addressing it. INFJ more like "Help me *help you*." Definitely had those momentsDevil Like Me by Rainbow Kitten Surprise
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rB3GPb-ylVI
Sort of an obnoxious band name, but this song touches on the way our perspective changes as we grow. The whole album is very purely human experience. I honestly believe the percentages are far more even than people want to be comfortable with. Seems mostly embarrassing? Talkin bout chemistry? ( ͡ಠ ͜ʖ ͡ಠ)HealthyI have one that i used to hate so much that I've come to love. 
"Wish in one hand and shit in the other, see which one gets full first." My grandpa's motto on working hard. It never made sense to me because 10 year old me always took it metaphorically (you could accumulate hundreds of wishes in a matter of minutes but you only shit once or twice a day maybe) whereas he meant it literally (wishes are non-tangible abstract concepts and they wont get you anywhere, meanwhile there is shit to take care of) They're all around you, pretty much the same as the sensors. People seem to have this idea that you can spot an intuitive a mile away because they'll be reciting *Thus Spoke Zarathustra* amidst a flowing herd of labor workers. Just pay attention to the different types of pattern recognition in people. Major Lord Of The Rings nerd checking in If obsession is inevitable, then focus on identifying the ways you personally differ from your type. Once you understand these aspects of yourself its much easier to reclaim your own unique identity away from mbti. Aw shucks If Yeah sometimes i *feel* very entp. Especially around friends i usually fill the role of that type. Im kind of outspoken, i make light of almost any situation, im not worried about how offensive i sound, and i enjoy debatesFunctions are not a competition. Ni takes in information subconsciously. Its not about smartness. INFJ, Slytherin Need a nap? I think Cranky counts as a feelingEven the accumulation of raw trivia can be considered a passion. Its very hard to (in conversational context) separate opinion/emotion from cold hard fact. Unless you're straight up walking into a populated room, shouting a fact, and immediately exiting. Lol ESFP *sensible fucking chuckle* I have this same problem with people. They say a thing and i relate to them with a story. Then i completely forget to ask any more about them because i sort of assume if they have something relevant to contribute they will just do so. This same problem has started to affect my social life as well. I wonder/figure out people's types before i even get close with them, and from there on its a game of fighting to understand them outside of this box, whilst simultaneously reaffirming how "thats so INTP of you." 
The problem is, this will never leave me now. ESTJs are bossy with efficiency in mind. Its not usually personal.
ESFJs are bossy with you in mind. It would be best for you/all of us to do this because it will help all of us. 
Example: 
-My ESTJ mom: "Unload the fucking dishwasher."
-BF's ESFJ roommate: "Were you aware that you left the dishwasher loaded this morning? I just hope you know you did that." 21Im feeling rather owlish. Ni for curiosity, Ti for comfort. Recently made an INFJ friend and its scary how much he sees and understands below the surface. He's the only person i cant get any sort of a read on, but i feel like he's constantly reading me. 
Ti doms are relaxing because they don't sugarcoat anything. They say exactly what makes the most logical sense to them and it has a balancing effect on me. I'm starting to understand that this subreddit *(full of people whose first introduction to mbti almost entirely consisted of stereotypes)* will never be able to escape the mindset of stereotyping. You talk a lot and i read most of it. This is something i have asked myself over and over again, and each time i have found that people break every single dichotomy i have set up for them. Every stereotype or pattern of consistency is defeated somehow. Every pattern ive searched for even in family trees breaks down. So unfortunately I'd say no. ...And in this comment we see an incorrect use of stereotyping, a misunderstanding of Ti, and a bastardized definition of the term "intelligence" You sound ENFP to me. Don't pay so much attention to the duality aspect yet, its really not practical or effective for finding love/friendships. That being said, on many less serious topics I'm rather morally flipfloppy and can easily play devil's advocate. However when it comes to certain topics such as the justice system as well as human and animal rights, i do not budge a centimeter. I don't view this as heavy Fi, just Fe and Ti working together for the best outcome. So if that sounds similar to you, don't rule out INFJ yet. Can relate. My mom is an ESTJ and i have yet to meet anyone else so AGGRESSIVELY black and white. She hasn't dared to jump outside her comfortable housewife perspective in maybe 20 years. I love her and all, but we clash constantly. I don't usually tell people my real opinions because devil's advocate is infinitely more entertaining than actually getting into the passionate muck of my stances on society. Compassion is not directly indicative of one function or the other, but how you arrive at it may be. Example: My roommate is ENFP (Fi) and we are both animal lovers who have spent a lot of time volunteering at the shelter. I take a somewhat detached approach to compassion, whereas she has a very whole-hearted personal approach. To me, the animals we work with have only arrived in that tragic situation due to the carelessness of another human. They are suffering because people didn't neuter their pets, or someone couldn't fulfill a promise to care for them. That is unjust and i want to do what i can to right that wrong. I feel that we owe them a better life because we brought them into this world. My roommate loves animals because she views them as the epitome of goodness, a personal value to her which cannot be challenged. She tends to get a lot more emotionally involved and determined with her work at the shelter, but cannot directly articulate what she is feeling or why. 
TL,DR: I'm compassionate based on what i see as injustices and unfairness in the world. My roommate is compassionate through personal emotional interactions that don't necessarily need to be questioned or explained. Been on here since 2015ish. During this time I've come to understand mbti much better just by observing people's descriptions of each function over and over and narrowing down what is really accurate on here. I only started contributing a few months ago, when i felt like I really had a decent grasp of the material and wouldn't just be spewing stereotypes. Though in the past 6 months the maturity of the subreddit has plummeted and I'm kind of getting tired of seeing the egotistical 15 year olds shit talk types they equate with the "inferiority" of their own peers. We get it snowflake, no one else has ever produced a thought about the universe before. 
None of this is helped by the fact that each person's introduction to mbti is nothing but a list of stereotypes that may fit them, but hey where else are you gonna start? Yeah... i haven't seen many youtube videos on mbti but the impressions and lists i have seen usually just focus on INFJs being soft and quiet, which I and &gt;50% of the INFJs i know don't really fit. 
More often than not, functions don't come together to produce "the typical XXXX" which is why people on this subreddit constantly say "well I've only ever met one ISTP in my life before." Which is ultimately a ridiculous statement. They've just only been able to *recognize* one. Shhh we're not allowed to say it Infj waterbending all the way. Hey guys, INFJ here with synesthesia. I see colors and images when I hear sounds, but really it can come in many different combos of sensory associations and projections. I'm going to guess this probably spans all types, but lets see if theres any correlation.
Anyone else here experience this?
Same for me. I work best if I'm able to watch and replicate. Or if I have to learn alone and figure out my own solution. I find I can listen and retain information if I'm also drawing, doodling ,or taking notes. Otherwise I forget to listen after awhile. I think for infj it would be a still gazing pond. It reflects back the emotion of whoever is looking in to it,  but below he surface it is deep and full of hidden lifeInfj: I compartmentalize as well and slowly try to process my emotions. Go to work as usual, exercise (which I normally don't do routinely) do an art or craft projext. Just something to lose myself in.  Reading helps too. My infp buddy said maybe someone dreaming Without time alone I get very cranky and frustrated. It can carry on in to my day causing loss of concentration and patience.  Too much time with people in loud environments can be very over stimulating and almost painful in a sense. If you understand her need to recharge and respect her boundaries you will be so appreciated!Let her know how you are feeling, and while you respect her need for alone time, it would be nice of her to tell you she will be out of contact for awhile. That way it is fair for you both. why a hat?Thanks for sharing ;PI'd be curious. Have gotten INFJ and INFP on the test. Looking at the functions I lean towards INFJI always thought that people with J personalities are more planners and list makers. they think more the of future than the present. 
entpFather: entp

Mother: enfp

Sister: isfj

Me: infjMe too. If I'm feeling depressed I have to force myself to take a shower and brush my hair. If I'm feeling great I will treat myself to a facial and spend extra time curling my hairthere are literally dozens of us!&gt;&gt;Being annoying but positive will irritate them enough to do something to avoid it, but prevent them from really being able to resent you.

I am going to try this! Thank youI am an INFJ and I really like working in the barbering industry. Most of my coworkers have done an MBTI test and the results were ENFJ/ENFP/INFJInfj- quietly angry and then later guilty for feeling angry.  I am prone to comfort eating but under great stress i get really intense stomach painAt their best: Creative, enthusiastic, empathetic, kind, hilarious, life of the party

At their worst: close minded, stubborn, manipulative, scatter brainedAncestry is $80 or soI know a TON of ENFJs. We took the test at work and over half the people were ENFJ. I think ya'll have one of the best personality types so I'm glad to be surrounded by so many :DThere are only 7 of us. It could be the field im in? We are cosmetologist but work at a men's salon.I have two female friends who LOVE this show. One is ESTP and the other is ESTJ. I am INFJ... I don't understand the appeal of it, but hey they seem to really enjoy itINFJs can be stubborn and rigid when we have our minds set. My entp husband can say something like its a 100% fact only when questioned more he will admit he doesn't know but what he said must be right. I love this man and took his word at face value for like 8 years until i figured out a lot of his facts are credible bullshitInteresting ideaInfj annoyed by enfj and enfpI've only ever meet unhealthy enfj females who can be super manipulative. I think enfps are fun, BUT when they swing to crazy side I don't want to be around. INFJ. Work in a customer service field (barber) and manage the store and my 9 employees. Great at sales.What symbol, animal, or sigil do you think represents each type or each function? Any infj managers out there? I manage a group of 9 people. I am so tired and over doing my job. Im tired of having to motivate people and repeat myself when they know what needs to be done.  My boss does not want to allow me to create an accountability structure. I like established boundaries.  If you do this then x happens if you dont do this x happens. He believes that only positive reinforcement works aka you did your job here is a prize essentially. Without structure i am just feeling very overwhelmed. My store is doing well with growth but I cant seem to disconnect when I leave.  Im tired of having to be responsible for everything 



Any successful infjs out there able to manage a team AND their own  emotions?I've always heard infjEntp dad and enfj mom... Total shit show
..and then they'll get you a glass of water.Then returns with some flavored water as an apology.I hardcore beat up my bro for blowing out my birthday candles..THE POWER. SO MUCH POWER. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH!




..Hey, where did everybody go?I AM JESUSHERESY xD
I got the same thing, actually. Interesting. Oh god, I'm working really hard on this, I swear. INFJ here. I actually did this a few days ago. Tall hot chocolate is my go-to. Works for everyone. I'm laughing so hard at this. I too cannot answer this question. How would I even begin to think about answering it????Yes, this is me as well. Plus, I grew up with a very strict mother when it came to cleanliness and organization. But it helps add structure to my world that my inner world can lack (although it's still organized... Just... Like... In a scattered sort of way if that makes sense)This just blew my mind. I'm also infj and typed as 4 but did not identify with it at all. I am not outwardly unique, nor do I make a great effort to be. I am quite normal looking but this just makes it even more impacting when someone tells me how weird, unique, and different I am. I don't try to be. I want to fit in. I want to make everyone around me comfortable. Don't get me wrong, I like makeup, and maybe I'll dress a little edgier than normal one day, and maybe I'll dye my hair blue-black (which to me is already edgy enough lol) but on the inside I am definitely different, I just don't value it as you said, but it's eventually noticeable to others especially when seeing how normal I look on the outside. They don't expect it so I am constantly bombarded with those same sentiments as you. I realize now that I was also answering some of the questions through an outsider's lense rather than my own. I'll have to retake it! Oooh, this is interesting! One of my best friends is INTP and I'm INFJ. I'd love to hear why you chose us as your  repulsed platonically. My INTP friend and I usually get along great and sometimes it's scary how we can be on the exact same wavelength, but there are definitely a lot of issues underneath, too.  Hahah, I know! I was just saying "what?!" the whole time I was reading it. It made me laugh though. The INFJ one is sooo wrong. That's a type of confrontation I would avoid like the plague and would just quietly remove myself from the situation, not do whatever the hell she's describing! It seriously reeks of that and yet manages to get most of the types wrong anyway! I couldn't stop laughingAnd I would never have the confidence to confront ANYONE in the middle of the hall nor would I be the type to bring attention to myself by putting up flyers that are apparently violating some rule. I cringed so hard reading that one due to the discomfort it gave me just imagining that scenario. I completely understand. How old are the INFJs? If they are younger, I can definitely understand this even more. I was certainly a lot more like what you describe when I was a bit younger (for reference I am early 30s), but it was very, very subtle. Most people wouldn't get that sense from me, but those close to me would say what you did. As I got older though, I think I've learned how to navigate people and relationships a lot better on the inside than only on the surface, if that makes sense. While I definitely still have some of those tendencies at times, I have matured a lot more when it comes to the nuances of my personality and relationships.

As far as the absolute statements go, do they truly mean what they are saying or is it more of a typical hyperbolic statement when they are overly excited about something? If you asked me what my favorite food is, I would have a very hard time giving you an answer because it is a VERY complicated process for me to pick JUST ONE thing out. I hate questions or situations like that. But if I experienced some super awesome meal or dinner I might make it seem like it's the best thing in the universe and only that thing is the best thing. But that's just because it takes a lot for me to truly experience things instead of just being content observing it or reading about it. Perhaps that's where that is coming from? I don't express excitement or really any strong, true emotion in front of others often, so when I finally do, I make it a much bigger deal and can come off obnoxiously so to others. (Here comes some of the superiority you mention) Because I believe that when I do express true emotions to someone, anyone, they should take it pretty seriously and it should be as big of a deal to them as it is to me since I don't do that just for anyone. It means a lot to me when I'm comfortable enough in my settings and surroundings to be able to do that. But this is just my experience and obviously they may just be plain and simple obnoxious!

As far as the other stuff goes, I am way different. I am very sentimental, but don't show it much. Only in small bursts. So I would never try and make anyone else get that way.

It sounds like they are younger, maybe early 20s? and are still maturing in their personalities. If they aren't, well, then I'm sorry, haha!

EDIT: okay I just realized this may come off exactly as you said an INFJ would...

&gt; They seem to think they're better than everyone else, and take this sort of holier-than-thou stance on a lot of things (especially relationships)

I don't mean to come off that way, I swear!
INFJ 

Logic/Math

Language

SocialLooks cool! A link to the results after a few days of letting this tick would be great. I suspect you should have made "US Citizen?" and "Voting age?" separate questions. That might indicate which one of them is the cause for choosing the option. I like you. Define "scientific"?So... Apperception?&gt;It's not likely true

How do you even assign a probability to something like this? It's impossible.  We can't really say whether it's more or less likely than that things are as we see them.You don't.I keep hearing people say this, but what's your source on this, out of curiosity? Brains develop, why not personalities?People can and do change who they are though. It's difficult, but a powerful experience, or a number of minor experiences can definitely push someone to change the way they see and process things. People are all gradually shaped by their environment.I know that feel.Never fully understood the distinction in this area.

As /u/TK4442 rightly pointed out, by "feelings" I mean in the sense of "how do I feel about this" in the judgement-function sense; is it good/bad/etc?
Hi! Now I'm usually a private person and I don't like to open up this much, but I think it's great that you're doing this. Thank you so much!!

1. When it comes to individuals, I like people that are friendly and easy-going, and not too stressful to be around. Though I do have respect for people who know when to be blunt and up-front, they can be a bit intimidating at times. Then again, I can't really stand people who are overly clingy and emotional, either. I'd say I like people who are laid back and kind, but know when to be honest as well. And when it comes to groups and organizations, I'd prefer something similar.

2. Like I said above, I really can't stand people who are too cold or too clingy. I also absolutely hate arrogance and selfishness; humbleness and selflessness are things I value quite a lot, and I guess it just bugs me when someone thinks they're better than everyone else or feels more entitled to something. Other than that, I'm actually having a difficult time answering this question? I feel like I'm blanking out aha...

3. It's funny—I actually have some really old memories that are pretty random and have no real significance but I remember them anyway. I remember being spoonfed in a highchair near the front door of my apartment, which we moved out of years ago. I also remember hearing a song playing at the ice rink when I was in elementary school (I'm 16 now), and asking my friend about it. But other than that, I have trouble recalling very specific details. I remember the general gist of what happened, but never exact words or conversations. I should mention that I'm really good at remembering music, though.

4. When I'm thinking in terms of time, I usually think about the present. In fact, I almost never look back into the past;  I don't even have photos saved on my phone, which I know a lot of people do for the "memories" (which is nice, but I just never feel the need for some reason... the storage on my phone concerns me more tbh). More often than not, though, I actually think about things that have no correlation with time, aka my interests, creative ideas for stories or art, relationships with other people, emotional state, philosophical subjects, etc. I'm more prone to meandering, I think. I don't daydream when I'm in a work setting, but when I'm alone, I tend to think about the things mentioned above, and I sometimes have imaginary conversations in my head.

5. I think I'd prefer someone fun that I could listen to. I'm not a very talkative person.

6. Anime, video games.... cries

7. I'll probably only confront someone as a last resort or when it's absolutely necessary, after subtly trying to express my opposition first. If I'm very close with the person, or if I don't know the person at all, I'll probably have more trouble. And it's probably more likely that I'll take action if it affects me directly. Although, I've never really had any serious disagreements with people, since I'm not a very opinionated person and people I know hardly ever seem to do anything disagreeable. When they do, it's usually something really minor that I'm okay with brushing off. I will say that I tend to argue with my family more often than with friends or strangers.

8. I'm interested in trying new things, like new hobbies, foods, etc. When it comes to the more extreme things, like roller coasters, I'm not sure. They sound really fun in theory, but they also sound terrifying. However, if a friend asked me to do it with them because they're afraid or something, I'd do it if it helped them feel better. I find myself picking up new hobbies pretty frequently, especially if they're accessible at home (like fiction writing, art, music, mostly creative hobbies). The extreme things.... not so much.

9. How other people perceive me is something I think about fairly often, actually. I've never actually asked people how they feel about me directly, but I do feel like the way I am "inside" and "outside" are a bit different. I consider myself more of an emotional and sensitive person, but judging by the way my friends seem to talk to me and act, I think I might actually come off as rather detached and rational, or at least more emotionally collected than I actually am. I have trouble expressing my feelings a lot of the time, and I'm usually really quiet and reserved. When I do speak, I find myself stopping often because I don't know what to say next, but there are times when I stumble over words. I usually speak in full sentences, sometimes I skip sentences, but it's usually hard for me to end a sentence without trailing off and going "so.... yeah." I only interrupt when I deem it appropriate. When I'm interrupted, I get mildly irritated, but not too much. I rarely ever feel like I have too much energy. I don't have too much of a problem getting up after relaxing, but I find it hard to wake up to an alarm.

10. It's usually when someone is looking at a problem from a different perspective. I was trying to tell my mother about what I perceived to be the problem between her and my grandmother when they were arguing (my grandmother was annoyed at her because of money issues, while my mother was annoyed by the way she was approaching her about it). I tried explaining their differences to her and that they were arguing about two different things, so that they could hopefully discuss things more reasonably, but she kept staying focused on her side of the story. Basically, I was trying to get her to see both sides, and she just wasn't getting it.

11. It usually takes me a long time. It'd be nice to talk it out with others, but I usually end up keeping it to myself in the end. I'd probably express my discomfort early on, but I wouldn't start talking seriously about it until I'm sure. And if it gets to that point, I'm probably not changing my mind. It depends, though. I think they're a little difficult to adapt to at first, but again, it depends, and I usually end up adapting relatively quickly regardless. I don't experience these big changes often; the closest I've come is switching schools. If I had more of those experiences, I think they'd result from external circumstances more often than not, since I'm fairly unopinionated and don't take action often.

12. 16, female, South Korean but I've lived in the US all my life.

I should mention that I've typed as INFP and sometimes INFJ before, but I also get the occasional T here and there. If you want more info, lmk!Hey, thanks for the response! If it's not too much trouble though, could I ask for your reasoning? I thought INFJs tend to be pretty sure of themselves and have strong opinions, and I can't say I have that same resolve. Not discounting your opinion, of course, just genuinely curious. :0For any Final Fantasy players here!

So I was playing Type-0 the other day, and I noticed that the four Crystal States represent the temperaments really well, actually. This is what I saw:

**Milites — The Rationals (NT)**

&gt; The White Tiger—steely arms by which to seize knowledge.

I feel like the official quote is enough to go by already. A desire for knowledge, logical methods of operation, and a very strict and systematic government. Gives off a cold, distant, intimidating kind of vibe, and loves war machinery. Your typical NT antags.

**Lorica — The Guardians (SJ)**

&gt; The Black Tortoise—a rigid shield and a well-guarded blade.

This one was almost too obvious. Just look at the official description; they're guardians in the most literal sense of the word. We didn't get to see much of them because the entire nation got bombed before the game even started, but even if we did, I don't think my opinion would change. But we do meet a few survivors, and they have a strong sense of duty and responsibility.

**Concordia — The Artisans (SP)**

&gt; The Azure Dragon—unclouded eyes that see all beneath the sky.

This kingdom is all about the aesthetics. It's arguably the most visually pleasing area in the game, with lots of blues, greens, and bright colors. Clouds, sky, plants, coexistence with dragons... need I say more?

**Rubrum — The Idealists (NF)**

&gt; The Vermilion Bird—wings of fire to lift the heart.

The protag nation. This was slightly harder to pinpoint at first, but when you look at it in comparison to the other nations, it becomes easier to see. They're very much led by their values, and the head of the state gives off a Dumbledore-ish kind of vibe. The entire nation gives off a very Gryffindor-like vibe, actually. Rubrum's primary weapon is magic, and the capital is literally an academy that trains kids to become legendary saviors of the world. Your typical imaginative NFs.

All of that is what I saw, at least. Feel free to discuss!

Also, yo! I'm new to reddit, though I've lurked occasionally in the past. I might also make a type me thread sometime later if you're all okay with that!
Hi, I am an INFJ - I was very naive and optimistic when I was younger.  Now, I get told that I am a bit of a cynic - so I'm sadly guilty of that.

I haven't talked down to a person recently - my INTJ sister keeps me grounded. If INFJs do not have an outlet, we will bottle our thoughts. When we express these bottled thoughts to someone, we usually phrase it in a very uppity manner; however, we do not feel as though our progression of thought trumps every other person's progression of thought. 

I feel as though INFJs will feel optimistic when they are understood - this is just my experience though.I took the test in a sad phase in my life and got INFP; however, now that I am out of that phase, I'm back to my original type - INFJ.

Your case is very interesting. :o1. You are the most unique person I have ever met.
2. You are beautiful.
3. You are very charming.

Can't think of two others.Don't wanna be a counselor. 
Good at the sciences and math.1. My inner world consists of characters that I create in conjunction with amounts of stress associated with my personal and professional life. I need that creative output to balance the stressful inputs, otherwise, I feel out of balance. Paranoia is not a stranger to me - I tend to harp on the past and worry about the present. 

2. People who understand me excite me; however, only my twin sister does. I want to find a person who can talk physics to me one second and Jerry Springer the next. I love things that aren't too serious; however, I adore structure. Adventure excites me - I love visiting various terrains - I barely look outside the window when traveling, though, I usually create original stories when on road trips - I like traveling because it gives me an opportunity to have a creative output. Above all, I love communicating with my family and those who love me.I have about the same number; however, it is only from colleges. I wouldn't feel anxious unless I saw that in the context of a work e-mail.Oh my goodness - stay strong. :OIf I get very angry towards a person I care about, I tend to use the most vicious information I have on that person against them in arguments. I'm close with very few people; I research or inquire everything I can about these select few - in arguments, things get immensely disgusting because I tend to not think before I speak. Many of my relationships have been torn apart because of this tendency.they are doing something w/ their livesINFJ 4w3

Ravenclaw/Gryffindor

Pukwudgie

Pine wood with a Unicorn hair core 10 ¼" and Brittle flexibility

StoatYour F Score is: 3.70
You are disciplined but tolerant; a true American.
A blatantly extroverted guy that I know keeps saying he's an INFJ -- he is nothing like me.My enneagram matches with my type -- socionics gave me INFj; however, my understanding of this is that this result correlates with INFP for the MBTI scale.Shoot away. 


Go to class as much as possible (although I'm bad about this in practice and usually end up skipping tons of class if I can get away with it) and use class time wisely by participating in discussion classes, taking notes in technical classes. At home, I scan through the textbook, then do the homework. Often I will get bored and want to quit. I get around that by switching between subjects as necessary to keep myself interested. I really, really relate to you here. Also been diagnosed with depression and ADHD.Usually not, lol. I find it difficult to resist the attractive pull of *anything* unless there's a lot of pressure. I've been diagnosed with ADHD, though. Sometimes I go into this hyperfocus zone and can do tons of work, but it's really hard to tap into.Always nice to be remembered! Hi!Only one of them.r/orphanblack (anyone else watch this show, by the way?) is full of people that remind me of my ESFJ mom. I think they're on the internet, just mostly not talking about personality theories in subs that are overall pretty negative towards their type.Which is your favorite clone?I think I might be an INFJ 5, which also seems weird. I've had trouble figuring out my Enneagram type, other than sx.I usually get xNFP on the tests because I'm really spontaneous for a J and value people pleasing less than the average Fe aux. I started to doubt my type because of it, been welcoming anyone who thinks I'm mistyped to chime in with their thoughts for a few weeks now, no takers. Pretty sure I'm just a nonstandard INFJ. The problem with the tests is that they fuck up your type if you're not stereotypical enough.Points against INFP: 

* too logical. Almost too logical to seem INFJ sometimes. Have a lot of feeler traits, though, so I really don't think I'm a T.

* Get along a little too well with ESTPs to be INFP, lol

So I agree with INFJ typing, at the end of the day. It's the only one that makes sense. But if I answer honestly, almost every dichotomy test thinks I'm a P. The tests consistently score some people as kind of in between types. That's mostly why I've found them fairly unhelpful for myself. I couldn't figure out my type until I came here.

Also score crazy low in conscientiousness on the Big 5 test, which doesn't seem normal for INFJs. I'm pretty sure I have Ni-Se. Actually, Se over Si is probably the thing I feel most sure about. I'm also pretty certain I'm an intuitive. Also, fuck all that type 2 ISFJ nonsense. That is definitely not me, lol. I usually don't even like to be around type 2s.You look concerned. I love your curly hair, lol. Do you ever grow it longer?Actually, it's [not too far](http://www.fountainofyouthflorida.com/) from where I live. ;)

(And thanks!)You're really pretty!I'm INFJ. Mom is ESFJ and I'm pretty sure dad is ISFJ.Agree, INTJs are the most private. INFJs are more unpredictable and secretive than fundamentally opposed to sharing personal information. We will share extremely personal info in large quantities under the right emotional conditions.It would be pretty heavily N-dominated, so probably chaos. We'd be overwhelmed with NTPs.

I'd be kicking ass as an ESTP, I'm sure.Just based on interactions I've seen around here, I feel like ISFPs seem to be annoyed at everything.Maybe ENFP?If he's an ENTP, he sounds like an unhealthy one prone to Ne-Fe loops. That would explain why he's so annoying.Just felt the need to point out that Angry brooding man could easily be ISTP. ;)
INFJ.

Mostly I care about lyrics. My favourite artists are Watsky, The Mountain Goats, Bob Dylan, Ben Folds, Childish Gambino and Sufjan Stevens. 
Interesting. So what you're saying is that an ENTP for instance would use their Ne to draw connections between objects and ideas that were developed outside of their own mind, and reinforce those connections with their own subjective logic (Ti). An INTJ would use their Ni to connect and manipulate the ideas that come to fruition within themselves, and back it up with a system of logic that others have agreed upon (Te). Does that sound right?These are good descriptions but the problem is that I see a bit of both in myself all the way down the line. We all do. Naturally this is because nobody is an extreme introvert/extrovert. It's hard to decide what one's "true" type is because such descriptions don't account for very lengthy periods of depression, desperation, extreme hardship, etc. when one's attitudes and behaviors have a tendency to get all mixed up. It seems that there's something more fundamental that needs to be completely understood before one can know for sure and begin to realign themselves to their natural preferences. But maybe I'm just over-complicating things.Thank you for this clarification. From what you've said it seems like introversion and extroversion both use objective data, but introverts are more concerned with their subjective models and impressions of that objective data, whereas extroverts are more concerned with the object itself.

If I were a caveman who had just discovered fire, and I was an extroverted thinker, I would first and foremost be considering: how can I use this fire; what steps can I take to create more? As an introverted thinker I would be concerned with: how does this fire work; what components are necessary for creating it?Thank you. Your comment helped me better understand what is meant by subject and object in the context of I/E.I see what you're saying. It's not about where the ideas/data comes from, but where the person wants it to go. Also your description about how the functions influence one's sense of humor is interesting. I see a lot of that "what if" style in myself. I'm going to have to delve into that in the future.I'd rather live in a full house. I've tried living alone before and it gets really boring. This is exacerbated by the fact that I need other people to motivate me to get off my ass and do stuff. Without that I fall into a loop of repeating the same things over and over, rarely venturing outdoors. I suppose just living with one other person wouldn't be too bad, but we would need to have really good chemistry.It seems like there's a lot of confusion about what it actually means to be an introvert and an extrovert. This is bad because, in trying to type oneself, one often finds themselves in such a situation:

&gt;Am I introverted because, while I enjoy social interaction, I need very little of it? Or does the very fact that I actually enjoy social interaction mean I'm an extrovert? What about the times I don't enjoy it though? Meh, this is all just pseudoscience bullshit anyway. I give up. Someone hand me a beer.

Yes, I know this is an incorrect way of viewing the dichotomy. Obviously social interaction is only a small part of what mental processes are actually being described. But there is so much conflicting information out there that it's hard to paint a clear picture of what's going on. I've also seen people confusing introversion with introspection, which seems to be incorrect as introspection is more of an Intuitive trait (Ne and Ni).

I'm hoping that some discussion will spark new ideas and allow us to paint a clearer picture to use in our quest for personal development.
I'm an INFJ and if I could have chosen my type I would have either chosen ENTJ or INTJ (if I could not have chosen my own type). I love being an INFJ, but it's exhausting. :( Definitely this! I could also add that we can't help but care about whoever is around us (absorbing all the feels), so it's extremely hard for us to just "do something for ourselves" because we are almost never thinking about just our own well being at any given situation. It can be quite the strugglefest for our brains. /u/Flux_n_Uck
What is Enneagram?I think everyone is meant to be in a relationship; it's just human nature. We are natural-born lovers, and as such we all have the desire to be in a relationship, like you were saying. But here's what I think, and this is just my personal opinion based off of people I know.

Don't rush to get married. You may have to wait and find someone who can keep up with you, while also fulfilling the "good parts" that you want. Another thing is that you're only 22. It probably seems like a lot when you are 22, (I know it seems like 16 is a lot, me being 16), but the male brain isn't fully developed until at least 24. What you want out of a marriage may depend on a few things: where you are in life, your maturity, where you are emotionally. Maybe right now, you aren't mature enough to get married. Personally, I'd wait until at least 25 or 26, because I've seen so many people get married in their early twenties who turned out miserable. My dad got married at 36, for godsake. (He's an INTP). 

It may also be that you haven't met the right person yet. You may meet someone down the line that completely turns you upside down and makes you forget everything you thought about love and marriage. Some day, someone will stare into your soul and by very nature of observing it, change who you are and what you want. Or, maybe not. 

Don't sweat marriage. Be patient with it. Reach out to people, test the waters, try new people. And then, sometimes, the point you find exactly what you're looking for is just when you stop looking. 

Source: My parents, married 21 years, my grandparents, married 41 years, and my cousin, who got married at 22 and was divorced three years later. LOL I'm not judging you or anything, I've just learned that it's better to wait. Personally, I gained a lot of maturity just in the past year, to the point where my friends said I was a different person, and I know I'm still not done growingMy dad's an INTP, I have the same issues with him, LOLShe terrifies me because I can't read her. If you've ever watched Sherlock on BBC, it's like when he meets *her* for the first time; it's a blank. With most people I have the typical INFJ "psychicness" that allows me to read their emotions, know almost exactly what they're thinking, but with her, there's just nothing. I look at her face, and she betrays nothing. Knowing nothing, it allows my natural anxieties to sink in. I don't know how to connect with her mostly because of everything I just said above, and also because I never seem to know what to say to her. When we're talking in a group, we have great conversations. One on one, my mind goes blank. That may be part of the problem right there. When no one is talking, I tend to ramble. I'm actually working on my social skills more, now that I'm driving and around different people as a result, so I hope things get better in that respect. Now you said curiosity interests you, as an INTJ, what else attracts you?When they have low confidence and low self-esteem, they can be complete babies. I however, suffer from neither. So you're saying make her FI comfortable and try to stimulate her Te? (That's sounds super dirty for some reason)Well then what's the INFJ stereotype? Detached b****?See and I just find her mind fascinating, but she rarely opens up at all. Once, her mother (her own *mother*, to whom she is very close) said 'I love you' to her in front of a small group of people, and she got physically uncomfortable. I swear, it looked like she was having a period cramp. 

That aside, I'm always myself, and a lot of the same things attract me as well. I guess I just have to draw her out. Yeah, I will… I just need to get over how much she intimidates meI feel like I'm not interesting enough for her though, but that's probably just my anxiety talking So how do you feel about intimacy then?Well the kind of intimacy I meant definitely excludes public displays, but I can see what you mean. I'll try to be interesting then, LOLYeah that makes a lot of sense. Further contributes to that non-judgmental atmosphere you want to create because my Ni won't be jumping to conclusions. 

I do ask her questions, but to some extent she seems closed off to me. There's several reasons for this, the main one being that we only see each other in person once every month or every few months. Is it possible, though, that there's a mutual attraction and she too doesn't know what to say?So ISTJs are self-entertaining? (Somehow that sounds dirty too, WTH)I'm definitely not the kind of person to play games with anyone (unless I absolutely despise them and I'm trying to ruin them (but that's hypothetical anyway)) but thanks for the advice. 

I know she is because we've talked about MBTI before, and she's taken the test multiple times. I'd know if she were an INTP though, because that's my dad's type. If you're implying that they could be the same person, I highly, highly doubt it LOL. But mine doesn't actually talk to people much, though she is nice to them when she does, and she also dresses conservatively. However, I think that's just about any INTJ female. 

Mine is also 16 and lives in Atlanta, if that helps. Update:

I've been texting her now for a bit, and here's what's happened so far: conversation flows much better than in person. She said she was intimidated by how smart I was, and actually tried to change the subject when we started talking about math because she felt threatened. She also said no one has ever read her better, and j said things she barely even knows about herself. I'm hopeful. I am very familiar with the functions, and I did a lot of research on the INTJ functions to remind myself, but if there's anything I've learned in the world of MBTI, it's that reality can differ wildly from theory. I felt that first-person experiences would be best. I actually have a very well balanced Fe/Ti, due to my father being an INTP. I was actually mis-typed as an INTJ until very recently as a result, as I've only recently become more independent and started learning about myself moreVery helpful, thank youThat's the most ENTP thing I've ever heard XDI've been thinking about a way of telling her straightforwardly, without making her feel like I'm being clingy or boxing her in. She was friends with another INFJ for a while and she said she gave up on the friendship because of itOkay that's good to know, thanks. I have noticed that patience definitely pays off with her, but it does get my anxiety going lolwe have both acknowledged that we are romantically interested in each other, and would like to date in the future when our circumstances allow (we're two hours away and both currently too young to change that). i feel like i'm important to her, but i also feel pushed aside by other thingsas i said in another comment, we've both expressed romantic interest. she's not just a close friend. the only reason we're not dating is, again, as i said in another reply, because we're two hours away and too young to change that. 

as for her interests, i know a lot of them she's just hard to get talking sometimes. she doesn't realize it and may even reject the thought, but her mood fluctuates greatly between depressed apathy and bubbly sweetness, and more often than not she falls into the former mooddude thank you so much, i didn't even think of the compartmentalization thing. i actually remember talking with an older INTJ whom i've known for a while, and he said "men are like honey combs; everything has a place and they can stay focused on one thing at a time. women are like spaghetti; they've got everything going on at once." of course he has no knowledge of MBTI, so by men he meant Ts and by women he meant Fs lol. 

but that is really helpful to remember. 

i've tried not to be too clingy with her but it's super hard sometimes haha. I don't know, I'm just not used to the INTJ type I guess. I'm not used to someone reading my texts and not replying for hours at a time, or offering just short replies sometimes. I guess I'm not used to someone who's just as reserved as me hahalol well we’re usually like “ayyyyy long-time-no-see” kinda sarcastically, but he’s usually always in a good mood. one of us will say something funny that happened to us or that we heard. other times i’ll ask him a question with something i need help on, since he’s very knowledgeable about electronics and cars. a lot of times we’ll start running with a joke and go into hysterical laughteryeah i understand, thanks So there's this girl, an INTJ. She's absolutely lovely; glasses-wearing and Starbucks-obsessed. We always seem to have good conversations, and I feel like we click, but she absolutely terrifies me and I'm not really sure how to connect with her. What can I do?Recently I've become interested in an INTJ (I'm an INFJ myself). Is there anything I need to know about your type?So a little bit of background. I'm an INFJ, and I've liked this INTJ girl for about four years now. Last year, we had a communication breakthrough and we realized the feelings were mutual, we were just too shy to initiate any kind of contact. We've been talking ever since, pretty much daily, and frankly our chemistry is amazing. There are so many things I admire about her and her personality. 

I've also seen what I've read are really good signs for an INTJ: she takes an interest in my life, offers advice, includes me in long-term plans. 

Yet, something feels off. I feel like i'm second-priority. I understand why sometimes, because we both work and have busy lives. But how can I be more of a priority to her?

Additionally, what do they especially find attractive in someone?I’m having trouble typing a good friend of mine, whom I’ve known for about three years. 

Previously I’ve thought he was an ESFP, ESTP, and more recently I’ve started thinking he’s an ENTP. I’ll tell you guys all the relevant information I have on him and see what you think. 

-He LOOOVES memes. We send memes back and forth on IG Direct all day. 

-We click really well, and can make each other laugh about anything. We frequently come up with comedy skits, deep thoughts, and even novel/movie ideas. (I’m an INFJ)

-Not sure if this matters, but he’s a junk food addict, despite being rail-thin. He’ll horde sweets and nibble on them all day. 

-He loves cars, and knows everything there is to know about them. 

-He’s an AMAZING artist. The guy could pen and color comic books. His style ranges from cartoonish to anime to abstract. 

-Some of his favorite TV shows are The Office and Stranger Things. (Same as me)

-Speaking of comic books, we share a love of superheroes and Star Wars and go to every new Marvel and SW movie the night it comes out. 

-He can get frustrated very quickly when someone (especially our boss, an ESTJ) gets on to him repeatedly, especially if he’s working hard at it. 

-He’s a great dancer, and listens mostly to dubstep, but has a wide taste in music. He loves classical and certain opera music, as well as classic rock and alt-rock. As long as it has catchy melodies and a good beat, he loves it. 

-He also takes seriously his fashion sense, especially in more formal settings. He likes unique patterns and fabrics, often gravitating towards blue-purple tones. 

-He’s very OCD about small details, and keeps his car meticulously clean. When it comes to time and appointments, he’s only on time if it’s important to him personally, but otherwise he’ll be extremely late. 

-He’s not afraid of showing emotion (crying, getting angry), but he never talks about how or why he feels a certain way. 

I realize that’s kind of a lot to consider, but it’s been bugging me for years. I can’t pin him down. I know for sure he’s an E, but that’s about all I know. Any help is greatly appreciated. 

I’m an INFJ, meaning I have a secondary Fe. I’ve noticed that I tend to emulate the voices and mannerisms of people around me, as other Fe-users are probably familiar with. But I’ve also noticed that I’m fairly skilled at impressions, mimicking someone’s voice and manner of speaking. 

Why do you think this is? Are Fe-users just better at picking up people’s traits?i have a pretty clear idea of how the other six functions work, but since Se is my inferior function i haven’t done much research on it.

does anyone have a clear explanation for how the Sensing functions operate, especially when they’re tertiary/inferior?ENTP: r/dankmemes 

INTP: r/vexillologycirclejerk

ENTJ: r/iamverybadass

INTJ: r/iamverysmart

ENFP: r/holdmyjuicebox

INFP (if edgy): r/nosleep

INFP (if sweet): r/aww

ENFJ: r/GetMotivated

INFJ: r/im14andthisisdeep

ESFP: r/holdmybeer or r/holdmycosmo

ISFP: r/listentothis 

ESFJ: r/gatekeeping 

ISFJ: r/AskReddit (posts genuinely interesting questions at least five times a week for a total of 7 upvotes, until one of them makes r/all)

ESTP: r/madlads

ISTP: r/DIY

ESTJ: r/mildlyinfuriating 

ISTJ: r/explainlikeimfive (but doesn’t actually explain it like OP is five, instead writes a 3000-word essay with seven-syllable words)


ps: this is a just a for-fun post, don’t take it seriously lol

edit: accidentally put in r/ELI5 

edit edit: this isn’t really a starterpack? but i can’t edit the title r. i. p. dad, is that you?that’s helpful, thank you

so i guess it stands to reason that Se does the opposite. they need to get out there and experience things and sensations to understand the world. haha well… it’s just that every INFP i’ve ever met is either a suicidal edgelord, or the sweetest human being i’ve ever met, soi don’t remember how i found it but i just remember thinking, “wow, this is the most INTP thing i’ve ever seen”yeah but you’re not really riled up, you’re just hoping someone starts a debate with you loltoo deep. you couldn’t find it lolhey um

are you okay?oh no it wasn’t! weird is good lol. i was just jokinghey. that’s really good 😂i agree with this

for one thing, at its core, mbti is just a psychological model used to describe how people process information, how they relate to their surroundings, and the importance that they place on different stimuli. it can not describe your interests or who you get along with, and it doesn’t give you an excuse to say that you’re better than other people or you’re so special and intuitive and blahblahblah. 

for another thing, in practice, many of the so-called ‘perfect pairings’ don’t work. i have a strong belief that any type can get along with any other type if they understand each other and make the effort to get along. my parents are INTP and INFP, they’ve been happily married for 20 years. i know an ENFP/ISTJ couple, also happily married. my uncle and his wife are ENTJ and ESFJ, also happily married. some of my best relationships have been with an INTJ and an ENFP, even tho as an INFJ my ‘perfect pairing’ is an ENTP. one of my best friends is an ESFP. 

so how should we use MBTI? simply to understand yourself and others. don’t use it to say “oh you’re an S, we don’t get along”, or “ugh i hate Es, they talk too much, i’m such an I”. instead, use it to say “oh you’re an S? let me find out how i can relate to you and understand you”, or “since you’re an E, let me explain my needs so we can get along better”. 

we need to remember that MBTI is a rough model. human beings are so diverse and varied, and even people of the same type can be *completely* different because of their own unique experiences and tastes. if this ain’t my dad (intp)

you can be logical, but that doesn’t mean you’re right any concept, whether it’s nazism or flat earth…ism (?) or antivaxxing can be explained logically and convincingly. explaining something logically doesn’t mean it’s correct. 
I think socionics often dramatizes/exaggerates these relations, because with acquaintances or casual friends it's usually easy to just get along and adapt to the other person. However, with much closer relationships, I can see more truth to these descriptions. 

ESTJs do think a lot differently than we (INFJs) do. I sometimes feel like they or just xSTJs in general want to talk about things that I just don't find interesting at all. I'm sure they probably feel the same way about us. I definitely don't hate them or even dislike them honestly, I just find making conversation can be a little more difficult with these types. 

That being said, I had an ESTJ roommate and we got along fine with no conflicts - but I did find the way that she treated her boyfriend or people closer to her to be quite the opposite way that I'd deal with things. I really admired how organized, efficient, and normal she was, but her brashness and interest in mundane things put me off a little. She said she admired how I could easily learn subjects, had a unique/personalized style, and could become friends with anyone. But she did think I had my head in the clouds too much and overreacted to minor things. 

I could easily be acquaintances, friends, or roommates with ESTJs. However, in a romantic or very close relationship - I could see how the conflicts could arise. That Te-Fe clash can be brutal. If you could make it through that though, man you could learn a lot from each other.  Ok, I honestly thought a similar thing when I found out the most prevalent types. There is evidence that the functions do correlate to certain areas in the brain (from Dario Nardi - UCLA neurologist professor). It's probably a mix of nature/nurture and the ESFJ/ISFJ way of thinking is promoted (at least among girls) as they grow up. Fe is definitely a useful function among girls because you know how to cater to other people's feelings. Si can be useful in nurturing, doing household tasks, and cooking. I'm not sure, but yeah I always thought there had to be some reason for the MBTI spread.Hmm I also would go back and forth on typing him as ENTP and ENFP. After watching interviews though, I *think* he's ENFP. He seems to care a lot about being true to himself and his most authentic self. That seems to be more Fi than anything. 
OP means your mirror, which is the same functions but reversed. For you that's ISTJ.I love ESTPs. I'm insanely attracted to most of them too, I think it's because while they share my generally confident demeanor on life, they're way more willing to dip their toes in the waters of danger and risk. They have a lot of what I need socially I think. Assuming you're an INFJ also - I like them, but only as hobby friends. My one close INTJ friend played guitar in the band I sang in, and we discuss stuff like music, movies, books etc. Other than that I'm not a huge fan of INTJs emotionally. I think they're really cool people, but I could definitely never date one seriously or marry one. Honestly the EXXPs are some of my favorite people in general. They just have this insatiable zest for life, and they do have their annoying tics, but I connect incredibly well with ENFPs and ENTPs. I think all but one of the girls I've dated or been interested in has been either an ESFP or ESTP haha.Two big ones for INFJ

1. I really actually enjoy being social. I like engaging people in conversation, and I like learning lots of stuff about them. I think this has gotten more true into my 20's as my Fe is starting to express itself more.

2. The infamous "INFJ Doorslam". I have never done this. I hear other INFJs talk about it and legitimately don't get it. Anyone that's not worth my time never even makes it far enough into my life to warrant a social "doorslam". I'm also not passive aggressive at all, so I have no issue telling people what my problems with them are and how/if they can fix them.I completely agree. But a lot of times I hear INFJ's constantly talk about being exhausted in social situations and being total loners. I haven't felt that way since I was like 16. No, I 100% agree. It's actually a major problem on the internet, most INFPs think they're INFJs and most INFJs on the internet are INFPs. 

For me, around when I hit 16 I became better about being sociable. Around 19 I had another big shift, and I don't even consider myself an introvert since then, I'm definitely at least ambiverted, maybe leaning extroverted even. I'm definitely an INFJ based on function order, but I consider myself more extro than intro these days. The problem with the J/P dichotomy, is that it's completely made up based on observation. It has no basis at all in Jungian theory (which is what MBTI is based on) and is for all intents and purposes, fake. I'm an INFJ and I'm close to the messiest person I know. But I've spent years studying the cognitive functions and I know I'm an INFJ based on that, not some arbitrary, trait-based system that has no basis at all in the actual roots of the typology we're using.

Also a lot of the examples you used are of massively mistyped types. INTJs for instance are one of the most mistyped by far because the "caricature" of the INTJ is this rigid, antisocial intellectual. People idealize that summary of the type, and confirmation bias sets in and mistypes them If you've ever met a real INTJ in real life, you know that's not how they are. 

It's almost exactly what happens with INFJ/INFP. I'd say as a rough estimate probably 60-70% of INFJs online are actually INFPs. That's because INFPs read one line about INFJs being the rarest type and go "OMG I'M SO SPECIAL AND UNIQUE THAT HAS TO BE ME" and confirmation bias does the rest of the work. If you meet INFJs in real life, they don't have some sparkly weird unique quality to them, but a lot of INFPs and ENFPs do. Not that being the "rarest" type means jack all to begin with because it doesn't, but types like the INFP perceive themselves in a way that causes them to mistype as INFJ. The same thing happens to prospective INTJs.

&gt; "As predominant perceivers, INJs are very patient with the information-gathering process. They prefer to remain open and forestall judgment until all the necessary information has been collected."

As an INFJ I resonate so much with this quote. My close INTJ friend is also like this. r/intj is full of mistyped people, as are most XNXJ forums on the internet, tbh. Based on Jungian theory, INJs are very much like what the quote described, and INFPs and ENFP are quick to judge without understanding why. Talk to one, you'll notice it instantly. 

The J/P dichotomy is not even a part of the actual typing process. It's a *bi-product* of your four functions and what order they are in. It's honestly my biggest pet peeve with the MBTI interpretation of Jung's system, because in context of what the system is based on (cognitive functions) it literally means nothing. It doesn't even exist in the theory.  &gt; Just like Jungian type?

I think I sort of misworded my statement there. My point is that the J/P difference is a bi-product of the interactions of the actual 8 cognitive functions. Of course all of typology is based on observation, but the J/P difference has no strict place in the actual typing of people, and it definitely should not be used TO type people. It's an effect of the interactions of functions, not an actual factor in a person's type. It's like defining something based on its cover rather than its content. There are Js that are messy or late, and Ps that are punctual or organized. It is literally a useless and arbitrary denotation that only ends up confusing people, and making it seem like type is more rigid and "in the box" than it actually is.

&gt; Jung considered himself an empiricist and would have been dissapointed in anyone taking his word as gospel. Finally, if you actually read any literature on the MBTI, namely Gifts Differing by Isabel Myers, you'll find she had a much greater and deeper grasp of Jung's typology than most everyone on these forums.

I've read all of Gifts Differing, and a great deal of Jung's work. The point I'm really trying to make here is that when people try to mix MBTI into Jungian theory, we're mixing two systems that don't necessarily have the same basis. Jung talked about the functions as being separate processes that interacted as part of a person. Myers added certain organizational tools to the 16 types that the 8 functions made up, to make them easier and simpler. While this is a commendable thing because it shows her depth of understanding of Jung's work, I don't agree with the use of these tools to understand Jungian theory, because they are a part of a different system. I recognize that every and all theory has its flaws, but I'm very uninterested in a dichotomatic system like the one that Myers structured in her work, however well it may display her understanding of Jung's theories. It divides people into boxes and simplistic steryotypes that I feel are rigid and not appropriate, and frankly, are easily proven wrong, whereas Jungian functions hold their own pretty well across all people and all stereotypes (in the western world, that is), and are based on objective ways of describing a person's actual experience, rather than something trivial like if they are physically organized or not. 
&gt; after all, you do seem to self-identify as an INFJ in MBTI. Does that make sense? 

Truth be told, the only reason I identify as an "INFJ" is because it is the only standard denotation in MBTI forums that describes my cognitive function order. If I put a tag that says "Introverted Intuition, Extroverted Feeling, Introverted Thinking, Extroverted Sensing" on my flair instead (this was something that was discussed on this sub and I had full support of, but the idea died out fast) I end up looking like a pretentious tool that is trying to outsmart people, which isn't what I'm here to do. BUT, those functions are what I identify with, because in Myers' work, that's how she chose to organize and denote the functional types.

What Myers went on to do that I strongly disagree with, is to create a organizational system that broke the functions into the 4-letter dichotomies we have today. While I understand the need for such a system, it wasn't meant to be the way to actually type people - only a way to organize them. Like I said before, J/P is a *bi-product* of your 4 functions interacting - *not* an internal facet of your cognitive functional makeup. It's arbitrary, and based on people's responses (and the confusion surrounding its use in general) is mostly meaningless, as people who have typed themselves based on the function order find that they often do not fit into the J/P dichotomy (I'm a prime example. I am punctual, but I am extremely messy. I only fit 1/2 of the J stereotype. But the NiFeTiSe function stack fits me to a T)

My greater point is that pretty much everyone can eventually narrow down a 4-function stack that fits them the closest. But if you try to reconcile that with the 4-letter MBTI system you're going to have a lot of issues. And I think it goes without saying that the Jungian cognitive functions are much more complex and empirical than "Are you more of a thinker or more of a feeler, etc." 

&gt; So you can see how in trying to compare the two I feel a little awkward with the notion that J/P gets demoted a bit by virtue of being invented or non-actual or not part of a given theory.

I do understand that. But honestly, I look at Jungian theory as a theory just like any other, but MBTI as an organizational system designed to serve that theory. So I don't think we should be typing people based on the organization system, but rather based on the actual building blocks of the theory on which it is based.I wanted to give another reply to you because I realize I left out a key part of your response:

&gt; Its content aside, this sort of statement, to me, seems to invite one to type its author as a J. In that way I find it a useful dichotomy; after all, you do seem to self-identify as an INFJ in MBTI. Does that make sense? 

The statement about NJs being slower to judge and NPs being quicker to, is more of an observation of your Ni/Se or Ne/Si than it is any kind of proof of a J/P dichotomy. Ne/Si compares things against known knowledge and organizes them according to that comparison, whereas Ni/Se takes in information objectively, and tries to construct an abstract framework into which it can fit. So by nature those function interactions are quick, and slow, to judge, by virtue of how they take in and pass judgement on stimulus (which is really what Jungian functions are all about - how we take in information, and what we do with it).

Again, in my eyes this really only serves to show that J/P is a result of those function interactions, not something that exists in its own right. Especially considering the mounted evidence that the "organized and punctual vs messy and disorganized" stereotype of the J/P dichotomy is a stretch at best, and at worst, is a giant crock.&gt; The dichotomy was designed to type people.

But this is my entire problem. 

It's true that the order of functions (specifically the interaction between primary and secondary) are a product of Myers' system. However, they are still typing using the actual functions. Typing based on "Are you more intuitive or more sensory? More of a thinker or a feeler? More of a Judger or perciever" is, in my opinion, complete bullshit, that has no basis in Jung's theory at all. According to Jung we are ALL ALL of these things. What kinds of them we are and how they interact are what is important. Saying someone is more of one thatn they are the other is not only inaccurate, but lends nothing to actual understanding of people and their motivations and actions. My point about this stands through the simple fact that the Jungian function stacks that Myers herself organized, can't reconcile a person with the 4-letter dichotomies of the same exact code (I've even offered myself up as an example of this, and I'm willing to bet that the same is true for a comfortable majority of the people that explore their typology).

If you want to use the 4-letter dichotomatic system, that's fine. But people need to admit and operate under the understanding that a strict use of that 4-letter code is not Jungian. It's not even how Myers herself intended for her system to be used. Jungian function theory and the 4-letter typing are different. Using Intoverted or Extroverted, Thinker or Feeler, etc. to type people is an incorrect application of cognitive function theory, and is essentially Kiersey's interpretation of Myers' interpretation of Jung's work, and a pretty bad one at that, which aims to try to box every type into a stereotype, something Jung would have deplored. 

So perhaps some of my harsh criticisms should be placed on Myers successors in the system, and those who implemented it incorrectly according to its roots, rather than her. But they remain criticism of a system that does not relate to what it was designed with the intention of. It's been twisted so far away from the origin of its use that I don't think it's fair to even be using the same code for them. Maybe that's not the fault of Myers herself, but it is the fault of the MBTI community, and it's a mistake that needs to be addressed rather than being written off as "just something different". You're talking about mistyped INFPs, AKA the reason I don't frequent this sub, or any MBTI forum for that matter, anymore.This is why I gave up my interest in MBTI and Jungian typology. People, easily presumably young people, are uninterested in the theories and ideas, and just want to use their type archetype to defend unhealthy or immature traits and habits. There’s not much forum left for genuine discussionI mean, I’m 24 haha... but am a mental health professional and have studied a lot of Jung’s actual theories and work soDidn’t say I was s professional writer.Particularly on the internet, it’s seen as more positive because of the generalization that extroverts are all annoying and intrusive. Which is of course bullshit, and Extro/Introversion exists on a spectrumThe wording is really self-absorbed and pretentious though. The average person is going to glean those personality traits by observing you. If you feel the need to explicitly state how introverted and sensitive you are, it comes across to most people as highlighting yourself as being “better” or more “special” than someone who happens to be outgoing and carefree. And these things also exist on a spectrum, so the idea that every introvert feels this way is also an annoying generalization, one that’s massively amplified by the glorifying of introversion and social anxiety in internet cultures.Or introverts feeling the need to highlight their temperament as somehow superior or more special. This is honestly why I hang out with outgoing people athough I identify as an ambivert. Most people who talk about being introverted this way are just socially awkward and anxious, but with no desire to help themselves or connect with people who don’t treat them like fragile little flowers.I'm glad. Just seeing a lot of this "shyness glorification" stuff lately and it gets to me.I guess, but under what context does someone need to outwardly express how introverted and sensitive they are? Those are noticeable traits that any person can observe in the way you act. I don't see any reason for someone to need to go on about it, unless they believe they're some super special person for having those qualities, which they aren't. It comes across in a normal social atmosphere as being either insecure or pretentious.I don't really agree with that, considering that particularly online, introversion is put on a pedestal as some super special "non-normie" trait and social assertiveness and extroversion are seen as annoying and "basic". It's a part of the reason I don't frequent a lot of the introverted subs anymore, because there's a "special-er than thou" mentality when they talk about their introversion, shyness, social anxiety etc like it's indicative of higher intelligence or uniqueness. Online communities overwhelmingly have this attitude.
This was forever ago haha! Thanks again to everyone for the typing!Neither. I think intuitive types might be more likely to SAY they have a "gut feeling" about something, but every type has "gut feelings." It's human nature to want to figure things out on your own without information. Everyone's brain jumps to conclusions regardless of what type they are or what functions they use. Damn! You MUST be an Ni user with that kind of foresight! /sYeah. I'd say it's basically irrelevant because it doesn't really point towards any sort of functional preference.Me: INFJ

Mom: ENFJ

Dad: ISTJ

Sister: ESTP

Always got along with my mom the best. Me and my dad are pretty different personality-wise, but I feel like the difference has improved us both as people. Sister can be a bit of a lone wolf at times.She always was very protective of us emotionally, always encouraged us to try out new things and take our own path in life. She's definitely the "problem solver" type of person in the family....that too.INTJ -&gt; ISTJ -&gt; ISTP -&gt; ISFP -&gt; INFJ

The more I learned about MBTI, the more unsure I got of my original INTJ typing. Looked at statistics of type popularity online and saw INTJ was one of the rarest, and thought "wow i'm not that rare/different" and then switched to ISTJ after seeing that it was similar and waaaay more frequent. Researched more about the Si/Ne axis and thought "wait no that's not me either" and then switched to ISTP because Ti was sorta my thing and Se/Ni axis. Eventually realized that ISTPs have inferior Fe and switched to ISFP after thinking that I was way too emotionally driven for any of that. After reaching the pinnacle of my unsure-ness regarding my type, I had INFJ suggested to me by a group of people on the sub and everything fit perfectly. I had initially discounted the possibility of me being INFJ at the beginning due to lack of understanding of the functions and just going off of statistics alone. 

I remember seeing a quote somewhere that summed up the whole process really well. It was something like "If you eliminate the correct option, then nothing will fit perfectly." I eventually realized that I was more than a statistic of people and that there's nothing really inherently *special* or different about being the rarest type. I think a lot of the stuff I was reading about INFJs and typology as a whole sort of sent me off in the wrong direction to begin with, due to the romanticization of the less popular types and a general lack of understanding of the topic as a whole. I eventually learned that typology isn't about cramming yourself into a box or defining yourself based on statistics, it's about self understanding, and that's where i'm at now.What do you mean by that?I think the people at Pixar are absolute geniuses. Everything from the stories to the animation is impeccably done from start to finish and I think it's great how they develop characters and plotlines. My favorite is Wall-E although all of their movies are great imho.I was thinking the exact same thing, there's barely any discussion about ISFPs here compared to other types.I've met quite a few ISFPs, but for some reason we never really seem to coincide with each other. I really like all of the ones that I've met though, very interesting people but our interests always seem to be at odds.ENFP. You have a tendency to ramble all over the place which is indicative of Ne.I'm not entirely sure of the fact that you're an extrovert, that was just a guess due to the fact that you write like an Ne dominant type and you didn't really explain any traits that seem to indicate whether you're a strong introvert or extrovert. I think it's common of xNFPs in particular to be more gray along the black and white scale of introversion and extroversion, though. 

What I meant when I said that you ramble was that you provide information that isn't really relevant to the topic as a whole, like this:

&gt; I isolate and bugs me when people ask me for things. Unless they give me food, LOL at this point I feel like a cat.

There's a lot of posts on the internet declaring that intuitive types are smarter or better at expressing themselves than sensing types but it's not true. Vocabulary and writing ability isn't correlated to personality types. 

Also, the online tests score based on individual dichotomies, which isn't really the best way to type yourself. I think that you should research the cognitive functions and how they relate to MBTI types. Originally MBTI was based on these functions, but over time it has been simplified down to I vs. E, N vs. S, etc. which can create some misunderstandings for people who are new to typology. Here's a good website that explains the basics pretty well: http://www.cognitiveprocesses.com/Cognitive-Functions/I don't think generalizations are a problem, necessarily. It becomes a problem when these generalizations get exaggerated to the point of becoming a stereotype and negatively affecting how a type is viewed. This is what leads to people mistyping and incorrect resources in the typing community like all of those shitty horoscope-esque websites and type descriptions. 

Also, generalizations can really remove a lot of colour out of a personality. People forget that so many external factors and life circumstances can affect how a person acts and that MBTI types really *can't* describe everything about them. The more you interact with people and discover how variable a person's personality is, the more you discover that MBTI really isn't anything more than a tool for understanding. 

So yeah, generalizations aren't really a *problem*, but the whole nature of typology itself is to be flexible and accommodating, and generalizing just takes away from that imo.Agreed. I think the functions are the best way to describe types because they only focus how a certain person perceives and judges information, which is the only consistent thing about a personality type. 

I like socionics descriptions for this reason, a lot of them focus on breaking down the functions within a type and describing them both individually and how they coexist with other functions in the stack, instead of just summing up what a certain type looks like without describing their reasoning like a lot of MBTI descriptions. This sub has gotten so large that it's become more of a place for discussing typology as a whole and the various systems (Socionics, Enneagram, etc.) within it. Also, it's worth mentioning that Socionics tackles some things that MBTI doesn't, like quadras and intertype relations. Even though MBTI and Socionics aren't directly correlated with each other, both systems can offer up some information/ideas where the other is lacking, and that's why Socionics discussion on this sub is so prevalent.



Your constant tirades against Socionics on this sub are getting annoying.INFJ. If I could choose a different type to be, I would definitely choose to be an ISFP. They're incredibly individualistic and visionary, but also deeply sensitive and caring. They're some of the most amazing people I've met. "No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible." - Stanisław Jerzy LecIt's pretty obvious by looking at other comments in this thread that ESTJs are the most hated type. They've been defined by a negative stereotype and I bet there's a ton of mistyped people who don't think they're an ESTJ because they don't fit that negative stereotype.

*Can we PLEASE stop making sweeping generalizations about types?*If you feel indifferent towards everyone, I'd say it's a problem. Feeling indifferent towards everything and everyone around you is a symptom of depression. If you've been feeling down lately you might want to do some research about mental illnesses and depression specifically. This isn't MBTI related.
No, I don't think so. I'm not trying to diagnose them with a mental illness, I only suggested that they look into it. I don't know this person or what they're going through. I recognize that there's a difference between "feeling down" and being depressed. Everyone has bad days, but from what this person was describing it doesn't sound normal to me. They literally said "I feel so indifferent to every one" which is one of the textbook signs of depression. I'm not being quick to judge a situation. I just don't want this person thinking that MBTI is a scapegoat for a possible problem that can be fixed.&gt; Well I would be embarrassed now to say I'm ENFJ 

You're missing the point. There is nothing that is more desirable about a certain personality trait than another. Typology as a whole is based around this fundamental principle. If you "want" to be a specific personality type or have certain personality traits you're doing it wrong.Have you done research about the cognitive functions? When people say that a person's personality type isn't supposed to change that's what they're referring to. The dichotomy tests are kind of flimsy and it's likely that they will change over time as a person grows into their personality type. 

Also, on what basis are you classifying yourself as an introvert? I'm not saying you aren't an introvert, but the mainstream definition of an "introvert" is a bit different than the way it's classified in typology and psychological topics.IMHO, cognitive functions are the definitive way to type yourself. There are really good resources in the sidebar of this sub, and there's a guy on YouTube named Michael Pierce who has really detailed descriptions of the functions and the types as well.I'm an INFJ. I don't hate ESTJs, but they aren't people that I get along with very well. I think it's natural for INFJs and ESTJs to naturally repel each other, though. From a general perspective, they really don't have anything in common. Their minds are hard wired to process things in completely different ways. 

Oddly enough, they both share some similar characteristics though. For instance, both personalities can be stubborn, but for completely different reasons. Both will piss each other off because they're equally as passionate as the other about something.

My experiences with pretty much every ESTJ I've met has been something I've been forced into (ex: mutual friends, work, etc.) rather than something that's happened naturally. I find them to be a bit too forceful, like they're always trying to argue about something even when it's a friendly conversation. Everything seems like it's always black and white and there's no other option. 

I'm actually glad that MBTI has given me an understanding of ESTJs though. Instead of just mutual disagreement and misunderstanding, now I can at least sympathize with them and see where they're coming from. Nothing is correct or incorrect, just different ways of viewing and organizing the world.
Thanks, me too! I really hope it wasn't too aggressive. I've noticed that ESTJs really get slammed on the online forums, and the last thing I would want to do is add to that bias. I actually have a few ESTJs that I'm close to, but the relationship is much more jarring than most of the other personality types. I like how you described the relationship between you and your INFJ friend as "requiring a bit of effort at times." That's exactly how I think the Socionics conflict manifests; e.g. the relationship isn't doomed to fail but both will find it to be a bit unnatural.What's your reasoning behind that? Has there been a study of some kind, or is that just what you've observed in other people?INFJ, not sure if there's a correlation between types or if I have HSP, but when I was younger I was really sensitive to a lot of sensory stimuli, mostly loud noises. It's gotten a lot better as i've gotten older, but I wouldn't be surprised if I have HSP and have just gotten used to it or something.I'm an INFJ. My favorite types (in no particular order) are ENFJ, ISFJ, ENFP, INTP, and ISFP.INFJ - Musical, Self, Language It's a Thinking vs. Feeling question. I did one test where I clicked neutral for every response, and then did another where I clicked neutral for every response except the "you feel superior..." question. I compared the two and the only visible difference was a higher preference for Feeling in the test that I clicked all of them neutral. Agreeing with the question leads to a higher preference of thinking, and disagreeing leads to a higher preference of feeling.

I spent way too much effort figuring this all out, basically.

EDIT - Also, cognitive functions are a way better way to type yourself. Tests are fun but don't really encompass the full range of the MBTI and how it describes a person's way of perceiving and organizing the world around them. The sidebar has some good resources for this.There is a neutral, It's the gray dot in the middle.I didn't design the test and I have no idea why it's a T vs F question, although I can see their reasoning behind it. Maybe they think that feelers are more in tune with the people around them and so they feel less superior? I don't know. Personally Ive seen that either could feel superior to other people.What website did you get the Model G diagrams from? I'd like to see more of the types.Thank you!Intrapersonal - INFJUsually when im put into a new situation, a lot of people tell me that I'm quiet. that's usually the first thing other people notice about me. 

I've also been told by a number of my close friends that they couldn't figure me out at first. A couple of them have told me that they couldn't tell what I was thinking about which intrigued them. I guess some people kind of see me as a puzzle or something. I don't readily present myself to others and that distinguishes me from a number of people.I like this. Even though I've been familiar with the MBTI, cognitive functions, and other systems etc etc I'm really not too familiar with Jung's original descriptions of the functions and how they work. I like how you illustrated them in an easy format. 

Also, u/BlueOtterSocks, can you recommend any resources for getting into Jung and his function descriptions?"ENFP but cooler; ISFJ but analytical"

Useless comparisons that have no basis in reality or in the theory. I can't tell if it's a joke or not.they might have a few mistypings, but 90%? What exactly makes their typing "wrong" and yours "right"? There's nothing completely objective about the MBTI that can be easily observed and confirmed in other people; It's all subjective.I would pick Healer.I don't think that people pleasing is a synonym for "passive", although I can tell what you're getting at. Me, personally I'm really passive almost to a fault. I like to let things figure themselves out with as little involvement as possible. This may be more dependent on the person you're talking to than their personality type, though.can you change your field of study? There's lots of stuff you would probably like way better that's also really useful. Engineering, mechanics, electrical.... All of these sound like you might be way more interested in them and are extremely practical in their application in the real world as well. If you like technical stuff play into that. Cool idea! Will be looking forward to seeing the other quadras as well.This one is my favorite. You've got some awesome art, gammas.
Take something like an interview with 2 famous people, or a movie scene, and analyze each character's behavior based on their cognitive functions.
I *never* find fans of The Fratellis anywhere! Yay Scottish rock! :DThe first time I heard [This Song] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oes1K4evcSk), I cried. So yeah, there's that.*Woo!*
The selection table can scroll to the left and right. 7 and 8 are hidden at first.I am rather content being an INFJ. When I was younger the whole "no one understands me" thing was pretty draining and I really wished I was an ENFP (they seem so charming and fun). But I've kind of grown into my skin now and I'm OK being who I am. Though sometimes I still dream of being an extrovert.I sleep on my side with my legs half bent and I hug the crap out of a pillow.Warm"Measure your life by what you give rather than what you gain." There will always be seasons in my life where I am not gaining a whole lot. But in whatever situation I can always find some way to give. There is so much hope and fulfillment in measuring my success by giving rather than getting.Looks like a Suffolk sheep maybe.[Sooo Sad](https://youtu.be/BYwWKEc8c88?t=7s)
Yes. I'm an INFJ philosophy major and I go through this exact process all of the time. It's as though I know something without being able to prove it. Understand, my not being able to find a proof makes me no less sure of the truth of the proposition in question, it just means that I have to go through the tedious rigmarole of filling in the details if I want to persuade someone else that I'm right. 

One of my favourite examples is Descartes' Ontological Argument for the Existence of God. Roughly, it goes something like this:

1. "God" is defined as "a perfect being".
2. A perfect being is a being that lacks nothing.
3. from (1) and (2), God is a being that lacks nothing.
3. If God did not exist, then God would lack the property of existence.
4. If God lacks the property of existence, then there is something that God lacks.
6. from (2), If there is something that God lacks, then God is not a perfect being. 
7. If God is not a perfect being, then we reach a contradiction with (1). 
Conclusion: God must exist.

When I first saw this argument, I was damn sure it was just word trickery, but I couldn't point out exactly what was wrong and fallacious about it. It wasn't until I tried to convert the argument into logical symbolism that I realised what it was: existence is not a property, it is a quantifier. 

I have similar experiences all the time.Well, to be fair, this particular version of the ontological argument is due to Descartes, who died centuries ago. Most contemporary philosophers I know of don't accept this sort of thing. On the other hand, I tend to agree with you: there's more confusion and irritating naivety in philosophy than is generally tolerable. I understand what you're getting at. That's the debate that took place in the 11th century when Gaunilo of Marmoutiers criticised  Anselm's earlier version of the ontological argument. Basically, Anselm's argument went like this:

1. "God" is defined as "the greatest thing conceivable".
2. Something that actually exists in reality is greater than something that only exists as a concept.
3. From (2), if God only existed as a concept, then we could conceive of something greater than God (namely, something that actually exists).
4. From (3), if God only existed as a concept, then God would not be the greatest thing conceivable.
5. (4) contradicts (1), so God has to exist in reality, not merely as a concept.

Well, Gaunilo basically said, "hey, but there's also, for example, the greatest island conceivable, and if it doesn't exist in reality then I can conceive of a greater one: namely, another island that's exactly the same but actually exists in reality. This would mean that the first island would not be the greatest conceivable island, which is contradictory to my starting assumption, and so according to Anselm's logic my imaginary island must actually exist." And that's when Anselm's argument becomes sort of circular: "but your island", says Anselm to Gaunilo, "is not a necessary being, whereas God is a necessary being". Well, that's rather begging the question, because the whole point of Anselm's argument seems in the first place to be to establish the logical necessity of God's existence--he can't then turn around and assume God's necessity in order to prove God's necessity. In saying that, I think Anselm still gets points for ingenuity.

In any case, Descartes' ontological argument is different to Anselm's in so far as Descartes' argument doesn't revolve around the idea that "God" is "the greatest thing conceivable" but, rather, that "God" is "that which is lacking in nothing", and that therefore God cannot be lacking in any properties (and, therefore, cannot lack the property of existence in particular). I think Descartes' might have said that, because his argument doesn't depend on the notion that real objects are greater than merely conceptual objects, he can avoid the absurdities that Anselm's argument is prone to.

Well, the argument still falls flat in the end because of the way in which Descartes treats existence as though it is a property (something that Hume, Kant and eventually Bertrand Russell thought was problematic, and more or less for the same reasons). The problem, for Kant and Russell, is that existence is something which is, in a sense, conceptually prior to a thing having any properties. That is to say, in order for an object to have any properties at all, that object has to exist *in order to have properties*. In other words, the claim "there is a cat which exists" amounts to the somewhat superfluous claim that "there exists a cat which exists". On the other hand, if existence is conceived of as a property, then a claim like "unicorns do not exist" amounts to a claim that "unicorns are things that do not have the property of existence"; in other words, when we say that existence is a property that objects may or may not have, we're forced to accept a picture of reality that includes objects that do not exist, and that seems contradictory. 

The correct way of thinking about it, says Russell, is like this: when I say that "a cat exists", what I'm *really* saying is "at least one of the things in reality has the property of being a cat"; conversely, when I say "unicorns do not exist", what I'm *really* saying is "if you did a survey of all of the things in reality, you would find that none of those things have the property of being a unicorn". In this way, "x exists" doesn't tell me that *x* has the property of existence; rather, "x exists" tells me what *quantity* there is of things with the property of being *x*. Conversely, "x does not exist" tells me that the *quantity* of things that have the property of being *x* is zero. Hence, existence is all about quantities--existence is a *quantifier*, and *not* itself a property. 

So even if God *does* contain all properties, that still doesn't mean that God contains the "property" of existence because existence is not, in fact, a property. And then you get into an annoying situation where somebody questions your conclusion, and all you can immediately reply with is, "well... but it's clearly true". What about deontologyAnd yet I think my Fe sometimes compels me to demonstrate my insights so that other people can understand it. It's as though I somehow just teleport to the top of a mountain only to realise that all of these other people are left at the bottom wondering how I got up there, so I have to turn around and say "well, maybe if you grab that branch you can climb on to the rock immediately above you, and then you can walk around that path, etc, etc..."Isn't the notion that "the foreseen consequences of your decisions matter" just another principle? Incidentally, I don't think deontologists think that if you adhere to your good nature or act out of a good will, then good things will happen--if deontologists thought like that, then they would be justifying their adherence with their own good nature with reference to the actual consequences of adhering to their own good nature, which is not really deontological at all but consequentialist. Actually, I think it's quite the opposite: deontologists are coming from the position that bad things could happen *in spite* of the fact that you adhere to your good nature, and so try to find a way say "well, it doesn't matter if good stuff didn't happen as a result because you still acted with good intentions". Incidentally, I think it's much easier to find a satisfactory middle ground between deontology and consequentialism than most people think.I apologise for the length of this reply, I didn't originally intend to make it this long, but it happened anyway so I might as well post it. 

Former Case [variation 1]: Suppose you're an actor and you're filming a movie. You come up to a scene where your character is supposed to shoot another character in the film with a gun. As far as anyone on the set knows, the gun in your hand isn't actually loaded with real ammunition. You point the gun at the other actor and you shoot. Unbeknown to you, however, there was a mix-up in the prop room and the gun was, in fact, loaded—the real world consequence of your decision to pull the trigger of that gun is that your co-worker is shot and killed. 

Former Case [variation 2]: Suppose you're an actor and you're filming a movie. You come up to a scene where your character is supposed to shoot another character in the film with a gun. As far as most people on the set know, the gun in your hand isn't actually loaded with real ammunition. You point the gun at the other actor and you shoot. Unknown to everyone but you, however, the gun was in fact loaded—somehow, you were aware of the fact that the gun in your hand was loaded prior to pulling the trigger. The real world consequence of your decision to pull the trigger of that gun is that your co-worker is shot and killed. 

Latter Case [variation 1]: Your dead co-worker's fiancé, Alex, blames you for your co-worker's death. Alex buys a gun and drives around to your house, intent on shooting you. Now, when Alex purchased the gun earlier that day, the man from whom Alex purchased the gun told Alex that the gun was already loaded with free ammunition (I suppose this was part of an incentive program to boost the sales of guns or something). Alex enters your house, points the gun at you and pulls the trigger. Unbeknown to Alex, however, the gun salesman lied—the gun was not loaded, and Alex's decision to pull the trigger of the gun has no real world consequences that harm anyone. 

Latter Case [variation 2]: Alex buys a gun and drives around to your house, intent on shooting you. This time, the gun really is loaded because, prior to driving to your house, Alex opened the gun and checked to make sure it was loaded. Alex enters your house, points the gun at you and pulls the trigger. The gun is loaded, and the consequence of Alex's decision to pull the trigger of the gun is that you are shot and killed.

In both variations of the Former Case, you have a gun in your hand, you decide to pull the trigger of that gun, and your co-worker dies as a result of you having pulled the trigger of that gun. However, in the first variation of the Former Case, you don't appear to be morally culpable for your co-worker's death at all, whereas in the second variation you do. So then what's the difference between the two variations? The only difference is that in the first variation, you were ignorant of the consequences of your decision to pull the trigger of the gun in your hand, whereas in the second variation you were not. In other words, it doesn't seem right to hold you accountable for the death of your co-worker in the first variation precisely because you were acting out of ignorance. So when the consequences of a decision remain the same but the intention behind the decision changes, the moral status of the decision also changes, which is not what you would expect if a consequentialist theory of ethics were true.

On the other hand, in both variations of the Latter Case, Alex seems to retain the same level of moral culpability, in spite of the fact that the consequences of Alex's decision in the first variation are different to what they are in the second variation. In other words, when the consequences of a decision vary and the intentions of the decision remain the same, the moral status of the decision in question still remains the same, which is exactly what you would expect if a deontological theory of ethics were true.

But now let me give you a Middle Case: You are relaxing at home after your co-worker's funeral when you hear someone knock on your front door. Your friend, Immanuel, goes to answer the door for you. Immanuel opens the door to see Alex standing before him holding a gun. Here Alex asks Immanuel for your whereabouts. Immanuel realises what is happening, Immanuel is distressed, but Immanuel is also a Kant, and so, not wanting to lie, he tells Alex that you are relaxing in your room. Now, Immanuel tells this to Alex believing full well that Alex will push past him, go upstairs to your room and murder you. Alex attempts to do this but, fortunately, Alex's gun salesman does not share Immanuel's reservations about lying, and consequently Alex isn't able to harm you. When you realise, nevertheless, that this means that Immanuel would willingly jeopardised your life under certain circumstances, you run down stairs and confront him. “But my friend”, Immanuel explains, “my motivation for telling Alex where you were was not to have you killed; your death was not my specific *aim*—my aim was simply to tell the truth.”

Immanuel's explanation in this Middle Case, I think, is the sort of thing you were referring to when you criticised the attitude that an “ignorant person is perfectly fine to ruin the world as long as it was out of good will.” Should we accept Immanuel's answer? No, but I don't think this represents a victory of consequentialism over deontology. Although your death was not Immanuel's specific aim, and although Immanuel's decision was motivated by a desire to tell the truth rather than by the prospect of your death, he nevertheless believed that your murder would be the result of the decision to tell Alex the truth of your whereabouts and *deliberately* decided to give Alex this information anyway. In other words, I think that all of the foreseen consequences of a decision are also part of the intention that lies behind that decision. If I were to have an affair with someone, for example, my sole aim or motivation would be the rather innocuous one of wanting to have a fun time with someone other than my partner, but the foreseen consequence of my decision would be my partner's emotional distress. I think this should all be included as being part of the intention. In short, the problem with classical deontologists like Kant is not, I think, that they saw morality as being grounded chiefly in the Good Will of the agent, but rather that they did not give the Good Will a broad enough conception.Firstly, let's take a more extreme case, but this time I'll pose it in the form of a question. Suppose that a mad bomber plants a bomb in a school. Now, the bomb is activated remotely by a microscopic capsule, and the whole thing works roughly in the following manner: the capsule is constantly sending radio signals to the bomb in the school, and as long as the capsule is sending these radio signals to the bomb then the bomb doesn't detonate; as soon as the signals stop, the bomb detonates. Now suppose this mad bomber sneaks into your room one night, when you're fast asleep, and plants the microscopic capsule in one of your shoes. You wake up the next morning, you put your foot into your shoes and as a result the capsule gets crushed. The signals stop, the school explodes, children die, and so on. You get the picture. Well, it was your decision to put your foot into your shoe, and the consequence of this was the incineration of a dozen or so children. Are you morally culpable for this? 

Secondly, I agree that it's more important, in a certain sense, that you survive in the second variation of the Latter Case. However, I think this is more important only in the sense that preserving a person's life is more important than attributing moral culpability to someone (i.e. the person's life is more valuable than the recognition that Alex did something wrong). But I don't think that contradicts the claim I'm trying to make about moral culpability. The key question here, I think, is can a decision be immoral even if it doesn't have any harmful consequences? Intuitively, the example with Alex seems to show that such a decision can still be regarded as immoral, in so far as Alex's decision seems intuitively to be quite immoral in spite of the fact that no harmful consequences resulted from it.

Thirdly, I want to say something about your example with the virus. To begin with, I don't think a virus can actually intend to do something, so I don't think a virus can be morally culpable. But that aside, I agree that we should minimise the damage caused by the virus, but I just think that this is another duty. Let me try to frame it like this: supposing I am responsible for preventing or not preventing the virus, why *ought* I not allow it to cause as much damage as it can? The only answer I can conceive of to this question is: because I have some sort of a moral duty to minimise the damage caused by the virus—this is just deontology again.

Lastly, I don't think Immanuel has moral responsibility if he is ignorant of the consequences of his actions. Incidentally, I think the reasoning behind my answer here is related to the first paragraph of this reply, and I feel it might be easier to flesh it out once you respond to it.Firstly, I think you raised a lot of interesting questions in your last reply. For example, you mentioned that you think the word “immoral” is a relative term with no meaning. I think a thousand things can be said about this, and I would be glad to pursue the question with you later if you want, but I'm also afraid that it would overcomplicate our discussion if I tried to address it here and now, in this reply. So I will put some of the arguments you advanced aside for now, and focus on the Mad Bomber and Immanuel part of our discussion.

&gt;No of course not, there is nothing you could realistically have done, there is no lesson to be learned here. The terrorist is responsible. The contrast between this case and Immanuel is that Immanuel had all the data he needed, this person does not. 

There is something you could realistically have done: you could have decided to put on your other pair of shoes just in case there was a microscopic capsule inside of your usual pair which, had you crushed it by putting your usual pair of shoes on, would have detonated a bomb in a school.

“The difference”, you might say, “is that there is not enough data to make you think that there's a detonator in your shoe, whereas there *is* enough data to make Immanuel think that Alex is intent on going upstairs to kill Immanuel's friend.” But then I say this: if the evidence in front of Immanuel is sufficient to make him think that Alex is intent on murder, then Immanuel *will* think that Alex is intent on murder. If Immanuel does not think that Alex is intent on murder *in spite* of the evidence before him, then clearly this evidence isn't sufficient to make Immanuel think that Alex is intent on murder. Since Immanuel did not in fact think that Alex was intent on murder, it follows that the evidence to which he was exposed was not enough to make him think that Alex was intent on murder; but this is precisely the condition that exonerates you of any moral responsibility in the case of the mad bomber—the evidence to which you *were* exposed was not enough to make you think that there might be a detonator in your shoe.

Now, you could reply to this by saying this: “the evidence *is* sufficient; the reason that it does *not* lead Immanuel to think that Alex is going to murder his friend is that Immanuel simply *didn't notice* the evidence—if Immanuel had only bothered to look, he would have seen the gun in Alex's hand and realised what was happening.” But then, in the same way, if you had only bothered to put your other pair of shoes on, you would not have crushed the detonator inside your usual pair.

“No, no, no”, you say, “you're forgetting that there is nothing to make me think to put my other pairs of shoes on; for what reason on Earth would I possibly think to do that?” But then what reason does Immanuel have to look down at Alex's hand and thereby notice the gun that Alex is holding? 

So if I were to sum it up, I would say that it looks like you are not responsible for the detonation of the bomb *in spite* of the fact that there was a course of action you could have taken to avert it (and there *was* such a course; namely, you could have put on a different pair of shoes), because nothing made you *aware* of the fact that you had any need to take this course of action. I think the exact same reasoning should be applied to Immanuel: Immanuel is not responsible for Alex murdering his friend upstairs *in spite* of the fact that there was a course of action he could have taken to avert it (and there *was* such a course; namely, that Immanuel could have considered the evidence before him), because nothing made Immanuel *aware* of the fact that he had any need to take this course of action. At every step, it seems as though their moral responsibility is determined by the extent to which they are aware of the consequences of their decisions, and to the extent that they are not aware it seems consistent to say that they are not responsible.

In the case of your example of the religious fanatic, I would say that the fanatic is in fact responsible for the deaths of those people, in so far as he knowingly chose to kill them. However, I would also say that his choice was not immoral, in so far as the choice with which he thought he was faced was not merely to kill those people outright but also to send them to everlasting bliss in doing so. Of course, we, being more sane than this individual, still have a responsibility to ensure that he does not cause any more harm, and to this end it would probably be necessary to incarcerate him (in as humane a way as we possibly can).&gt;No you couldn't reasonably have done that, doing so would have been a choice of pure coincidence, there was no information you could reasonably make that determination based on.

I agree with this, actually I think it's one of my main premises. Your problem with Immanuel seems to be that he didn't consider the evidence before him thoroughly enough, but my problem with your problem is this: the decision to consider the evidence before him more thoroughly is also just another decision--why should he be expected to make this decision? The only reason I can think of is that the evidence before him is so damning and suggestive of the crime that's about to take place that it would occur to him to make the decision to analyse the situation more closely. But if indeed the evidence does naturally make this suggestion to Immanuel, he is already aware of the fact that his roommate could possibly be killed if he doesn't lie to the inquiring murderer. Immanuel can't *choose to recognise* the intentions of the murderer before him unless he is *already aware* of the fact that those intentions are there to be recognised. Something has to get the thought of making this choice into his head in the first place by some means, otherwise he can only dream up the thought of making such a choice by mere coincidence (in exactly the same way that it would have been a choice of pure coincidence to put on different shoes in the case of the mad bomber).

Secondly, I should like to point out one other thing one last time: in our thought experiment about the mad bomber, the destruction of the school quite clearly is the result of a decision on your part. That is, (1) you *decided* to put on a pair of shoes, the consequence of which was that the capsule in your shoe was crushed; (2) the capsule in your shoe was crushed, the consequence of which was that a school full of children exploded. Unless you deny either (1) or (2), then you have to admit that the explosion of the school was a consequence of your decision. And yet, in spite of the fact that this was a consequence of your decision, you still don't think that you are morally culpable for the destruction of the school in this hypothetical. 

Moreover, suppose we were to take this thought experiment and keep everything exactly the same but for one thing: in this second variation of the thought experiment, you're somehow aware of the fact that there is a capsule in your shoe which, if crushed, would lead to the deaths of a dozen or so children. In this second variation of the thought experiment, you still decide to put your shoes on, and all of the consequences are exactly the same as in the first variation. The only difference is that you were *aware* of the consequences of your decision during the second variation of the thought experiment. In this second variation, should you be held morally responsible for the death of those children? It certainly seems so. In other words, in both variations we kept all of the consequences exactly the same, we kept all of the decisions exactly the same, and all of the circumstances in general exactly the same, except for one thing: we changed the intentions behind those decisions. If consequentialism were true and deontology were false, you would expect that you would retain the same moral culpability in both variations, but you don't. 

Lastly, I think the people who brainwashed the religious fanatic have certainly engaged in immoral behaviour, simply in so far as they have brainwashed someone. Secondly, they may not have outright told anyone to commit murder, but if they were glorifying this sort of thing and implying that it should be carried out with the intention of convincing someone else to commit murder, then they have also done something immoral in that respect as well. I don't think this contradicts anything I've said so far. As for being able to establish whether they have in fact acted with the aforementioned intentions in mind, I think that's a practical matter which is quite separate from the purely theoretical question of whether they *would* have been doing something immoral simply by brainwashing someone with the intention of having them commit murder. Even if it proved practically impossible to determine whether or not they acted with this intention in mind, we could still know that they *would* have been acting immorally if they *had* been acting with this intention in mind, and it is this second issue I am concerned with here.
I'd have to say either would be a great choice.Yea. Theology, no. Philosophy, perhaps. Would have to agree with psychology over both. I'm inclined to agree with you. This is the internet after all. However if this was all an open forum in person... ohh boy would that be a different story. 1) INFJ - I would say mostly sure... I'm a 6w5 so uncertainty is extremely powerful and prevalent in me.  

2) 24

3) Not sure. My mom screwed up on the test and I'm trying to get my father to take it.

4) Considering the field of Psychology but as stated above, super unsure about everything. 

5) Nope

6) No. At this point in time? Heeelll no.

7) At times but rarely.

8) Nope and plan to never do so. 

9) Frasier is my all time favorite. I just feel I can relate to the characters in so many ways. I also really enjoy the Walking Dead but that isn't so much in the way of relating to the characters as it is an investment in their stories... that and now Negan o_o Theres a good few others but I don't want this to be a wall of text. 

10) I wasn't religious even when I 'was' religious. I'm currently Agnostic. I believe theres more but just not in the sense that civilization sees it through the lens of religion. My brother is an ISFP and hes pretty damn similar. He has also been very quiet and shy for pretty much his whole life. He can be pretty interesting though when hes relaxed and opens a bit more. I do like to spend a fair deal of time with him on subjects we have a similar interest in. Sometimes I don't want him around but that goes for anyone and I usually feel bad about it because hes always been more anti-social. Oddly enough the only two people he seems to get along with around here is myself and my INTP sister. Both Fe users, I doubt thats a coincidence. Once I looked at his cognitive functions everything just sorta clicked and I went and told him I understand him better than he thinks. I wonder if that woulda creeped him out.. can't tell because he's got the 'resting bitch face' real bad. Apart from him I don't think I've ever met another ISFP. I can personally second this point. I have always been very stubborn and that tunnel vision while under duress is very real. However coming out calm on the other side tends to bring great clarity. &gt; What about INFJ? You assigned us American flag colors, haha 

[There is only one possible vision](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/shipoffools/images/4/4d/Murica_3.png/revision/latest?cb=20140212153712)I couldn't resist. Also Ronald McDonald in the background XDYou can work on growing other functions so they become stronger but I feel like the mind will always fall back on it's default functions. That doesn't mean you *have* to follow them once you're aware of it happening. You can just choose to go go at from a different approach. Sounds really quite exhausting to me, though. I'm not so sure I get feeler from vast majority of posts but then again, everyone is different. Most just seem to be quick, fun-loving style replies. She seems to be all over the place and reminds me of a friend of mine whom is an INTP. My sister, who is also and INTP kind of acts the same way. Shes just all over the place lol 

I don't see INTJ at all. Yea, I can agree with that. I know them so it's more personal and I know they aren't dicks but I have seen them come off as dicks to others. What about your thinking function? That'll help scratch off two possibilities. That one *usually* seems to be fairly easy to figure out. When thinking about something do you consider things with a more internal logic in a depth and understanding sorta way that makes sense to you (more subjective)? or do you prefer to follow very external based, wide range of segregated facts (more objective)?Ti it is then. 

Edit:  I shouldn't say that so definitively. What I should say is you're more likely Ti dependent. So if this indeed the case then that would scratch off INFP/ENFP. Well I guess it depends on whether or not the person takes emotion into the logical decisions. If thats the case then Fi-Te could be creating this false Ti effect. If the user just thinks about everything from a more subjective standpoint without emotion really coming into it then that would more Ti I'd say.

At this point I could honestly see INFP or ENFJ. I was spit-balling ENFJ based on the out-going, positive reinforcing style charisma that ENFJs are said to have. I can see Fe in the way she seems to try and keep everything light, fun and harmoniums rather bringing a more serious, Fi feely tone to everything. I suck at reading Intuition styles so I'm not even gonna try lol. 

but like you said thats also just an opinion. It always comes down to the functions and in the end only you can see the truth. Good to see that it didn't seem like you had to struggle too much over picking the proper functions out.No problem. I enjoy being of service in some way. Yes, the 'ghost in the machine' thing is a really strange feeling. It can get kinda weird and it's hard to explain to people. I also have to agree on the whole future idea orientation. If I don't have some kind of idea then I feel like I get stuck in this auto-pilot like Se mode. Not fun. I dislike pain and seek comfort and I'm an INFJ. I mean theres good pain, like what you get after a work-out but thats different I suppose. I'm not so sure if these functions really apply to the physical, I think it's more mental based hence the name cognitive functions. I think any type could have any level pain tolerance. You also have to take HSPs into account as well. No, it's not like that. There isn't any loss of awareness, it's the opposite. It's like a form of metacognition I guess you could say. Due to the nature of Ni and it being dominant it's always taking in whats around you and internalizing it. Ni never stops working, ever, whether conscious or unconscious so you're always absorbing everything around you and unconsciously mulling it over. This results in this constant weird feeling of being aware whether you mean to be or not. For me it's like I'm watching a movie in my head except the movie is what I'm seeing/feeling/sensing etc.I said it was weird lolI can't speak for INTJs but for (most? some?) INFJs just be yourself, that simple. If you don't mesh with an INFJ don't take it personally. Is there any reason this INFJ might have some false pretense about you? Do you act a certain way around this person? I knew it. We get these hunches about people and some seem to stick to them in certain cases. You're just gonna have to try to break that false idea this person has of you. I know it's not fair to you but if you try to really prove you're not like this false idea I would imagine this person will begin to lighten up. Unless of course this INFJ is super stubborn... in which case, god speed lol. :D Thanks!I don't typically label people, I just get gut feelings about certain people. It's hard to explain how it happens to be honest as I've never really thought about it. I think it comes with the way Ni works in that you absorb little details from what people say/do and build this unconscious library of Human actions through which we make future judgments. The only time I ever right someone off is if it is readily apparent that they are an asshole or acting obviously and painfully fake. 

I was kind of an asshole for a pretty decent portion of my life but not in the way that I labeled people, just more that I was selfish and kind of condescending. I didn't use Fe for whatever reason and I feel thats the primary reason I was the way I was among other smaller reasons I shall not get into. Since I had begun to, 'discover myself' I guess you could say, I have been becoming much more conscious of other people and their views and feelings. 

...well not to say that I wasn't really conscious of it before, I just ignored it :/We're all lab experiments created by INTPs so they could better understand others and it went horribly, **horribly** wrong. We're so rare because there are secret ENTJ robot hunting parties hired by the INTPs sent after us to eliminate the evidence. Most of us are able to activate our 'chameleon' modes and blend in when the hunting parties get close. We then use our mind powers to melt the ENTJs with a special vision that sees through to their souls and this breaks them. I think we're safe here. If a hunting party shows up we can just say that the INFJs ran off. When the ENTJs question it, and you know they will, just say they won't be able to follow them. They won't be able to resist the challenge and will fly off after em in a rage to prove us wrong.I don't want the attention. I would say ask another but they will all decline as well for the same reason. Then we'll all get together afterwards and bitch to each other about how no one ever gives us any recognition. This is accurate. Yes. I'm not an HSP, at least I'm pretty damn sure I'm not. Any type can be an HSP.Only once. I was first typed as INFP but that was a mistype. INFJ fits me pretty damn well and has over pretty much my entire life. I'm currently mulling over ISFJ though as I need to make sure if it is or isn't a possibility. I'm always unsure of something :/

I came to the realization I was an INFJ before I did the proper Enneagram test. After taking it I was typed as a 6w5 and I gotta say it fits me and INFJ well in some regards. Especially the drive to be both near and separate from people. &gt; I know one specific thing about inferior Se because I'm close with a lot of IN-Js. Going out and doing something helps them unwind and relax.

So much this. I'll drive myself nuts obsessing over something and just going out on a walk calms me down and clears my head. When it comes to RPGs I tend to pick battlemage type classes. Anything that combines weaponry and magic. As for competitive team games I tend to pick which ever I feel will support the team the most. I prefer to choose aggressive support types rather than lead the charge as a pure combat type or pure passive support type. I got mediator. Not sure what to think of that. I mean I guess it's accurate to some degree. [No Control - Bad Religion.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4ZiO-OdO94) 

The ideas from the song were like mental crack to me. The idea that through our relative success as a civilization thanks to our consciousness means that we must have control over our lives and environment. We go about life under this illusion as where in reality, life and it's experiences and our understanding of them or lack thereof, control us. Everything we do, everything we fail to do are because of the effect life has on us. Even our effect on life is a result of it's effects on us, we have no real control. A puppet master controls it's puppet via strings. The interaction of the puppet with it's environment may send reverberations back up through the strings to the master but it means nothing as the master was the original source anyways. When we think we have achieved something and formed some degree of control, life throws us a curve ball and knocks back on our asses. Despite this punch in the face we get right back up and resume our race to maintain real control even though it will never be possible. To me it's essentially a song about the struggle of life.Ok I'm not a BR fan but I've been listening to this song none the less since you brought it up. So i originally saw two different meanings in this song but I have melded them into one. Essentially to me it's about different motivations to take different actions or paths in life that inspire different results for different people. However the final way I see it is like that of an individuals single world view. 

My interpretation is from the point of view of a bitter individuals view of society. This person sees everything as in a constant state of entropy both fueled by life and death, the ugly and the beautiful, the factual and the abstract. The thing is that this view of society/life is both what is keeping this person down and as well as kept them going until a certain point. Essentially like the name of the song, a generator, spurting all forms of motivation. Like shades of black and white blurring into one indistinguishable shade of gray and this person to me seems to so very desperately want out. It almost seems to me like the recounting of life from a suicide victim.It's about finding a personal meaning in the music or visualizing a story, even in instrumental music. Kinda hard to do so on one or two pass-overs. I have music playing the vast majority of the time, just unconsciously soaking up meaning until something dawns on me or I actively think about it later. Not everyone cares to do so however. Some just listen to the music for the raw experience and energy and others dig into the music for enjoyment or perhaps a mix of both. Wow, I really like all the function descriptions on that site. They actually seem to describe the functions as is rather than spew out some sensationalized behavioral bullshit. I can see why you like it so much. I have a feeling I'll be going here in the future for more info when I feel the need. Nothing wrong with a sappy poem here and there, especially the short but sweet ones that hit home. All the introverted functions build different personal frameworks. Ni is conceptual, Ti is logical, Fi is moral, and Si is sensory. Could also make an argument for it forming Si doms. When you're extra sensitive in both the physical and emotional sense then sensations are liable to make a larger impression on you. INFJ - rock, punk rock, alternative and to a lesser extent hard rock and some electronic stuff. I don't mind some of the softer genres, I just prefer anything thats high energy, loud and can make me feel and think. :D Little is better in terms of auditory stimulation than a powerful rock song. When the lyrics and theme are strong and they unchain the lead guitarist at some point for a kick-ass solo.... ohh thats the good stuff. Don't trust the tests, man. They aren't a *terrible* place to get a general idea of your type but they are far from concrete. They are indeed pretty horoscope like and they muck up a perfectly valid psychological theory. Looking into the real MBTI is not silly and can actually be super useful for getting a real basic level understanding of yourself. If want to know what type you really are then you're going to have dive head first into the cognitive functions and self-evaluate. I'll give the skinny right here. Every type uses four cognitive functions. A thinking function, a feeling function, a sensing function, and an intuition function. There are two different forms of each function, extroverted and introverted. Each type uses one of each function in a stack of four, two extroverted functions, two introverted. These unique 16 types are what is the MBTI. Best place to start is to figure out which functions the INTJ uses and in which order they use them. [Heres](http://www.cognitiveprocesses.com/16Types/INTJ.cfm) a site I used to use just to see the functions of the types. You can go [here](http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/12/how-each-cognitive-function-manifests-based-on-its-position-in-your-stacking/) to get very strait-forward and clean explanations of the functions and how they work in each slot while avoiding the generalized, sensational bullshit that alot of places spew out about the types and functions. [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7XUBpIHEq0&amp;list=PL6rzdODmcL67yYuPIQI1nY_ct1P2TDUyv&amp;index=1) Youtube playlist by Michael Pierce is a nice resource for forming a basic understanding of Jungian (later MBTI) typology theory. He'll go through back-story as well as the basics. I see your whole country play-list and raise you [The Vengeful One](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nW-IPrzM1g) *laughs maniacally*Strangle your Ti and give in &gt;:DThe MBTI mother sub doesn't really have all the "woe is me, woe is my type, I can't do this or I feel this way because I'm a xxxx." However if you look at the individual subs? Completely different story. You are right however as people place way too much stock in the stereotypical type behaviors and it clouds judgments and leads to lots of mistyping. Well thats a different case from mine but it's valid none the less. Just ignore the people who can't see beyond the behavioral stereotypes. I'll be honest. Of my friend group the ENTJ and myself can be quite assuming as where the INTP and ESFP tend to be unassuming and seem to have little issue offering whatever. However in recent times I have endeavored to be a whole lot less assuming and the ESFP has been taking himself more into account. Point? Nothing is certain as we are all subject to change. I recall reading somewhere that Js tend to be more direct with their requests/questions/communication. As where Ps tend to take a more passive approach. Rather than directly make a request or ask a question they kind of plant the seed of the idea in the others head with their wording. Current: INFJ

Extrovert: ENTJ

Introvert: ISTPLol you just made me think of a family of all ENTJs. What a cluster fuck that must be. I'm curious as to why you would also choose ISTP?&gt; I'm somewhat impatient, not that I always expect instant results but whenever I stumble on an interesting documentary I would end up reading more of the topic instead of watching, simply because less time consuming. I also get on Wikipedia in the middle of films to read the plot in order to save time, despite not having time so valuable. I dislike when things are prolonged more than they should be.

This kind of seems like dominant Te to me. buuut...

&gt; I get oversimulated at times, which I've read is a general IxxJ thing. How I deal with such overload is that I get more active and more into doing things. For example the last time I was intensely distressed I found myself long distance running in an empty area under construction, something I would never think about doing regularly.

This kind of seems of inferior Se to me as long as you can provide some pretext. When you say overstimulated could elaborate on what causes it? Is it more mental over-stimulation  or more physical based?

&gt; I'm a perfectionist and it somewhat reflects unhealthily on some obsessive tendencies when there's a job that needs to be done. It also reflects on my eating habits. I was always made fun of for things like not liking to touch food with my hands, and not eating certain things because of their color, and washing my hands a billion times a day (This in particular feels like a compulsive urge that I can't control).

This seems like stereotypical Ni dom, Se inferior behavior but it's certainly not restricted to them.

Your last two pints for me make me want to lean towards INTJ. I can understand the pull here to a Te dom but from an Ni dom I know that if you are not aware of it then it goes by unnoticed, subtly and unconsciously affecting your actions.Ok I end up with a similar feel though for me it's more like a knot in my gut which leads to a feeling of fatigue in my abdominal region and slight depression as opposed to headaches and overall physical pain. I'll end up overindulging in something physical in compensation and it doesn't help in the end. Either way this does kind of seem like an inferior Se grip to *some* extent but I only say that because I'm not an INTJ and things are different for those odd-balls. This is why you go on these impulsive runs, to feed Se with stimulation and release energy. 

This seems nothing like ISTJ behavior when stressed. They are said to begin to freak out about all the negative possibilities and can't get anything done. I would have to stick to my INTJ suggestion but like anything you read on the internet, take it with a grain of salt. 

I found that the easiest way to determine type is to look at the negatives. Look into the INTJ Ni-Fi loop and in the grip of inferior Se and see if any of that speaks to you personally. Also, look through multiple sources for the loop as all types experience their loops different from those of their own type. I thought the same thing lol It is kind of amusing and creative to be honest.You're putting too much emphasis on type, man. This stuff does not dictate who you are and what you can really do. Take the time to figure out what you are good at as an individual and focus on that. We all have our own little trades that we can offer to the world in our own way. I know that might sound cliché but I believe it to be basically true.I'm not so sure about ISFJ. I defiantly think I see Si here but he seems to open to the unknown at his age to be a Si dom. I'm more inclined to agree with an Fi dom to be honest. The whole part about not liking people being treated unfairly because he was treated unfairly and the emphasis on authenticity seems pretty Fi to me. OP also stating hes not very judgmental also seems like Fi to me as I feel Fe is more judgmental as it's focused on the external. Fe users just don't like to admit it. The music based on mood as opposed to mood based on music also says Fi to me. 

Based on these responses he seems to likely be an intuitive, I mean look at what was pulled from the photo, that was kind of deep as opposed to a face value sensory analysis. He is also open to new possibilities/ideas in the moment with a strong focus on the past (Ne-Si). He does not like spending too much time focusing on one thing which to me also says Ne. The internal pointing out of everyones mistakes seems like weak Te to me, especially because he says it's more so when hes in a bad mood. 

Overall I'm just gonna spit-ball INFP here. Too much Si here to be an ISFP but I suppose Se/Ni could also achieve a similar effect. I guess it would depend on just how detailed OPs memory is to determine if this is indeed Si.  Well I know an ESFP as well and he gets along with pretty much everyone. It's in the nature of Se doms to just go with the flow and exist in the wake of whom ever is leading the charge. They also both share Fi which could lead to both being feckless in terms of what the other thinks of them. You're also an Introverted Thinker dominant so you're likely to clash with the INTJs very pragmatic, intuitive views. 

In my case the INTP and ENTJ I know often have little clashes over stupid things due to the T function differences. As where I get along capitally with the INTP and I do tend to clash with the ENTJ after long periods of time. Again with the Te/Ti contrast. 

Just my thoughts, take it all with a grain of salt.  Satire and sarcasm. I think a good example of this is Lewis Black. The guy slays me.It's easy for me to keep it inside but it can't stay there forever. I usually just find a nice private place and use music and let it do it's job. Usually feel better by the next day. 

Let yourself breakdown, don't hold it in. Do it in private or talk to someone you trust, just don't bottle it up. Repression is a fickle son of a bitch. The inferior is a great way to whittle things down. It usually manifests in a very specific way and it's pretty damn easy to spot in hindsight. Too much Fe here to be an INFP. At the start I wanted to say ISFJ and then later on I began leaning towards INFJ. From this I feel you are quite likely one of those two. ENFJ could also be a possibility but you seem to be a tad bit too introverted but it's still possible as you seem to have some strong Fe. When it comes to your strong desire to help others I'm not sure whether thats more because these people are so important to you that feel it's your duty to support them (ISFJ) or just because you have a strong desire to please and be accepted (ENFJ). Then there is the strong desire for privacy which could go for either INFJ or ISFJ as these types are probably the most private of them all. I think in order to whittle this down we'll have to determine whether you use Ni or Si. Both of these functions act the same way but the information they collect are totally different. 

Si soaks up heaps of real world details. It's like a reality focused sponge. Si users have highly detailed memories and by this I mean you can easily recall many fine details. Si users also claim they tons of useless details in their memories that serve no real purpose to them. The details that are recalled differ from person to person so maybe you easily remember faces or facial expressions, what people were wearing, movements and actions people take, exact time, exact colors, sounds and smells. Si also strongly looks to the past when examining the present and approaching the future. It also tends to hold them in place if their inferior extroverted intuition is weak or if taking new action isn't for the sake of others. Si users also tend to be very nostalgic and love to reflect on the pasts events and details. Si doms also looove organization and cleanliness.

Ni users also soak up heaps of details but they aren't really physical details. Ni is a conceptual idea based sponge as opposed to physical details. Ni takes in external information and reads between the lines, making connections with the meanings behind what it sees to those of the past. In contrast to Si, Ni users don't have the greatest of memories where details are concerned. Rather than vividly detailed memories, Ni users have more vague memories but they can remember what something meant in a memory or how a conceptual observation of the past fits into something in the present. Ni is very present/future oriented and likes to look at the big picture of what it sees and does not care for the nitty-gritty details of reality. Ni also has a tendency to make odd connections unconsciously that seem to result in little "oooohhh" or "aha" moments. In contrast to the final Si point, Ni doms tend to ignore their immediate environment which results in them being rather unorganized and messy but they still know where their stuff is.

There is also the inferior function dynamics of these types to consider. Inferior Se of an INFJ tends to make them kind of oblivious to their environment at times. They also tend to forget about simple details and tasks. When stressed or aggravated, inferior Se manifests in volatile emotional eruptions and cause hostile attitudes towards things in the users environment. They also tend to overindulge in sensation based escapes.

ISFJs have inferior Ne which tends to cause the user to not really care for future possibilities. They tend to not really want to think about the future and instead stick to the present and past. When stressed or aggravated, inferior Ne tends to start catastrophizing over any possibility of any event in the users life. They also become impulsive and spontaneous and loose sight of the details they normally hold so dear.I'll say INFJ sounds likely. However INFJ and ENFJ share the same exact functions (just reorganized) so now you've got a bit of research to do between these two types. You'd be remiss to not at least do some research on the two just to be sure. 


Also I just wanted to point out the story telling lol I do the same thing where I hear this great joke or story and would love to share it but when the time comes I can't remember fuck-all about it. Lots of "uhh.. wait a minute, I just had it" "No wait, that part didn't go like that" "Sorry, I'm terrible at this but I promise it was funny" The yelling and cursing at inanimate objects is also a big thing I do, especially when things fall over or end up missing, just unleashes the rage haha.

Also Ni and Si can both be reflective and nostalgic but it's just that Si loves to do it all the time for the sake of being nostalgic as where Ni does it when it hears/sees something that causes a connection to an idea of the past. IXTJs only want you to think they have the feels. It's all part of their plan for world domination. My vote is for ENTJs. They like to come off cold but inside they're all soft as butter. All the time. I couldn't stop doing it even if I tried. I especially enjoy observing it in groups and it always makes me chuckle a little when the functions show themselves. Ti/Te arguments are always the best to observe as long as it's lighthearted. Moral conflicts make my skin crawl. I have first hand experience of what an Fe v Fi argument is like and I haaate it. Well, yea but in contrast Fe can come off as too soft. An Fi user might form a heavily subjective moral opinion on someone fairly quickly and then might look at an Fe dom and wonder why the hell they're still on the fence or still advocating for this person. 

I don't have this issue though as Ni + Fe can make me pretty judgmental when someone/thing doesn't 'feel' right. Fits right in line with Fi users so I'm good with that. Astrology has been around for a long, long time and if something sticks around long enough it tends to gain a following. It also 'explains' alot about peoples lives and gives them excuses for their actions rather than taking responsibility for themselves (just like many do with MBTI...) . It also gives people some kind of goal to aim for or some part of themselves to focus on fixing or an excuse for not getting into/out of 'faulty' relationships. It's essentially something to believe in, like a small religion in a sense. It is, for the most part, coincidence that leads to confirmation bias but to be honest some of it can be quite uncanny. What you mention in your example of a pisces is only the sun sign. In reality it goes so much deeper than that and that is where the following is formed. I think it's something worth looking into out of pure interest and curiosity, not something to believe in... especially that future horoscope shit. 

Also people are not the way they are because of their type. They are the way they are because of everything they've been exposed to in life and based on the choices they've made. The functions only effect how you process information on a very basic level. lol of course this was brought up by an INFP. It doesn't really matter who it is because I don't allow it. I have a grand resistance percentage total of 0 to it so I have to avoid it. Ill go after others though depending on who they are. No mercy. Yup. Fe-Se loops.LOLno. I promise you they are not incapable of it in any way. This is coming directly from first hand experience. You fuckers love the cold shoulder. When an ENTJ isn't confronting you over something, you know shit has gone down. Yea I recall that whole thing with the INFP and others. I thought it was deplorable the way they kept picking at you. Granted you weren't exactly innocent and you went back at them but I think people should have realized you weren't in a rational state and they should have taken the high ground and fucked off from the conversation. Either way it's nice to hear that you got your situation sorted and you're in a healthy state of mind. Welcome back :) INTJ, not INFJ. The whole segment about empathy being 'utilized' is not what Fe users do. I mean not unless they are super unhealthy. That whole part sounds like Fi being guided under Ni-Te.There were a few I was uncertain of and I guess I was right as I got 30/36. I'm all for forgiving the Covenant. Poor little subjugated Grunts :(It's not just sensors, man. I grow tired of all the intuitive circle-jerking as well and wish there was more of an equal focus on sensors. Variety is the spice of life, regardless of the degree in which it manifests. There is a sore lack in sensor culture around here and all you have to do is go look at the S subs for proof. There are more supple deserts in the world then there are active sensor subs. 

Thing is that I'm inclined to agree with the general consensus that N types are more likely to be drawn to online MBTI culture. Thats not to say that sensors can't be drawn to it but it does seem like they lack interest when compared to intuitives. Hell, even when it comes to my family and friends the N types seem to have a fair bit more interest in this subject. 

Some blame should also be focused on the fact that most function descriptions tend to pin Sensing functions as ordinary and bland while Intuitive functions are depicted as grandiose, magical, and special *rolls eyes*. The stigma around sensing simply could not be further from the truth. Most Ne types cannot hold a candle to energy Se types give off in most situations. Spend some time talking to an Si type, preferably an Si dom, and it can be astounding the amount of details they can recall. It's damn near like a super power. My statement stands. Everything the Covenant did was because of the level of indoctrination the High Prophets had over them. They were all following a mandate that would have inevitably led to self-destruction. Who in their *right* mind would do such a thing? If you can't forgive them then you might as well just become them. INTPs have Fe and just because it's inferior does not necessarily make it weak. INTPs, well at least most I imagine, feel just as much as any other type with higher feeling functions. Both INTPs I know are quite aware of their emotional states but pretty much never show them. I had my INTP friend open up once about an emotional issue which left me kind of amazed. My point being that due to lower scale of preference for Fe they don't feel as strong a need to outwardly vindicate it so it stays inside. INTPs may come off as lacking self-awareness but when it comes to their internal reality that could not be further from the truth, they just don't show it or give it outward credence. 

However as a self-sustained counterpoint the same argument could be made about INFJs in a different light. Due to Fe being influenced heavily and immediately by two very internalized functions, INFJs also tend to keep their feelings to themselves despite the natural preference for Fe to get it out into the world. Ni and Ti just rationalize it away or turn Fe against itself so as to not disturb others.Well OP isn't an older INTP, now is he? ;)I'm unaware of the inner feeling states of older INTPs as both I know are 20 and 22. One should also take personal development into consideration. What if an INTP spends *alot* of their time around strong feelers? It could leave a hefty imprint on their personality in the form of a more well developed Fe.Ohh the sensitive side of ENTJs is very much a reality. I've seen it but you have to earn the right, in a way, to be able to see it which in itself sounds very ENTJ-like. They keep their emotions to themselves but because of the preferred feeling function being Fi and inferior they don't feel the need to express it. Once you've proven yourself to the ENTJ you're likely to see it at some point. Think of an ENTJs feelings like a Giant Squid, they aren't myths, they're real but you gotta put forth alot of effort to find them in the depths of the sea. &gt; It's often very late that I even hear that something has been bothering her. She lets it fester, and then we have blowups over oddly small things

The level of understanding I have of this point is too real. My ENTJ friend I will take little, almost innocent jabs at each other while in the heat of something and we'll both fester on it. Then we'll make little quips back at each other and neither of us return it in force. He turns his emotions inward and me...well, fuck conflict but in the end one of us ends up snapping. Let me tell you when an ENTJ grows emotionally cold in an inferior Fi grip and an INFJ explodes at the ENTJ in an Se grip.. not pretty. Thing is that it is pretty much always over stupid, little shit. I cannot think of one argument that was really based on something serious. Tert Fi and inferior Fi meetings seems like it would take a while to adjust to on both sides. It's good to hear that you guys have found a nice rhythm though. I think this is a nice testament against the stereotype that XNTJs are robots whom don't have feelings.I really appreciate this explanation. We all try to pin specifics and behaviors to each function as where in reality it's all a load of subjective shit. Your explanation here is so crisp, clean, and delightfully unbiased. It's panned out exactly how cognitive functions would play-out in the mind and more individuals/sites should adopt this straightforward explanation. Functions as a whole are not explicitly about specific actions, experiences, thoughts, senses, or memories. We are all centered around these criteria at our core and one type isn't necessarily more likely to be better at one than another. These functions are simply about how the mind chooses the order in which to sift through all of it.

Talking about an idea wouldn't be boring to a sensor if you approach the idea in a way that is conducive to their thought process but thats the whole point of this thread, now isn't it.Thank you :) Emotions are just another tool to be utilized, eh?Civilization in it's current state seems to be heading to some kind of traumatic climax in one form or another but then again are we all really in our right, collective minds, are we? We all seem more complacent than anything. &gt; I tend to worry and think too deeply into a lot of things. 

These two seemed combined for a reason which makes me think Fe-Ti axis.

&gt; I like to create emotional connections with people and things I'm interested in and struggle to motivate myself if I don't care about things. 

This seems again to me like Fe. Fe wants to take the inner emotional world and get it out into the world and make connections. It's not to say that Fi cannot do this, it's just that Fe is more likely to do this.

&gt; I care too much about what people think of me. 

Again, Fe. You worry about your impact on the world around you and the world perception of you in return. 


&gt; I try my best to be organised but sometimes get lost in thought and procrastinate. 

This I'm not so sure how to categorize. This could be depicted as an Si-Ne axis I suppose. Si users tend to like organization but can be distracted easily by the drive to act on new thoughts. I suppose this would depend on how you end up procrastinating. 

&gt; I like to feel comfortable and clean and I try to avoid things that threaten that. 

Could be Si. Again, Si likes familiar things and organization and tries to avoid things that disrupt this if the current focus is not on Ne.



&gt; I don't like black and white thinking. 

Ti. Ti likes to form subjective understandings of things around you. It looks at something and likes to attempt to comprehend it from many different logical angles. Te in contrast does the same thing but it's outwardly focused and because of this, objectivity is favored and this can cause things to be seen as more black and white.


&gt; I spend a lot of time imagining myself in scenarios like playing music, conversations or in TV shows I like (but only shows I'm emotionally engaged with). 

I don't know how to go about this one as I can many different types of people doing this. I don't think I can rightly tie this to any specific functions. 


&gt; Small talk bores me. 

Again, too broad to tie to a function. 


&gt; I try to stay away from rude or blunt people though I can handle it better if I've gotten to know the person. 

Sounds like Fe. Avoidant of negativity in the environment at large so as to preserve your emotional state. Also willing to deal with the negativity if the person has a personal meaning to you. Is it impossible for Fi to this as well? No, not at all. But I feel like Fi isn't all that concerned with the external emotional environment unless it has a personal meaning to them and is better at maintaining internal emotional homeostasis. 

&gt; I hate conflict and feel awful if I upset someone. 

Avoiding conflict in general is more of an F thing. However feeling awful about hurting someone is more likely to be geared towards Fe. 


&gt; I like to organise things in my head and like reading about categories like music genres. 

Ti, simple as that. It likes subjective organization and understanding. 


&gt; I'm generally emotional and not afraid to talk about feelings with people I'm comfortable with.

This in general is just more of F thing. Both Fe and Fi like to express emotion in one way or another when comfortable. Fe is more likely to outwardly express emotions if it's dominant and so is Fi if dominant. I think the difference would be that Fe will tend to be more direct as where Fi might be a bit more indirect with expression. Someone correct me if you think this is total bull. 


&gt; I could do with thicker skin and get upset easily. 

Again, this could go both ways but I'm more inclined to lean towards Fe as it's more outwardly receptive. 

&gt; I don't deal well with plans changing. 

I don't have a sufficient enough understanding of the J-P dichotomies to explain this yet. This is more geared towards J types though if I'm not mistaken. 


&gt; I'm very impatient.

Just personal preference through development. Any type can be very patient or impatient. 


&gt; I do my best to be polite and friendly to people.

This is more of an F thing again lol They just do it for different reasons. Probably safe to assume you're a feeler at this point. 


&gt; Contrary to my username I'm very indecisive.

Again, too general. Don't anyone go blaming this on Ne/Se as Ni/Si can also be indecisive. 

Overall based on this and your two personal most likely choices, I would have to say ISFJ more so than INFP. I was trying to be more stereotypical in a humorous way about ENTJs and efficiency. Wasn't trying to be manipulative. Dat Fe. What can I say lolAlso, I hadn't considered the point that /u/ENTJragemode raised in that you could be an ESFJ. You do seem to reference Fe alot but it could be just that you're an ISFJ with more Fe preference than Si. It could also be that Fe is your first rational function as where Si is just a perceiving function so you're going to act on Fe more. I often feel I act on Fe or Se more often as where if I'm by myself the focus is on Ni-Ti. So consider the context behind when and how you'd use the functions as well. Forgive me but I'm not too in tune with the XSFJs. I currently desire to learn more about ISFJs though. I think a good way to try and whittle it down to one or the other might be to look at Si-Fe and Fe-Si function axis descriptions. You might find [this](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/132437407687/accurate-typing-distinguishing-extraverts-and) to be helpful.shshhhshshhh don't blow the truth. People need to think Ni doms are wizards whom know all. Let them continue to think it's like a magic crystal ball. 

^^^It's ^^^actually ^^^more ^^^like ^^^a ^^^'magic' ^^^8-ball ^^^or ^^^a ^^^fortune ^^^cookieESTP. It's late so I really don't want to go through this point by point right now. I can edit this or make another post later today when I can if you'd like. I feel decently confident in the assessment though. Everything here just seems Dom Se, Aux Ti, Tert Fe, Inf Ni to me.Your answers obviously imply extroverted preference. Specifically, the point about being alone with thoughts and feelings being annoying just blows my mind away as an introvert lol 


You seem to love being actively engaged on a moment to moment basis without really being interested in behind the scenes meaning. You seem to like to take things at face value and ask questions openly about things you don't understand to form an understanding. This makes me think Se dom - Ni inferior. The photo analysis especially drove this point home to me from a subjective stand point as I could see a meaning in it.

These answers seem kind of quick and to the point, like they've been rationalized internally already which kinda strikes me as higher Ti but on a dominant kind of level, like it's a supportive function, a means to an end. You will take to the internet to gain knowledge of something to form a personal understanding in the moment. You also brought to question the vague nature of some of the questions and said you wanted them to be more specific, likely so you can apply the appropriate logical thoughts. Then theres the remarks about feelings being kind of a touchy subject which makes me think you have a T preference rather than an F preference.

Then we come to the feeling/morals/beliefs points. You don't seem to place much credence on moral feelings, not to say you don't care, it just doesn't seem like that big a priority. You do seem to be openly affected by the external world which implies Fe. You also can't really be bothered to argue points that are important to you, likely because you don't want an emotionally charged argument to end up hurting someone or make you look like an ass (this is just my Fe interpretation of yours). This all implies a lower preference for feeling as I feel like if it were higher in the stack then you'd be more open to more 'feely' chat as you'd have more control over the Fe function. If an argument doesn't really morally apply to you then you have a 'have at it' kind of attitude so that looks like Se-Ti over Fe to me. Then we come to the point about forming moral judgments of others. You don't seem to really value feeling based judgment processes, rather surface level, logical analysis. Looks like you opt to just go with your first impressions of a person all while remaining open to change. It has a more high Se, low Fe "Do I like this person? They seem cool, relaxed and non-judgmental... yea, I think I like em." kinda vibe. You also state that you fear indifference which might indicate you're worried what it might make others think of you. You also said you can change your morals based on those around you, in other words - textbook Fe.

So assuming the assessment of Se-Ti-Fe is correct then that only leaves Ni as the option for the inferior. You said you wish you had more perspective in terms of reading meanings in things which sounds like Ni forming a future goal of wishing it was stronger. Other than that I can't really see any signs of strong Ni here and on the other hand I see no Ne.


I can't remember what your flare was before so I can safely say it didn't affect this. I'm gonna stick with ESTP. Si is more geared towards impressions from the environment and recalling these impressions upon making decisions or relating to the present moment. While Si =/= great memory, it can help out a fair amount. Of the two INTPs I know she seems to have a stronger favoring of Si, as where the other seems to favor Ne far more. Man, I hate this bias. Theres nothing wrong with being a sensor. If it matters that much to you then here is something you can focus on. You have an intuitive function, everyone does, just study Ni and try to strengthen the function by consciously feeding it. You might wish you had more an intuitive ability but I wish I could act more through Se and stop feeling stuck all the damn time and just act. Trust me when I say your ability to act and be present in every moment is a blessing in it's own right, it might not feel special but neither does being in my head all the time. Funny how an Fe users sees Fe and an Fi user sees Fi. This is just a perfect example as to why these type me posts aren't the greatest way of going about it. I see where you're coming from with the Fi judgment but to me it doesn't seem like the feeling function is of a higher priority as it would be in an ESFP. Then again, I don't use Fi so I would have to ask if it is normally this subtle or not in your experience as an ISFP. I think I see some nice Te to be honest. I think XNTJ is most likely from this small sample, just my opinion though.ooo someone isn't pleased, went digging through post history. I didn't type myself based on some pseudoscience, I merely pointed out what saw as an uncanny correlation, if it even was one. For the record I have had healthy skepticism of type from the moment I got into MBTI and was typed as INFP. I have gone through and considered many types but on a whole these functions are the only ones that make any sense to me. I still question it from time to time and force honesty upon myself but nothing has come of it yet. If anything there may be a chance I'm an ENFJ but I know that only time will allow me to sort that out completely.

Now, my point at hand being that he shouldn't be letting people pressure him into questioning himself without asking for it, it has nothing to do with my assessment compared to those of others.

Edit: Ohh I see why you posted this. I feel like a such a fuck now... he said *"Someone is super insistent that I'm not an ESTP!"* I read that as *was* rather than *is*, my bad, my bad. No ill-intent meant towards anyone in this thread, I was just being oblivious yet again. If it means anything I downvoted myself and removed the post lol I'll summon /u/Vixen_Lucina so this can cleared in case there was any misconceptions there. Well, off the top of my head I would suggest paying more attention to symbolic meanings in things. When you look at something and get a gut feeling that theres more there than meets the eye, that would be Ni picking up on something. I get that this might not be easy but if you work at it then you'll end up putting more focus than normal on Ni and perhaps help it to grow. 

For example: When I looked at the image the first thing that drew my attention was the reflection of the ear buds on the music sheet. This gave me a feeling that theres meaning there so I looked at it briefly. Came to the conclusion that the reflection indicates the person can hear the music in their head upon reading music sheets. Is this what the photographer meant? I don't know, but it's just my own symbolic interpretation. 


Another way is to try and develop your ability to see other perspectives in any given situation. If you see one possibility to act on you might want to take a moment and try and see something from another angle, in a more bigger picture sorta way. Consider some other possibilities or points of view before acting.

Thats all I can really think of that could really help. There could be a few other things but I feel they might be too esoteric like "try to see the world for what it really is, like on a level that can't be seen." What? Yea, tell me about it. I got questioner. The brief description seems to have a degree of accuracy. I think it's 4 and 6 for the most part. Either way, enneagram isn't a good way to go about figuring out MBTI type. These two typing systems are more complimenting than conjoining. 

As for the typing I feel like XSXJ is a good match for /u/peartrans I can't decide if Fe or Te is favored as they both seem to be here, probably gonna lean more towards Fe. I know it's stereotypically in the nature of SJ to do be so heavily other oriented.Well mental issues certainly can put a damper on typing properly. Sorry to hear you've got these issues. Being other oriented isn't a bad thing, it's just that some people let it get waaay outta hand. Being selfish at times is also a good thing despite the definition sounding so *negative*.Uhh.. the auto upvotes don't count just so you know. Only upvotes from other users count. &gt; I have read astrology. I love reading about otherworldly stuff like astrology, the occult, conspiracy theories ect. I never believe them for a second, and i am actually pissed at people that do.

I love that you don't see the irony there. lmao. Ok, lemme spell it out for you, buddy. If there weren't people who believed in this stuff, then it wouldn't be around for you enjoy reading about. See it now? As everyone should be, no one should just follow anything blindly but thats not the way the world works. Assuming that final remark was some low-key retaliatory jab, not saying it is, but just under the assumption that it may be, there is *very* little I firmly believe in. What I do firmly believe in is possibilities, and I can see any number of these theories being true.I don't know about trying to pick a type based off this but I am pretty sure this is Si. Maybe Si dominant and... *maybe* Fe? That last line kind of strikes me as anti-Fi. I do the same thing with the  vocal/mannerism mimicry but it's just more as something fun rather than it having a purpose. Yea, might be Si-Ne axis. Then finding a purpose in the external world does seem like Fe. Impressions are the best, especially when they are kind of annoying lol I'm getting like an INXP vibe from this. I think one of the easiest ways to figure out typing is to look at the inferior. Take at look at this [inferior Te](http://personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/76770-recognizing-inferior-function-ifps.html) (INFP) article and this [inferior Fe](http://personalitycafe.com/intp-articles/76783-recognizing-inferior-function-intp.html) (INTP) article. See which fits you better. You still miss the point. In order for anything to stick around to become established, people have to believe in and follow it.Well Ne is aux for me but thats still high so I'll give you an example. Ok, so I went to the park the other night and I saw a plastic water bottle sitting on a bench, it pissed me off because fuck scumbags who litter but thats just the initial Fi response. What came next was a bunch of different possibilities as to why this person could have left it there. Maybe they had to attend to a child and forgot about it, maybe they got some important phone call and had to rush off, maybe they were in a bad mood and couldn't be bothered, maybe they just simply forgot for whatever reason, or maybe they are just a piece of shit who doesn't care about littering. Thats essentially what Ne does, well focused under Fi at least. I can't imagine what it might be like for a Ne dom. I don't know, and if I tried to describe it I'm sure I'd butcher it... I mean I've tried to describe Ni before but miserably crashed and burned. You're gonna need the perspective from one whom uses Ni. I was just giving a real example of Ne. So did I. Thats the unrelenting power of the Fi-Si loop. Ne stayed suppressed and as Ni is my 6th function I can choose use it fairly easily. I realized I wasn't an INFJ upon reading into inferior Te... so much sense there. I originally typed as INFP before I got into the function meat behind the theory. After typing as an INFJ I got into the functions and the loop began. This has been going on for like... I think 2-2 1/2 months or so. I kept trying to personally validate everything as where with my real functions there is no validation, it's just me. 

Edit: Well now I remember lol The reason I looked into inf Te is because the idea of being an ISFP pissed me the fuck off (Fi dom values say hello). Why you might ask? Both my father and brother are ISFPs and I'm not like them so the idea of being their type really irritated me. That got me thinking about dominant Fi and how I typed as INFP from the get-go. Can confirm. got closer to my ESFP friend through doing things and then discussing ideas and what not during the shared activities. Mostly through gaming. If I just try to bring up an idea then most of the time I get shot down lolThat damn Se great wall of nope.Ohh but think of the positives. 

Current world: *stereotypical sensor parent* "Why don't go outside more? Have some fun?"

Intuitive child: *sigh*


Better N world: *intuitive parent* "Heres a thought, maybe we should go outside, see whats to offer out there".

Both: *look at each other* "Eww, pass" 

Then the world turns into something akin to that Life After People show but hey, at least we enjoyed ourselves while everything fell to shit. I think a half-decent way would be to use a few different tests and it'll work out one of three ways. You're either going to get the same type across them all, or there will be a moderately consistent type, or you'll get a bunch of different types. Depending on which result rings true for you, you'd then want to take this type(s) and begin to look into the functions behind them. Taking the dominant function traits, dominant-auxiliary dynamics, the dominant-tertiary loop, and the inferior grip all into account for the most accuracy. 

If this end result does not naturally feel right, then you've most likely got yourself an ugly mistyping and you'll have to try again. Yes, it is. It's a concept of the mind which has no real tangible existence... well, that we prove at least. This does not seem like Fe to me, this seems like an Fi-Te axis. I don't know if these would exactly be dom and inf but some things here you described sound like inferior Te. You perceive a moral issue with others and when pushed to your breaking point your mind comes up with 'efficient' (inf Te), yet passionately violent (Fi dom) images. Don't really see anything here to discern the aux-tert axis but I am fairly certain of the Fi-Te axis.Fi and Fe can do the exact same things. They can both be very focused on the self and others. The only difference is the motivation. You put on a mask to try and fit in so you don't bring unwanted attention to yourself, so you can stop being picked on. Fe puts attention on others to keep everything externally even-keel for the groups sake. What you describe in your OP is Fi. Ultimately it's your life and your choice however so theres not much I can do but leave my opinion. I had the same issue. I thought I used Fe as where in reality I was just stuck in an Fi-Si loop, self-reinforcing actions with loosely connected past experiences to prove to myself that I was someone I thought I was rather than who I am. Fi is capable of some real paradoxical shit lol Why the downvote? Nothing wrong with a little self-deprecating introvert humor. The 'door slam' is a metaphor for the action of completely shutting someone out of your life with or without explanation. Yea... this is not Fi. This is actually Si at work. This has nothing to do with subjectively defined moral/ethical values and everything to do with reading the physical states of others and mimicking those physical states in yourself to form an understanding. Was about to become butthurt, then saw the flair lol Even though it's obviously a joke I still feel the need to point out that it is a complete bullshit perspective. Nope. No one here is into MBTI, sorry. Fi-Ni loop perhaps? Not believing in morals could be a Fi value, especially if looped with Ni. Pluto. Fuck the fuckers who decided it's *not* a planet. I hear it's nice this time of year. Should probably visit. People don't know what downvote is actually used for, thats the thing. Many think it's a 'I don't like this' or 'I disagree' button which just makes them look like an idiot. Downvote is for posts that do not contribute to the topic at hand, posts that are misinforming, shitposts, and basically any form of flamming. Same here. Woo internally contradicting points of view!

"*psst* pay attention! You're gonna miss this stuff!"

"But what about all these things I'd rather being doing right now?"

"You can do those lat... aaand hes gone."The importance of making sure you really like what you're studying is paramount. How did I not click that gif! The memories, that was my favorite episode. Ohh damn, sorry T types :(&gt; Asking what the meaning of life is, is like asking what 42 smells like.

I see what you did there. Stereotypically? To make a meaningful impact in a moralist sorta way. [In my head, ultimately this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YV4oYkIeGJc&amp;spfreload=10) The whole "the world is fucked up, why are people like this? It could be so much better if everyone gave a shit" ideal seems like a stereotypical INFP point of view.Ehh, maybe. They don't call em NF Idealists for nothing I suppose.

Edit: Now that I think about it I don't think this fits INFJs... well at least most of them. I feel like they would want to achieve a more philosophical, maybe even passive (dat Fe) difference in humanity as opposed to a more direct, passionate one. I see it as the difference between the two function stacks. Lol what I posted will never happen. I literally meant it as a stereotype. I coulda went down the obvious stereotypical route but decided not to. The whole "I'm soooo deep but I don't wanna do anything practical and just wanna make the arts and such" kinda thing was just too on the nose.Welp, then better start crushing the hopes, dreams, and feelings of others all in the name of domination. If you can't handle it then I guess you really are one of us lowly feeling pansy types D:I don't know any, sorry :( Inferior Te would like me to tell you however that it's all about the follow-through. You gotta throw it like you mean it for it to have a meaningful impact, literally and metaphorically. Put that Fi anger into it, really shatter that fucker. Once they have been sufficiently demoralized you'll be able to go in for the kill. Remember this and have mercy once you've conquered humanity with the rest of the ENTJs. INTJ confirmed. Pretty sure it's a type-o. It's either ENFJ-T or ENFP-T. The T referring to that unnecessary assertive/turbulent dichotomy that the 16personalities sites uses. I'm unfamiliar with big five so I wouldn't know.&gt;  I also know that NPs aren't too great at remembering to eat and do other human things, something I definitely relate to.

Not true. That would be INJs due to inferior Se and even weaker Si. NPs have Si tert/inferior and that makes it kinda hard to ignore your bodily self. Just wanted to point this out and clear it up. 

Edit: Just so I'm contributing you might want to consider ISFP. I feel like theres kinda more hints towards Fi rather than weak Fe plus you said it yourself that you're rather fond of Se so it's a possibility. S/N split between most types can be kinda hard to lock down. Both versions of each type can do the same exact shit but the way they do so can be quite a pain to figure out as the differences can be subtle. Theres quite a few instances where I find it hard to separate myself from my ISFP brother. I mean we do thing differently but we also do alot of things similarly. It's annoying honestly. I mean I've had issues with neglecting my body as well, and by his I mean ignoring it until something is wrong lol but doing basic upkeep like eating and sleeping has never been an issue for me. Maybe it's because ENTP Si is inferior? Geez... some of these points, only some, have kinda got me thinking about stuff that I always just considered normal. 

&gt; need to sleep

I've only done this a couple times and it was a bitch to fix.

&gt;  I can't stick to medication regimens

I was always terrible at this. Would stick to it for a bit and then forget about it without meaning to :/ 

&gt; I barely manage to keep clothes available to dress myself

I used to have this issue. Once I went into my 20s that kinda changed. Prob has something to do with tert development. 

&gt; I sleep in bed in my regular clothes (which I didn't realize was weird until recently)

Lmao tell me about it. I stopped doing this like 7 months ago. 


&gt; I have no control over my energy levels

This is the single biggest point I'm in agreement with. Some days I just have no energy at all and theres not a fucking thing I can do about it. I pretty much have to give in an wait for a new day. Then sometimes I just get these spurts of energy and some of my friends are all like "Who are you?"

Luckily I don't have those Ne dom issues from the second paragraph. I have all these things I'd like to try or things I get caught up in thinking about from a moment to moment basis but for the most part mine is quiet controlled under Fi. There are times where it comes out more and those are usually the nights I cannot fall asleep nor focus on anything during the day. That attitude pretty much fits my brother whom is an ISFP. It takes so damn much to push that guy over the edge. In his 20 years of life I think hes cracked two, maybe three times tops. Same goes for my father who is also ISFP as where I might pop off at the littlest thing lolI want to enjoy /r/INFP but it's too sappy and over emotional. It's a super warm place and all but other than that I can't get over it. I still visit but I don't post anymore. /r/INFJ is a massive circle jerk fest lol and a few of the others I go to from time-to-time are alight but mostly I just stick to the MBTI hub. Se =/= super active all the time. You need to realize that Se/Ne under Fi/Ti can be super restrained. As where with ESxPs Se is dominant so it's the driving function. Eh, feck it, I'm always down for reasons to doubt myself if anyone is game. ^^be ^^gentle ^^D:Your mother would be very proud of you, nice job!I know I'm an Fi dom, Te inf for sure so theres no question there. I fully expected one of those two to come up. I used to be alot more... I don't know the word to use... uh, random? When I was younger. Once I hit like 19-22 I became alot more reserved and quiet. Even more recently have had this drive to get my shit together and organized in all aspects. If thats Si developing then hurray I guess because I don't like the idea of being an ISFP. My father and brother and both clear cut examples of the two mains ISFP personalities and I fit neither. Ohh boy someone else did get a 0. Yus! Just what I was thinking. I think the guy on the far left (from the photographers point of view). Everyone else seems to have genuine facial expressions except the guy on the left. He looks likes hes trying to show something and instead has ended up showing a bunch of mixed, simulated emotions. There is no natural flow like there is with everyone else. If I'm wrong and perhaps the guy is just awkward (or constipated) then my second guess would be Cpt. Smiley holding the kid.


^^^It's ^^^actually ^^^the ^^^kid, ^^^little ^^^future ^^^hitler.Se is pure objective physical awareness of what is, Si is pure subjective physical awareness of what isn't. That may or may not make sense so I'll try and elaborate from my point of view. Granted Si is my tert so it's quite likely to be different for a Si dom/aux. 

When I look around I do not see what *is* per se like a high Se user might. This Se user might notice everything as is in the moment and all the glory that it entails. There is no clear record, no clean comparisons, simply what is. When I look around I see everything as blended together, not individual details. It's not like I can't see details, it's just that I don't pay attention to them and I'm only really looking at the shape of the perceived reality in front of me. Think of it like this - Se is a beautiful landscape painting full of details which are available to all senses. Si is the same landscape portrait but instead of it being full of details, it's just the basic framework of everything in the picture. A picture of a completed building compared to the blueprint of a building if you will. The picture is only that, a picture and everything it entails as where the blueprint is the concept of what is and when it's changed comparisons are made to what was, or what *isn't* in the moment. 

Se compares what is perceived to anything of the past in a blurry picture. Se notices the whole of what is there, when it's there, and all it's parts in a clear picture.

Si compares what is perceived to anything of the past in a clear picture. Si notices the whole of that is there, when it's there, in the form of a blurry picture.

I hope this is accurate. *Waits for high Se/Si users to shit all over this lol

I would love to describe dominant Fi but I have never really thought about it before as it's simply perception to me. I'll have to think on it and get back to you... that is assuming another Fi dom doesn't beat me to it.No problem. Theres also the whole external/internal bodily awareness needs but I just see those as another layer to the sensing functions in addition to the the primary focus on the environment. Is it wrong that I laugh like a child everything I see "Pness" used with perceiver types?I'm thinkin ExFP. I want to lean more towards ESFP though. ENTP? Naw, OP has that Fi aux. It comes off loud and clear but it's obviously not dominant. Concur. A super healthy one at that it would seem, almost textbook. Having an extroverted dominant function does not make you and extrovert in terms of sociability and energy. Also, don't bother with like 99.99% of type descriptions as they are all generalized hoo-haw. Research and understand the cognitive functions behind the ESTP type and see if they fit the mold that is you.Gonna have to go with Hunter. Seems like it would exciting and infused with purpose and the idea of having a sidekick/partner is pretty cool for the whole thing... like the whole system is kinda like the Sith Rule of Two... but only good. I thought about healer but ultimately I can see that turning out very badly.I think I'd have to agree, it's the 'shape' of what is perceived as opposed to what is actually there. These shapes are what is stored in the 'Si filing cabinet' that Ne uses to make interconnections with.INFP to Godzilla

[Ideal](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAZd0tu7jOg)

[Reality](https://youtu.be/tNAhN6Lpr1M?t=35s)Se does not make you an active person. It just means you prefer to pay attention to the external details around you. 

xSxPs are not always really active people, plenty can be super lazy. Music that can be related to? Ok, gotcha. 

[This song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9AK-VJpxow) pretty much fit my life for a long time, just not as dramatically as it makes it sound but within the same general vein. It's not a cheery message but at least it's energetic. 

Now that I've come out of it I find myself rather enjoying the message behind [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEtkIRlz7Vw)

Then theres [this song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGRrOEbY3pI) which I have always really related to when it pertains to life as human beings and our society. Always loved the lines at 2:54 from both sides of that fence. 

As a bonus [Fi-Si](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2Y7Iz-ePOg) say hello. I love everything about this [music video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nW-IPrzM1g), the message, the ample symbolism, the energy of it... just all of it. The majority of my house are perceivers. We aren't really tight-knit nor are we really dysfunctional so I don't rightly know how to describe it. Maybe like an ever shifting group of cliques.

Father - ISFP

Mother - ISFJ

Me - INFP

Sister - INTP

Brother - ISFP

Sister - ESFP? (could also be ENFP)

I often clashed with my father throughout my life. He wanted things done his way when, where, and how and always wanted to exude control which I systematically rejected for the most part. I always wanted to do things my way regardless of what the rules were but I always gave in the end as hes my father. Same would go for my brother and I... Fi doms just don't work that well together in a family it would seem in terms of 'control'. None of the four of us really got along growing up but it's gotten better. Both of my sisters cannot stand each other and I could get along fairly well with my brother and then the INTP sister later in life. Being the oldest though I was always left alone which I liked and if any of them tried to step on me.... whew boy lol.&gt; Some INTPs tend to... Get really focused on pointing out flaws in logic where they miss the forest for the trees. Variance in personal development, I s'pose.

Seems to be true from my perspective. As far as I know I only know one INTP, my sister, and the way she acts when shes on the defensive is very much like you described. Often gets into it with my mother and she just tries to rip apart her logic and fails to see the more Fe style bigger picture. I'll talk with both of them about it sometimes and it bugs me that neither give any leeway to each others side. One of my friends who I think is an ENTP, as he reeks of Ne, does not like debating at all anymore. Hes used to be a bit more confrontational and 'trolly' but that has kinda disappeared so I guess thats Fe developing. Ohh but ENTPs can be fun when they become edgy. The scattered nature of dom Ne tends to pull mine out from under the iron shackles of Fi and things become fun. Also, I'm questioning my type as well and it seems to be that higher Ne users seems to have a harder time with typing due to Ne being able to apply so many points of view with Si so think that over. 

But I totally see your point about the bigger issues at stake in arguments. From my point of view Fi-Ne arguing with Ti-Ne does not flow... like at all. We both end up missing the bigger picture in favor of our applied possible interpretation of a situation and it doesn't end well when the inferiors come out lol We just argue our points of view and it went absolutely nowhere.&gt; But only under the conditional that I'm using Ne to see these perspectives at all and I'm not actually that type. DAMN IT. 

*shivers* I know that point of view all too well and I *hate* it. I want to kill it with fire lol Watch it burn and then rejoice in my triumphant victory.

Best advice I can give you is this - when an Fi dom gets going and you see that passion thrown into their point of view, just back out and come back later. You push it and you'll see that inferior demon come out and it's a vicious little cuss. Fi is a super heavy function and seems to hold true even in the inferior slot. It makes you intensely opinionated and stubborn at times as well as really empathetic although not so much when inferior. People think xNJs are really stubborn... just get past the initial quiet nature of dom Fi and you'll my point loud and clear. Now that, that sounds like an open-minded point of view backed up with some Ti rational for what it's worth. Sprinkle a little Fe on top and send inf Si down the river and you've got yourself a winner. You know when you think about it we all are really nothing more than a never ending recipe. The finished product is never achieved and then we die... now I'm sad. I better go find that cake and hope it's salvageable. He who is without sin ;)Bar on the right side - "Show my flair on this subreddit. It looks like:" - click edit and select type. On the main page you'll see "submit link" at the top of the area on the right. Once it's loaded you'll see two options - Link and Text. Link is for posts that upon clicking will take you directly to the linked site. The text option is for creating a normal text post. &gt; I need to learn how to become an asshole soon

Umm... why would you want that? 

There isn't an asshole type, there are asshole people. Life forms assholes, not type. Whats wrong with getting rick rolled? It's a snazzy song. Did somebody give you up or let you down? :(I don't think being an asshole really fits into being a complete person, it kind of detracts from it. Theres a difference between being assertive and being an asshole. I'm trying to understand why someone would want to be an asshole. It's not fun and it's likely to make you look and feel bad. Unless you're trying to like impress someone or prove a point or something. Even still, don't think it's worth it but it's your life I guess. The quickest way to being an asshole is to simply disregard the feelings, opinions, and points of view of those around you while being mean/rude about it.They probably made 'em cry or said goodbye on top of that. :( Ohh one more thing I forgot that could be important. Half the time I tend to see possibilities in things I observe, Like I'll read into what isn't there but at the same time I'll also take things at face value or feel unable to think about what might be. This tends to happen when I'm preoccupied however. It's not constant either way. This is what bothers me. It almost seems like lower Ni can be similar to higher Ne in some ways. Or at least thats the impression I got from a few ISFPs on their sub. I have some form of understanding of most of the functions. I feel I have a decent grasp of Fi, Te, Ti, Ne, and Si. Ni I still can't seem to properly grasp as it's descriptions are just all over the place. I left Fe and Se out as I feel I only have a surface level understanding of them so I can't make proper judgements. 

I have used that test before and I just used it again now and top suggested was INFP. I have no doubt in Fi dominance in my case as I have stated. 

Now with regard to Si this attention to past details was not always with me, the drive to stick to familiarity always has been but not recalled details/sensations. I also noticed that over the last few years I've began to be able to recall sensations. Like if I look up at a really tall building I get the feeling I got upon looking down from the Skydeck of the Sears... ohh wait... *Willis* Tower. Or if I watch something going at a high rate of speed from a 1st person perspective I recall what it felt like while being on a roller coaster. Also while reading from the linked book chapter [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/56b0lt/the_tortured_child_dilemma/) I noticed I was recalling the smell of aged paper like you'd smell from old books. I know this is Si but this never used to happen or I never paid any attention to it. I have considered ISFJ before but I don't use Fe, nor do I have the characteristics of inferior Ne. I'm fairly certain my mother is an ISFJ as she seems to have loads of Fe in her as well as the tell-tail inf Ne trait of catastrophizing with stress.I wouldn't be surprised either way as the two types don't appear all that dissimilar, especially when healthy or unhealthy. The whole point about N types being naturally gifted at academics does make sense in a way but at the same time also seems quite biased. To just assume that all N types are natural scholars is no different than assuming all S types are natural born athletes.  You forget that type does not dictate the person, life experience and choices does that. No, no I wouldn't but I'm having a hard time putting my reasoning into words and it's all likely to sound spiritual but I'll give it a go. To artificially decided to alter the course of our existence in itself, even at the cost of one small life in the grand scheme of it all, seems very flawed to me. Would the shift in purpose ultimately be worth it? Kill one child, spare the rest from pain and suffering for all time or spare the child and allow us all to experience the valuable lessons through the pain in which we all share? The very concept of suffering is a necessary evil to create balance and without that balance there is no point to being alive. The chaotic dance between what we perceive as good and evil is what gives it all purpose, it's what makes being alive special. If there were only good and harmony in the world then everything we do and experience loses all potency. To live without the dark side of life would mean all pleasures such as love, happiness, wonder, and excitement would become no different than breathing or blinking. Life would be stale in every way... hell, I even hesitate to consider that life at all. 

'Simply' put - to be Human is to be flawed. To be flawed is to live in a flawed world. To be flawed in a flawed world is to dream of living in a flawless world. To live in a flawless world is to be flawed in itself. To be flawed in a flawless world is to not exist. So to be flawed is to actually be flawless... in a way... so to speak. I think that makes sense?Rare =/= special just as common =/= average. To say that everyone of one group is 'gifted' because a few randomly selected from said group happen to be 'gifted' is flawed. Not to mention that there is no 100% guarantee that all these N type people were actually N types because like you said yourself, there are alot of mistyped sensors. I also wouldn't even be remotely surprised to hear that there are alot of mistyped intuitive either. Life-style choices that are forced upon people or actively chosen could cause an N type to favor more stereotypical S type activities. This person seems to think all sensors are neanderthals who squeaked by the evolutionary bar while intuitives are the children of gods. This where the whole "life isn't fair" argument comes into play. I know how heartless that phrase sounds in the company of the suffering and the dying and the very concept of this has choked me up on several occasions but I find myself looking for the better purpose in it all - and this is what I personally feel that reason is.

People rejoice and suffer for the simple purpose of deriving lessons from, or providing lessons to the collective. We are all walking paradoxes in that we are ourselves and each other at the same time, that is the price of life. When one falls ill to.. lets use your example in lung cancer, the suffering this individual undergoes serves as a valuable lesson to the collective although unfair to the individual. That individual may very well fall but in turn the act of falling will raise the collective who will then steadfast support those individuals whom are about to fall. When the collective falls, individuals rise up and form a new collective so the process may continue. This is the pattern of life, a delicate balance that cannot be disturbed. Allow me to use the Holocaust as a prime example of this. All of those people that where murdered, died for a purposeful reason. That same reason was of no use to them at the time so it would seem like needless suffering as where in fact, it wasn't. They underwent those atrocities so that we all may learn from it, so that it would (hopefully) not be repeated again. It's all just a cycle of personal-collective growth, and it is slow and painful but without it there would be no point to being alive. We will continue to suffer by ourselves and together at the same time so we can continue to grow and reach whatever comes next. The sense of self, strong opinions, and being driven by subjective values. All of these things are both positive and negative however but it's still great. I can look back on decisions I made for better or worse but I always know that one way or another I thought it was the right choice for myself. I regret very little because of this but it doesn't mean I don't care about crummy choices I've made, I just accept them as an extension of myself and move to work past them. It can also be a helluva burden when you go around questioning every little decision to make sure you're ok with it and this can cause you to miss out on things... fuckin inferior Te not being strong enough. 

The problem with the negativity surrounding Fi is lack of understanding in that people tie emotions directly to them when in reality it exists separately from them. We all have problems regardless of type, anyone can be depressed or anxious or have some disorder but the people who seem to sing loudest about them are Fi dom due to the strong sense of self. Truth is that any judging function can be directly effected by emotions but none of them are tied to it.I don't think Daryl is an ISTP, I would have to agree with those who type him ESTP. Michonne is much more fitting of ISTP than Daryl.What will you be tomorrow? Maybe we can place bets or something. Usually one of three ways.

1) I become judgmental and short with people/things.

2) I become very harsh on myself.

3) Kaboom.Look at the functions please. Fi-Te(ENFP) is going to act differently than Ti-Fe(ENTP). There are people out there whom do not know themselves very well, whom are not opinionated, and whom do not live by subjective moral values. So I think I should be asking you if you *human.* Sense of self isn't quite the same to a non Fi person. Everyone does have a sense of self but it isn't as important to others as it is to an Fi user. The opinions point is different and I probably should have used more specific terms. Either way Fi is all about "how do I feel about this" which leads to strong opinions, so does Te but they will be different in nature. Many people do live subjective values, but not all. The ones who do either follow moral or logical values depending on the function preference. I didn't say logical values weren't subjective, that in itself is entirely what Ti is about. 

Sense of self is inherently different to each person but those whom have Fi within the first two slots are likely to have a stronger pull to that sense. Less so if its tertiary and if it's inferior it typically doesn't matter unless it's focused upon. 

General observations of other types, more so those with higher Fe and Ne. Obviously won't always be the case but it seems to be true to some extent.My condolences. Those times are the worst.A person. lolLadies and Gentleman of the Jury, exhibit A - here we see proof that online MBTI or Cognitive Function tests are inaccurate. I know, I know... shocking but what did you expect? 

...but... on the other hand what if the tests really do know us better than we know ourselves? ...ohh christ... Bob from the park who sits in trees barking at pinecones was right all along! The machines are taking over! Quick! Everyone run for your lives! Hide your kids and hide your wives! We must take up arms against our oppressors and claim victory for mankind! Its off to war for us an.... wait... is that an automated latte machine that also massages you AND does your taxes? Well fuck me side-ways, I'll embrace my machine overlords with open arms. 

The point being that these tests aren't always accurate or perhaps maybe you do favor Ni over Te. Thats for you to find out. Nope, just came to me upon reading your post so I went with it.I don't see any Ti in these examples but I see plenty of Te. I'm thinking xSTJ could be possible judging off these points. 

I'll go through each point with my functional interpretation.

&gt; He seems to struggle a lot in understanding people's behavior and their motivation; easily frustrated/angered by people who cut him off in the road or commit general human errors/shitty things.

Low Fi, most likely inferior focused through that Te 'aggression' 

&gt; He seems to communicate in a very articulate way, never just saying things randomly. He also struggles understanding people if they don't communicate in a very thorough language ie: This is A. I mean A. Maybe my style of communication just isn't as compatible with his, but this makes me suspect he probably has Ni over Ne.

Hello higher bruting Te clashing with higher Fi :)

&gt; Extremely detail oriented. He can focus on one task and dedicate his time to perfect it! 

Seems like Te-Si/Si-Te to me. 

&gt; He is not outgoing but fine socializing. I have told him on many occasions that he is someone quite balanced in masculinity and femininity. He is able to connect well with females in this regard. Yet he is equally capable of spending time by himself. I suspect he gets the extroversion aspect from focusing his energy outside of himself.

Social extroversion is not the same as cognitive extroversion.

&gt; He is somewhat conservative in his values but more open with ideas not connected to people and feelings. 

Si-Ne right there. 

&gt; He has a variety of interests and as such, I'm always finding myself consulting and asking him for help on a variety of subjects. He is quite a hands-on person and is always generous with his time to help others. But he does assign value to knowledge ie: some things don't matter in the end because can't be used.

Te, Si-Ne 

&gt; He is quite good at gift-giving, he puts in the thought. Though, he has said he would still prefer people just tell him what they want and give a "guideline" or "wishlist". 

Te-Fi

&gt; Has moments where he IS being a cheerleader, clapping and cheering people on. But mostly, he is a encouraging person. **But to me, it sometimes comes across as an intense expression if that makes sense LOL.** Like a concentrated dose, since on a normal basis he is not bouncing off the walls and egging people on to do things. It's very laid back.

Bolded part makes me think Te rather than Fe.  

&gt; Goes with the flow type of person. He is rarely directive, unless prompted to share his take on how to get something done or what to do. 

Sounds like Se but can also be Ne. This also makes me want to think this person has a healthier Fi as hes not just asserting himself everywhere. 

&gt; Not as well versed in comforting people, but I can see that his style of empathizing would be to offer solidarity and basically trying to share whatever you are feeling ie: someone did something shitty to you? wow fuck that person! Im angry now too.

Dat low Fi again.


I would side on ESTJ only because there are no tell-tale signs of inf Ne in the post. That doesn't mean that this person does not have inf Ne just because it's not listed here so I left it in the air. Just ignore this person. You didn't ask for opinions on type so don't take it to heart. I can see how that would be difficult when you're constantly questioning yourself but listening to unsolicited bullshit ranting isn't going to do you any favors.https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/57gyh1/how_to_add_type_flair/d8rv2dw

Right there. Fi and Fe can both do the same things, the reasoning behind it is what is important. Fe would do for others for the sake of the others or because it widely socially acceptable, Fi does for others because it is deemed personally right by the individual or perhaps it comes from direct relation through empathy or projection. For what it's worth this statement comes off as Fi to me: 

&gt;  I just want acceptance and if I identify as an Fi type some people tell me I'm Fe and of I go with Fe then others strongly proclaim I'm Fi.

You have made that a value for yourself and likely due to the low self-esteem and your mental issues you're placing more faith in the opinions of others as opposed to your own. It's understandable but even with a disorder, you're still going to know yourself better than anyone else, it'll just be more difficult to lock down.

Theres something you might want to look into when it comes to functions. That is strength vs. preference. Every person uses all 8 of the functions. It's just that naturally 4 of them are repressed so that can make them kind of tiring to use. The other 4 come naturally through instinct. When you find yourself in mentally stable places you might want to observe yourself and see how you react to things around you with the functions in mind. Ignore the functions you use alot of as circumstance and opinion are lens that distorts perception of the past, pay attention to how you act whenever you're in a mentally healthy state.&gt; I do things for others that are just for their own sake as well. It is hard, I have things in my own life that I could judge as Fe but I seem to be more expressive of Fi on the internet and from an outside perspective.

We all do and that was my point. The thing to look out for is which of the two happens naturally. 

&gt; I've always tended towards seeking group consensus even when I'm healthy. I'm not sure what kind of behavior that is.

Could perhaps be Te. When I find that when I'm stuck on something I tend to go to others for opinions and observations. I only say this because Fe looks to the external for forming humanistic/moral choices as where what you're doing here is much more logic based. Assuming my understanding of Te is correct that is.The INFP sub isn't so bad, It's just full of lonely and damaged people. The INFJ sub on the other hand is e-cancer in one of it purest forms. Theres nothing wrong with the people there being lonely or whatever like on INFP but good god the sheer amount of pretentious posts over there... holy shit.Truth hurts. Exactly. I don't wanna dump my own baggage on paper, let alone a subreddit lol However, alot of those people there might not have anyone to confide in I suppose. I can't tell to be honest. Though it seems like you might have a preference for Extroverted Feeling which would come with Introverted Thinking. &gt; There's a second group of TPs who actually put some level of faith in these things. This is the group I don't really understand. I'm probably putting my dominant function on a pedestal, but I don't really intuitively (common-use not [N]) understand how a high-stack Ti user looks into these things and comes up with anything that looks like "yeah, ok, I'm confident in this."

Behold the mighty power of confirmation bias. Ti is not immune to it, especially if it's drawing from an extensive Si databank for supporting details. Introverted thinking by default is paired with Extroverted Feeling, it's a function axis. On the other hand if you use Introverted Feeling then you use Extroverted Thinking. You would have to post more extensive information here for people to get a basic feel for type. Theres a chance that Ne could be implied from this 

&gt;  My impulse was to go ahead and make conversation with her, but I was stopped by my analytical tendencies like imagining myself what the father might think about me approaching his daughter. Will he doubt my motivations and intentions etc. I basically put a road block for myself.

Extroverted Intuition has a tendency to contradict itself with varying possibilities. If you do use Ne then that means you also use Introverted Sensing and it would just come down to which comes first. This would leave ENTP, ISFJ, INTP, and ESFJ.Theres a series of questions people tend to use in typing threads although I'm not sure of the original source of the questions. You'd had to copy them from another post... unless of course they are linked somewhere right in front of me and I some how don't see them which wouldn't surprise me lol Dat Fe though. This only reinforced Fe-Ti axis and maybe a bit more for Ne as I'm not sure if any responses suggest Se, maybe the people reading portion as from what I've heard that seems to be more of a sensor thing but I'm not certain. What I don't see is Si which might rule out the SFJs which would leave you with the NTPs assuming you do prefer Ne over Se. Also, if you prefer Fe over Ti, which honestly seems like the case or it could just be developing depending on age, that would be an argument to bring back the SFJs. Really need to lock down the perception function axis. Give [this](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/132437407687/accurate-typing-distinguishing-extraverts-and) a read and look at both SFJs and NTPs and see if either speaks to you. Remember that when you look through this stuff to not focus on the outcome or behaviors but the motivation behind the action/outcomes. 

It would also be beneficial to look through the links at the bottom of that post - primarily the dominant function, auxiliary function, inferior function (grip), and the dominant-tertiary loop. 
lol trick question Well I'll be 25 next month if that adds to your theory. I don't know the general age around r/INFP so who knows if it is. I have considered putting things down on paper but the idea of putting personal things outside the vault whether it be in written words or some kinda art just feels like I'd be losing a part of myself. I'd rather find some other form or just communicate it directly with others. 

&gt; I'm a bitchy special snowflake, but I just do it in private. :D

A'men. &gt;  I think Ne users may particularly struggle with typing because we so automatically generate alternate explanations. So, we think our type is one way, briefly feel content, and then automatically produce evidence to the contrary.

Concur. I brought up the same point with another ENTP on this sub like a week or so ago. I have issues coming to concrete decisions about myself quite often. One minute I'll behind something and the next I think something different. Of course it could just simply be a coincidence or it could be nothing at all :/ Either way, annoying.&gt; however is only more resent I've become better and using it or become more comfortable using it, and by using it I mean showing personal interest, and in a way be interested in having a conversation the person I'm conversing with would enjoy as well. I'm 24, and it's only recently I've been able to have that attitude.

This could suggest that perhaps Fe is tertiary or maybe even inferior in your case. The tert function is said to begin real development in the early-mid 20's. If you feel you are different from ISFJs but also feel able to really connect with them then you *could* be one of the NTPs as similar functions tend to click (though that won't always be the case). Thats why I linked that material for you to look through. Only you know you and ultimately it's your choice. I'm gonna stick with what I said with suggesting the NTPs as you love to place emphasis on Ti and Fe so they may be on a direct axis in the middle of the stack. SFJs aren't impossible so don't limit yourself and make sure you are being really honest with yourself so you can find your real, true type. I'm more of the mind that it likely has more to do with personal development than age to be perfectly honest, although age likely does play a role. Like I said there seems to be alot of damaged people on that sub and whooole lot of venting as well. I wonder if INFPs who grew up in more accepting home/school/social environments do not feel the need to oust their issues on the web. Sames applies to the INFJs as well in this case.From my point of view I see religion as a means for Humans to discern the physically incomprehensible. I think everyone has a feeling of being connected to something larger than the sum of their parts. Some get way to into it, others accept and explore it, some just feel it but don't explore, others deny it, while others completely fight it in an attempt to rip it to shreds. Either way it's simply an improvised, yet structured system built from the need to understand a collective gut feeling but at the same time it's not enough as it fails to capture the true essence of that feeling. In other words, failing at "getting it right".I wasn't trying to belittle your comment or anything like that, the age/generation point is perfectly valid, I just don't think it's everything. I agree whole-heatedly about the social media age. In an age where we are all so connected we are also so alone. We all get unprecedented insights into the personal lives of those around us but at the same time all we're really absorbing is words and phrases and the real connection there is lost for alot of people. It's a double-edged sword disguised as a magic wand. Fi is subjectively valued humanistic ethics. Fi does not necessarily make you an obnoxious hipster, nor does it make you super emotional. Fi can come to appreciate and follow the status quo if value is found in it and this would likely be caused by Te.Ahh, I see. I just get a bit touchy when people throw around Fi stereotypes. No, they're Christmas Trees. Fairly well. I welcome the positive but I try and fight the negative. I tend to get mad at myself if I allow myself to wallow in any bad nostalgia. I can't stop it from coming up as alot of things could connect me to it but I fight it when it does. Sometimes I allow it because oddly enough I enjoy it at times... I don't know why. I didn't know that, it was just a guess. Thanks for clearing that up. [Excuses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AERwgNvgMmc) 

"Well then why don't you post a picture?"

Ohh hey look at that! Whats that thing over there? I'll be *right back*. I do it sometimes and I'm and Fi dom. I never do it when I smile though but I do sometimes upon laughing and even then I only do it if I think the action of laughing is on morally shaky ground. I look at this like a little kid finding the parents gun and then running around with it. Technology is nice and all but once we start breaking these boundaries that we are currently pushing... shits gonna change and like /u/tk4442 it worries me. We're still children despite our technologically advanced self-perception and we need to mature as a species before we can start to get into all the good stuff. Besides, It would be so much better if this ability to 'will' things into existence was a natural ability rather than some boring, impersonal technical process. Hopefully by the time this is possible, assuming its possible that is, we would have mentally matured as a civilization to a point where we can responsibly utilize such creative power for actual collective good. Just based on these alone I want to say ESFP could be likely. It seems like you value extroverted thinking over introverted intuition. Boat-loads of Se here and some Fi values that only seem to be used as supportive tool rather than a guiding light. 

Take all of this with a grain of salt, though. Only you can figure out what your type is, not some strangers on the internet but it can be helpful. &gt; However I'm not that physical. I had to study body language in order to have better posture. Same with style. 

Se is about taking in data from your environment/current situation, not about direct action with it though that is usually a behavioral byproduct. The functions are about the in-take and processing of information and not directly about out-put and action. All any behavioral observations do is suggest that certain actions may be linked to cognitive process but in reality anyone can act any way regardless of type. You have to pay attention to how you react to new info and the reasoning behind it. 

If you are an ISTP then you're internally guided by your own logical principles (Ti) that you imprint on the world around you. Think of it like a logical heads up display I guess. These logical principles are formed through the use of extroverted sensing which takes in data from your environment to feed your dominant function and Ni is a tool for Se that will fill in the blanks that it misses. 

Chances are that you are not aware of your top two functions prior to research into MBTI as they are just your default means of perception. Your 3rd and 4th functions tend to be seen as something special or negative. Once you understand the functions and how they work you can begin to spot them in your daily life and you'll be able see which is more prominent. You also need to understand that you are going to see all 8 of them and this is normal. We all use every function but we default to 4 of them by nature and even then 2 of those will be used most of all. However, if you're not careful you could end up mistyping yourself if you allow biases/stereotypes/generalizations to enter into the equation or perhaps you're in your early to mid twenties in which case you need to keep an eye out for the tertiary function as it will be developing. An ISTP developing tert Ni could very well believe themselves to be an INTP due to the power of tert Ni upon development. No it's not. We have one set cognitive type that we seem to be born with and tests are not the way to figure it out. You can use other functions that are not in your naturally preferred stack but it does not change your core type. If you want to figure out your type with any kind of real accuracy then you're left with two options

1) Go to a certified professional MBTI practitioner. They will help narrow it down and remove personal biases if you can't be bothered to do so yourself.

2) Do your own research on the theory, learn about the functions and how they work and then self-analyze. This can take a while and can be quite frustrating to be honest but it is worth it as you'll likely learn a bit about how other people work as well. 

Tests should only been seen as a jumping off point and never, ever as a final means to determine type. If you used the 16Personalities site then please do yourself a favor and use the Key2Cognition test instead before you do any research so you don't form any biases to certain functions. This is likely to give you a more accurate starting point and will give you three possible types based on your answers. I don't want people pestering me even if they have good intentions. Just leave me alone so I can get over it. Autumn and winter pretty equally. Nice and cold, great atmosphere and festivities, and comfortable clothing. I wish summer would go away and never come back. My brother and one of my sisters are twins. My brother seems to be ISFP and from what I can gather I think ESFP fits my sister. No, not at all. The vast majority of online descriptions of any type are awful. Theres little flecks of truth in each but as a whole most just down right blow. I know three others and all of them are different from each other and myself. Some traits are shared and others aren't like for example my brother is really very quiet around people as where another and myself are more active if engaged with. One has strong aesthetic preferences and I do as well while the other two not so much. None of us are fucking artists which internet descriptions would have you believe we all are... but we are all kind of odd and idiosyncratic and because of this I've been called an enigma before lol. One thing I noticed that reins true for all of us is that it takes quite a bit to get us interested in something but when an interest is found we tend to stick to it for a hefty period of time and thats due to Ni I think. Another thing I have noticed is some form of anger issue in that either we're really quick to it or bottle it up to an unhealthy amount. From an outside perspective we might seem dismissive, cold, rude or even boring but once mutual interest is found and trust forms you come to find that it's quiet the opposite. But...but... this is the internet and no one lies or exaggerates so it must be true!

ISxJ only preform their duties and are non-existent in every other form of life, INxJ all walk on water and can do no wrong, ExTJs are the overlords of the world, IxFPs are all frail and emotional artists, IxTPs have no emotion whatsoever and hate everything, and ExTPs are all off the walls batshit crazy. You must know a lot of really lame Se users if those are your examples. Yea, that I can get behind this as a general synopsis. The way you describe Fi-Ni is eerily accurate - the driving force that you can't really explain yet is always there. 

&gt; while still being inherently yours in every sense, it means something specific to you, but others it could be something completely different which you don't give a shit about :3

I like this. I'm aware lol I was just adding off of what moonphoenix said. I'm not going to bother getting into this with you because it'll just turn into an opinionated shit-show argument. I think type descriptions online suck, you seem to disagree with at least your types descriptions. So be it. Basically through process of elimination with the functions.

I've come to realize it actually isn't that difficult to figure out once you allow yourself to see through bias. When I first got into this I tested as INFP and then later INFJ and very briefly considered ISFJ although that felt super wrong and went back to INFJ. Later went back to INFP after realizing how often and naturally Fi comes to me and how powerful its pull is. Then there was the matter of how damn awkward and exposed I feel when using Fe... like seriously, I feel like I might as well shoot myself in the foot in those situations lol I use Ti more (albeit weakly) than Te but when it comes down to natural pull Te will take precedence. Later after that I realized that even though I use the Ne-Si axis quite often it's not my natural preference, Se-Ni is, and Ne fails to show any signs of existence under pressure but Si comes to me so naturally pretty much all the time as it's the opposite orientation of my aux. After all the time I spent looking through information on all this it was simply a matter of putting 2 and 2 together and accepting the reality that ISFP is correct despite the negative stigma around the type and my dislike of Se. It also bothers me personally that I share a type with my father and brother which makes me feel less 'unique'... holy fuck I hate how that sounds but I am quite different from them. It just comes down to accepting the fact that you use all function axis every day and then feeling out which comes by default *buuut* there could be a bias blocking that for whatever reason thus causing headache. If you feel a pull in the back of your mind against your typing theres very likely a reason for that and you should allow yourself to explore it honestly rather than stubbornly ignoring it. You are who you are regardless.. I mean sifting thorough type doesn't change who you were or who you are but it can effect who you might be so take that in mind as you don't want to go around with some heavy false mask on all the time dragging your persona down. When I say 'you' here I mean it as a general term, not you-you OP although I can't help but feel this thread has an ulterior motive or so use of Ni would have me believe.

When it comes to online MBTI culture there is one thing to realize and it is that everyone is a special snowflake N until they're not. Sorry for the wall'o text... I like to ramble sometimes.With these criteria? No, no I would not bother to ask a question. The burden of knowledge that I cannot share would be too great to bare. I'd rather call the being a prick for his constraints and go brood about it. Here, take this 10 million dollars all for yourself... ohh but you can't spend a single penny of it ever. Welp, have a good life, sport *clicks tongue and throws a finger pistol up and then walks away.

Edit: This question reminds me of [Q](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypInFIUNYD0) from Star Trek TNG. It happens to everyone as we all use Si but people who use it naturally are more likely to be hit by these moments I would imagine. I get them but not all the time and I can dismiss them very easily. Well at least you've got your enneagram sorted so take some solace in that. I can't seem to figure mine out as I feel both 4 and 6 strongly as well as 1 and 5 to a lesser degree. I need to do more research but can't be bothered right now lol Hopefully you can get your cognitive type sorted as being uncertain of oneself is awful. On the bright side at least it isn't a hideously bright color like the xxFJ tags. Do not under any circumstances take the tests as gospel. Study and understand the theory and figure yourself out. The less misstypes thanks to tests, the better. I think it's kinda cool that mine is somewhat similar to what u/jung05 described about making judgments on pretty much anything in front of me when I'm in a relaxed state. For me though it's more geared towards Ni than Se as I have always defaulted to my own abstractions about what is going on and then just going where ever the rabbit hole takes me. I enjoy just going somewhere where I can have privacy and just observe whats going on and thinking about it and what it could imply. I also tend to comes up with little future snippits of possibilities that I really like but have no general plan to achieve. They are simply just things I would like to do should the opportunity arise at some point. Always kind of thought of them as balloons just floating there and should lifes path take me to any of them that I could grab the string and try to make em happen. I have to be careful though because there are times where I feel I jump to conclusions in the moment because it feels right without thinking ahead of the consequences. I always make better decisions when I can just sorta sit on them without really thinking about em and then later I'll just know what I think is the right thing to do. Overall my internal world is pretty consistent but it can also be pretty contradictory across time as my opinions and values of things are always changing as things around me change.I've never seen Se described as a future facing function and it doesn't make much sense to me. I don't think Ne is a future facing function either to be honest. Both Pe functions are present functions as where both Pi functions would concerned with the past and future. I've heard Pe functions described as "space" as in they are concerned with what is and what can come of it as where Pi functions were described as "time" as they want to create and maintain a consistent experience at all times, even into the future. From my view point Ne would look to the environment and see what can be done with it or what it can relate it to right now. Se looks at the environment and sees what it is and what experiences it could hold, again, still present oriented. Its two different forms of 'in the now' novelty. 

Now, as an Ne dom you might look to your surroundings, see possibilities, and then spread them out through time in a hypothetical manner. The latter end of that is not Ne, it's Ni looking to create a consistent abstract understanding. You are not confined to 4 functions, no one is and with Ni being the opposite orientation of dominate you can use it very, very easily but it will be subservient to Ne and will thus work differently than an Ni dom. Whenever you find yourself looking to the future with possibilities you are engaging Ni, not Ne. You will use Ni to form a more natural state of consistency as opposed to Si despite the fact that Si is preferred. It simply comes down to the fact that while Si is preferred, Ni is stronger.

I heard that analogy in a video a while ago, not from some article or book, sorry. It just made alot of sense to me so I adopted it to my own personal understanding as it does coincided with other bits of info I've learned in the past.Ok, I'm gonna agree with ISFP being likely here. Fi and Se seem to be natural responses to things in your life. There is also some pretty decent indications of an Si-Ne axis here (waaay more Si than Ne) BUT these are joined with trigger words that indicate it's not natural preference but used because it is deemed necessary, probably because of your anxiety. The loose future focus and attraction to the paranormal and seeing others as sheep kinda says tert Ni perception to me. It's all focused on for novelty because you enjoy it, Fi-Ni. If it were higher than there would this insatiable drive to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt the legitimacy of the insights. Whatever Te you show is covered by it's Fi opposite. 

Also, Fi can look like Ti to ones self if they fail to realize what is being rationalized is shrouded in subjective value rather than rational logic, disconnected from personal value. Even in your Ti description you included Fi values and an outburst at the end lol If Si really is natural for you in that it just happens regardless of any kind of cognitive process, like the dominant or aux function would act, then all of this could maybe point to you being a looping ISTJ. It kind of seems like you have this drive to push yourself to being more of a T type despite Fi oozing from everything here. Also there could be arguments for inferior Ne in this post but anxiety would make that difficult to prove. 

Personally I also value Si but not to this level but I also don't have anxiety issues. Si in an ISxP would be the 6th function, or the most power unvalued function. Either way one could look at the 6th function as being active in the middle of your normal stack, slightly less valued than the aux but more valued than the tert. You have to ask yourself what happens naturally, the pull to pay attention to whats going on around you and how it could affect you, or the desire to compare things to how they were before in the name of sensual consistency. Only you can figure your type out, not some stranger on the internet but outside opinions can be helpful. If you really do value Si then allow yourself to explore the the Si dom/aux types. 

One piece of anecdotal evidence I'll include here in regards to the dislike of Fe is that for me personally I also dislike Fe. It's opposite of my dominant function and would have me extrovert what I want to keep inside. I can use it very easily but it'll make me feel awkward and exposed and fake. All Fi is about is forming subjective humanistic values, thats it, nothing more, nothing less. If you deem it acceptable to share inner values and emotions then thats what you're gonna do. Fe is about forming humanistic values in a objective sense without the self coming into it as much as it would with Fi. If a group of people you just joined share common values then a high Fe user be likely to adopt the same values to main external harmonious consistency without really considering the implications on the self.Fi would be tert in her stack if she really is an INTJ. The tert is nothing more than a tool to support the dom-aux functions. She would value abstract perceptions and external logical systems way more than internal values. The values would only be there in certain situations that call for them otherwise they would be ignored.

Fi =/= emotions as explained before in this thread. Emotions are a complex human mental facet that can be tired to literally any cognitive process. If you are experiencing complex and strong emotions that you feel you need to get out to either explain or vindicate then thats just apart of who you are and not your type. Fi and Fe are what I explained them to be in a basic sense, neither are directly tied to emotions. If you naturally build your values internally - Fi. If you naturally form your values based on external standards - Fe.Ok, a better example just came to me in terms of Fi/Fe and emotions.

An Fi user would share emotional states if they value the idea of doing so. The Fi user might think that doing so will help them achieve more internal consistency. 

An Fe user would share emotional states because doing so could help others around them and create more external consistency. 

Which one fits the buck better? I love that fucker lol I tend to pay a bit more attention to the lyrics. If I can get a good quality headset with which to listen to the music then I'll pay more attention to the instruments as they come out more defined. Generally speaking I have to like all of the facets of a song or it gets rejected. Seems like Se-Ni preference to me.I get this too. If I can't hear myself speak when speaking out loud I might as well just be reciting gibberish as far as I'm concerned. I also prefer to think out loud rather than keeping it internal as it's easier to organize everything. I don't know if pinning this to a function is stretching it or not but I have thought about this myself. In my mind I could see rationalization for it being tied to Se or Te or maybe both and I don't know how Ti-Se might work under similar circumstances so i can't speak to that. I honestly want to say more Se than Te as this deals with a form of perception rather than judgment. You can't process what you're saying in a rational way if you can't perceive it to begin with and just the whole vocal nature of this issue really strikes me as more Se perception. Sorry about the late reply. It's similar to what you experience with Si in that it has no real practical use but I do think these abstractions have a purpose and in the moment they make sense - kinda like shower thoughts. To me what I perceive through Ni is very much like assigning personal understanding to whatever I'm looking at without ever having to explain it because whenever I do I'll just get weird looks or responses so it's basically all just for novelty. For example when I stop and just look around at everything we have built on this planet I can see everything for what it is and why it's there but then I'll start to form like this symbolic web of understanding for it, like it's another invisible layer of reality built into it. It's like the real nature of whats there just mentally falls away to this metaphoric understanding. I can see buildings, rail ways, streets, cars, planes, etc. but beyond that it could be seen as a parasite feeding off a larger organism to survive. This leach spends enough time attached and it might think it's really accomplished something but in the end it'll just be shaken off and it's self-perception crumbles. Whenever it does get shaken off it'll just come back again but this time with more of it's buddies and take even more from the host to advance their own interests. Essentially just looking at infrastructure turns into a realization of the struggle of life as we know it and while that might seem like a stretch, it makes perfect sense right then and there.

I imagine the concept is the same for INFPs except that rather than it being this metaphysical symbolic overlay, it's a more physically symbolic overlay. The INFP would think "This thing is like these things from that time in my life so the thing in question means X to me." as opposed to ISFP who would think "These things are like this idea thus those things means X to me." 

Ohh more thing to edit in. It'll also just sorta pop up outta nowhere at times and suddenly I'll think this is gonna happen, just you wait. Alot of he time it does end up occurring in one way or another. It's like those flashes of insight Ni doms might get but it happens alot less and is much more immediate and vague rather than being as far reaching or distinct. I also believe it be alot easier for ISxPs to explain any flashes of insight on the spot due to the preference of Se (and to a looser extent, Si) over Ni.&gt; I seem to use a lot of Se but at the same time, I like to go in my head from time to time and process things. This makes me worry that I am mistyped. 

Retreating internally to process doesn't say much other than the fact that you're engaging an introverted process. You have to specify what you are processing internally. 

&gt; Some things connect to past memories, though. A song can remind me of something that happened before, for example. I'll listen to songs &amp; watch movies I really love on repeat.

The former portion of that is the Ne-Si axis - perceiving something externally and relating it to subjective past experiences. This is something we all do but then again we all use the Ne-Si axis. You cannot have a functional person without the use of all 8 functions. The question that you should ask yourself is why you're listening to something on repeat. Maybe because it is from your past and you hold it to be comfortable and familiar (Si) or simply because you really aesthetically enjoy the song (Se). You'll do both so figuring out the why is more important as end result actions aren't a great way to figure out the process of cognition. Once you start to see the why it becomes easier to realize what axis you naturally prefer. I personally enjoy music because of it's aesthetic value (Se) and finding subjective meaning in it all (Ni). I'll use the opposite axis with media as well but it's not my go-to process. I'll edit in an example of Ne-Si use with music for clarity. During the holidays I really do enjoy listening to holiday music but not because I outright enjoy the songs, but because listening to them holds to a subjective sensual meaning for me from my childhood. 

&gt; An example of that last one: new boyfriend ignoring me ----&gt; he's pulling the same shit as my ex before my ex broke up with me ----&gt; he will do that same as my ex; my perception was entirely wrong and I misjudged the whole thing. I didn't even trust this perception too much but it still upset me enough that I considered breaking up with him and sparing myself the heartache (I didn't, though).

To me this seems like this process could go either way in terms of an Fi-Pi loop. It strikes me more as an Fi-Si loop due to the value being based on past experience rather than some baseless cockamamie imaginary perspective that you believe in like you'd get an Fi-Ni loop. The key thing to pull out of this in my opinion is - "I didn't even trust this perception too much" which makes me think there is a chance it is not your preferred use of cognition. Loops are a process in which a person gets stuck in a cognitive tunnel, the end of which they cannot see, without the use of an opposite orientation process. People tend also tend to lack awareness of the loop when they are stuck in it, only their own faulty point of view generated by the loop. You say that you didn't trust this perception which to me seems it could imply one of two things - that either you don't trust this because it's not natural to you and is a manifestation of an insecurity or perhaps you realized the nature of the loop in the past and are now able to see yourself entering them. 

&gt; Despite these things, I don't think much of the past at all. I remember it objectively and not really from the subjective point of view that Si seems to have. I prefer to live in the moment. I take notice of environmental details and think of the future (though, future thinking is sometimes difficult, along with planning). I don't come up with several possibilities, I prefer to focus on one possibility over the others. Even though I don't understand Ne/Si, I cannot really relate to it at all as much as I relate to Se/Ni.

This cut n' dry sounds like the straightforward nature of the Se-Ni axis with Se preferred over Ni. 

From this I get the impression that you're aware on some level that you prefer the Se-Ni axis so ISFP might be a type you should consider exploring. Perhaps you are an INFP but have a bias against Ne-Si and see Se-Ni as more preferable due to whatever life circumstance. The key thing to pull out of these ramblings is look at the why, not the end result to determine process. 

Take all of this with a grain of salt please, I'm just some dude on the internet with an opinion and doing your own research and making your own observations is always the better way to go.  How to type super heros 101

1) The person is ISTP

2) On the off chance they aren't an ISTP please check outside to clarify if the world hasn't ended

3) If the world hasn't ended (congratulations) please notify the nearest MBTI professional that the theory must actually be incorrect 

4) Once the theory has been adjusted you may proceed to accurately type the hero as ISTP

Thank you*Captain ISTP*Iron ISTPSuperISTPJust going off this alone I would say ESTJJe = Extraverted judgement 

Ji = Introverted judgement 

Pe = Extraverted perception

Pi = Introverted perceptionI wouldn't exactly pin this on Fi but more on high Fi and Pe, more so with Pe over Fi. I have a feeling this same issue wouldn't exist with lower Fi users. &gt; Whenever he encounters possible dangers, I feel like he's using his intuition to remain in the safe zone.

Except it's not intuition. Rick was a sheriff before the world fell to shit and from what I can tell he seems to be very by the book in his methods. Every choice he makes is built on his experience/moral driven inner code. Shane was an ENTJ by comparison to Rick. Shane understood what needed to be done and took action towards these goals in a very Te-Se heavy manner long before Rick did because Rick was still sticking to his old world methods. Rick is an ISTJ.ISFP

9w8 I'm fairly certain. 7 is possible but really not likely. 

I found MBTI due to my interest in vidya games. I found this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoinS21NcPY) one day and became aware of the theory because of it. 

I believe my father is also an ISFP and my mother is an ISFJ. 

I don't like the idea of a 'best friend' Some of their types I believe to be ExTJ, ENTP, ESFP, ISFP, ESTP, IxxP.

Doesn't matter, depends on the person. If I had to choose I would likely pick an F type. 

I can be quite pushy and seemly cold/selfish at times for an Fi dom. What makes you so certain you're an ISFP? Why not allow yourself to seriously consider one of the IFJ types? I went back and glanced over three of the typing threads and all them were based on traits rather than cognition which leaves a higher chance of the results being faulty. You're adamant about Te-Fi yet some of the stuff you post about (as well as these test results) indicate your real preference may be Fe-Ti while your perception axis seems to be Se-Ni and I don't think I saw any Ne-Si to be honest. The best thing you could do is copy down the questionnaire, fill it out and post it here rather than rely on tests or shoddy trait typing. You should also consider that you may have a bias that you are unaware of as it happens alot with this theory. Hell, I thought I preferred Fe for a while until I realized I was stretching the truth a bit and lying to myself. Seriously, fill out the questionnaire and post it on this sub if you're comfortable with it.Yea I think this only reinforces the Se-Ni axis and I want to say Ni over Se. The judgment axis for me is a little tricky as it seems like theres Ti here but at the same time I wanna say I see some Fi conviction. I wanna say INxJ seems likely, more so leaning on INFJ. Pi functions are concerned with time in general but Si is typically painted as more past oriented as where Ni is more future oriented. Think of it like a spectrum - on one end you've the past and the other, the future and both Pi functions in the middle. They both are very much concerned with both ends but Si has more focus on the concrete past to maintain consistency into the future. Ni has more focus on the future because it is vague and something can be built from it but requires a consistent past backlog to work from. 1) I don't think there are any rock-solid population stats on type. 

2) It is said that theory is more of an N interest so you'll see more of them online as opposed to in the real.

3) Intuition bias creates two separate reasons for this. On one side it brings about alot of mistypes so with this it distorts the actual amount of S types seen online. On the other hand the N bias scares away some S types due to unflattering descriptions and bigotry from immature N types or projection from mistyped sensors against them. 

If the stats are accurate (which I very much doubt) then you'd have an abundance of sensors out in the wild but online it would theoretically be reversed. Nice. I've done some similar stuff in youth and I kinda expect the same from other gammas. [Well then](http://www.24tee.com/image/cache/data/2012/badass/weve-got-a-badass-over-here-tee-shirt-a60-650x650.jpg)You know maybe I'm wrong on this but ehh, fuck it. I think this whole post just confirms the Te-Fi axis. The very nature of Ti is like an internal yet detached rational... ehh, people use the word framework so I'll just role with that, while requiring a more external processing of any moral implications. What you show here is the opposite in that you show your morals to be internally checked but when you come across something that you are unable to adequately internally define you feel the need to check it's rational consistency in an external sense. Shhh you'll crush his INFJ god complex. Yea, I think my wording was awful going back over it. I'm glad you posted this thread though as I've been mulling over the same thing and this has helped me to actually realize what I said. Just out of curiosity, did you have any issues with bringing this up? What I mean is did you feel a stronger compulsion to figure it out for yourself rather than seek external clarification? I wanna see if function positioning could perhaps play a part in this. Fi can hold any value in high regards, even really negative ones, like an Fi dom could be like the worlds biggest bigot. It all stems from personal development and because of this I think it'd be better to bring the Fi doms Enneagram type into account here as it's about nurture, not nature like MBTI type.

&gt; I feel like INFPs/ISFPs are often casted as soft, ineffectual, and unambitious. But they lead with Fi, which is all about strong, internal values.

That would be because of the P at the end. The first function people see is their perception function so an INFPs Ne gives them a flaky feel and the ISFPs Se can get em an ADD-ish feel. As for the 'soft' label it isn't even that we're soft, it's just that what we are 'feeling' about whatever, isn't broadcasted so some think we're pushovers. Nope. Base function preference is your nature, it's how you just are as you're born with it. Enneagram is nurture meaning it forms in early childhood. I'm not sure if the core Enneagram type of a person can change but I think it can shift around. I'm unaware of any research I can link you to but perhaps there is someone here who can, all I can do is offer my viewpoint. I follow the ideal because it makes sense to me and I find it to be true even in the observation of others over a larger time scale. The way I see it what does occur is what I call focusing but I have also seen it referred to as flexing. I look at a individuals dominant as an everlasting light bulb and the other 7 processes are just pieces of tinted glass, which fade in color as you go down the line, that focus the light in different ways and that no matter which piece is being utilized, the light of the dominant remains consistent. You naturally seem to just use 4 of them and even still 2 seem to primarily just happen as where the other two are more engaged but still feel natural. The other 4 are either unpleasant to use or you just don't notice them when they do show due to lack of preference. This focusing that people do can be misconstrued as type shifting, especially if people are forced by circumstance to use other functions, as type changing as a whole. If you gain a solid enough understanding of the functions and really look at yourself you'll find the dominant has it's light in literally everything, even it's axis partner and opposite orientation function. Once you see this it becomes kind of hard to deny that core type is locked in and always will be. People will mature and their attitudes will change and this will alter the way the light shows but it does not change the light itself. I can try and grow my use of Je but it will always have the Fi backdrop in my mind no matter what I do and I see this in people I have known for years. A friend of mine whom I believe to be a Te dom has been utilizing his feeling processes more as of late but it still has that objective Te feel to it. So all of this tells me that the idea that core type is rock solid, just makes sense. When it comes to a theory like this that is subjective in it's entirety, then it's observations of what appears the most consistent that is all we have to go on until we advance to a point where processes of the mind can be objectively observed and proven. &gt; Get mean. This is Reddit, if no one is offended, ya'll aren't trying hard enough.

[YUS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6W07hmCGV0)

ISFJs you need to stfu about the weather you whiny cunts. Yes, it's cold, I can feel it too but that doesn't mean I care and it doesn't mean you should just keep going on about it like I'm going to have some grand epiphany and set out on a quest to change the climate to something you deem comfortable. Please, stop it.&gt; ISFP - inconsistent, can't keep staying in touch

This is actually really true lol It probably sounds like we have an issue with you but thats not the case, we just don't want to be around you right now. Gotta keep things shifting and fresh to some extent but a boomerang will always come back. I got downvoted originally by some butthurt person so thats how I know I did an adequate job at following the instructions. &gt; but I realised it didn't make much sense to me to not believe in the possibility of there being a god or a higher being or something like that.

A'men. Also agnostic. Lack of belief in possibilities based purely on lack of scientific proof will only hold us back. We're only human after all and we think we know sooo much lol Maybe not but it is the focused and consistent perceptive counter to the otherwise scattered Ne. You might take it for granted as it's not inferior like with ENxPs.Judgment is only half the issue though. Your point does stand in that they have high 'efficient' judgment functions paired directly with Si as the key to their focus but in the case of an ENxP they do not. Their driving force is a novelty focused process which ties strait into both judgment processes while lacking the grounding effect of Si. Seeking advice from those whom have Si as their driving process could provide some valuable epiphany that the ENxP might have otherwise not realized themselves. Ni is not a novelty function, Se is, Ni is focused. INxJs need to learn to lighten up and be more relaxed by comparison to an ENxP. Same general issue, different specifics. I don't think Si is the duty function but I never did specify that. I'm referring to it being utilized to counteract it's axis partner and create more consistency, to perhaps draw more focus. Same way I look at Ni extrapolating from Se to find consistent patterns to draw from in a way create more stability. I understand that making decisions to be more productive would fall to a judgement function, I mean I did say he was right, but judgment is only half the equation. Focusing more on past events could allow for more controlled judgments when it comes to being more productive as opposed to the judgment being drawn directly from the more scattered nature of Ne. Yeah, novelty perhaps wasn't the best word to use but it's all that came to mind at the time. Just judging off of what you said I think you got my point. I don't think Ne is awful for basing judgments off of, god no, no function is awful. I'm saying the lower functions are really very important in decision making because like you said we so naturally rely on the dom/aux that we can become blind to their shortcomings. This is where the other come into play in rounding out the edges so Si for an ENxP would be so very crucial. No, just communications breakdown. I was speaking in a more broad perspective so as to relate to all types rather than just inf Si. My point was that Si is crucial to rounding out judgment for an ENxP rather than Ne being the only perception process being relied upon. I think you took this as me dumping on Ne and used an example to prove a point of merit for it to which I responded saying that Ne is good to rely upon for an ESxJ because it rounds out the edges of higher Si. As where with an ENxP it would be bad to solely rely upon it simply because it's dominant which is where my focus on the lower two functions in my last post came from. Any better? Ni/Si don't preform judgments, they are perceptive functions just like Se/Ne. Both types lead with Fi and end with Te which are judgment functions. Ni takes the otherwise aimless Se data and synthesizes it into ideas/perspectives and Si takes the otherwise scattered data from Ne and draws comparisons to what is held ideal in a sensory manner for stability. They simply even out their other half, they do not form judgments. Every type has a dom-tert loop. Loops aren't always bad though as they can lead to good things but are generally related to negative experiences. The way out of the loop is to realize you're in one and use the auxiliary to hit the breaks. The thing is that once you become aware of the loops it becomes difficult to not notice them when they happen and thus become easier and easier to get out of... well at least in my experience. I'll use myself as an example on how to get out. Before I knew about MBTI I had experienced a fair amount of Fi-Ni loops where I convince myself that some bullshit perspective is actually a reality and I would take it to heart causing it to dominant my perception for that compartment of my life. Needless to say they fucking suck... The only way I ever got over them was to go out and seek real data (using Se) to break the loop. 

Heres a list of the all the type loops grouped by function pairing. 

INFP - Fi-Si loop / ISTJ - Si-Fi loop

ENTJ - Te-Se loop / ESFP - Se-Te loop

ESFJ - Fe-Ne loop / ENTP - Ne-Fe loop

ISTP - Ti-Ni loop / INFJ - Ni-Ti loop

INTP - Ti-Si loop / ISFJ - Si-Ti loop

INTJ - Ni-Fi loop / ISFP - Fi-Ni loop

ESTJ - Te-Ne loop / ENFP - Ne-Te loop

ENFJ - Fe-Se loop / ESTP - Se-Fe loopIt wasn't the force that turned him, it doesn't work that way as the force is only a force and requires ability and will to harness it. He was manipulated by Darth Sidious into joining the dark side and thus became Darth Vader. He thought he would be taught the ability to prevent his loved ones from dying so he fully committed to the dark. Theres more to it than that but thats just the skinny. Essentially you could look at this in a cognitive light in the form of an Se-Te loop. Most type descriptions like to tell people their shit doesn't stink. What you wrote here is very relatable as another Fi dom. You should be focusing on your aux/tert processes to determine type as Fi dom seems about right. I think a fair amount are mistyped and scattered over other subs, mostly r/INFP &amp; r/INFJ just chatting about whatever like you see on those subs. I think most that are properly typed tend to lurk rather than post, only posting when something speaks to em enough to break radio silence. I agree with u/iactlikethisirl on pretty much every point made, especially the point about reasoning for making posts and not really caring to converse with people whom we will likely never get to know. I can say that from my perspective I'm not terribly interested in digesting every facet of the theories that stemmed from Jung's original theory but only what I can use. I have a feeling this also stems to alot of other ISFPs here but obviously not all. *We are the Borg. Lower your shields and surrender your ships. We will add your biological and technological distinctiveness to our own. Your culture will adapt to service us. Resistance is futile*I can back this up in that I also game with someone whom I believe to be an ENTJ as Te-Se are prevalent in his actions. He is also really quite arrogant in his actions and it is charismatic in a way and I really enjoy it. It is empowering to be around someone who talks a big game but can also back it up.

&gt; It's because people feel that they are "unstoppable" it's for that reason whenever people are in conflict they get them. Because with the EXTJ in the picture, they feel like they can't lose.

I dislike not having him present for more heavy competitive things because the energy the guy gives off is great. At times I have found that I'm the one trying to calm down all the hype because being too cocky can bad in that "the bigger they are, the harder they fall". I often find that when I'm in a messy situation I just don't want to bother with it unless the charisma from the Te dom is present.

&gt; Now the same can be said for ESTP's HOWEVER the ESTP doesn't have the same level of loyalty as the EXTJ and therefore they are prone to be the devil's advocate and may turn on their friends if they feel their friends are irrational.

&gt; The EXTJ's (because of their FI) are more prone to deal in absolutes, and therefore they CAN be capable of unquestioned loyalty.

I also really agree with these observation as well in that the one ExTP in the group is kinda shifty at times as where the ENTJ tends to remain 'loyal' until the ExTP points out something that openly shakes his perception. The ESFP on the other hand doesn't really shift but trys to find middle ground way more often then the other two and in that way remains loyal. I tend to stay rather black and white on issues in taking one side or the other and holding to it and then trying to convince others that I'm right. Thankfully 3/4 all share Fi and we tend to have very similar views and opinions on things as where the ExTP doesn't really seem to care one way or another, hes just focused on everything staying cool and consistent so he just along for the ride... which leads to the shifty 'devil's advocate' nature. Ok here we go.

**Jessica Jones**

Jessica is a friggen INTP, not an ISTP. I've seen conflict over this and I don't see how people can call her anything other than INTP. Shes a superhero, superheros take action, that does not mean they all prefer Se ffs. Jessica is much more a mental person than a physical one and her more witty, quick thinking nature tells me she prefers Ne to Se. Luke Cage is an ISTP for comparison.


**Star Wars**

Akakin Skywalker ain't no gotdang' ESTP, hes an ESFP and that by extension makes Darth Vader an ESFP, not an ESTJ... they are the same person so they can't be different types. Vader could just be looked at as if hes in an Se-Te loop. Every decision Anakin makes is based on his own values and what he extroverts in very Se-Te heavy. 

**Lost**

Sawyer is not an ENTP, hes an ESTP. The only flimsy argument for Sawyer being an ENTP is all the nick-names. There is much more evidence to support him being an Se dom with a more hidden Ti inner nature that he hides with his 'teddybear' like quality tert Fe. His desire to hoard "stuff" and the way he often exerts force coupled with his strong presence says Se to me, not Ne. 

**The Waking Dead**

Rick is an ISTJ, hes all about maintaining a constant state and is driven by inner values. He extroverts this with that hard-hitting hammer that is Te. Inferior Ne shines bright in him in the first half of season 7 while dealing with Negan. I forget what else I've seen Rick typed as, I think ISFP and INTJ lol, yea right. 


Daryl is not an ISTP, hes an ESTP. I think most people who type him as ISTP are doing so from a dichotomy standpoint. "ooo hes quiet and keeps to himself, he **must** be an introvert." Noooooo, Daryl is a cognitive extravert and it shows in his actions. Daryl often acts before thinking and he had to learn from experience to slow down and think first but even still you see him act out from time to time... thank goodness for this though, that nasty right hook on Negan in S07E01 daayyyum. Look at Michonne for an example of an ISTP, everything she does is thought out first and then she acts unlike Daryl. 


Hmm, I thought it seemed like she would process before acting. Even her job fits this in that it's all research and planning first and then action. From what we saw in the flash-backs it does seem like she was, in a way, similar to how she is now despite the PTSD. She just seems more crude and cut off than she was before but she appears to heal a bit by the end. Either way I don't doubt her functions but the order of the first two could be argued. I want to say this might be more of an introvert thing? The dominant mode of processing is kept to the self so external observations would seem more likely to be off. Getting offended when someone gets something wrong about you? That does strike me as a more Fi thing. It's like "I understand this thing about myself perfectly, how could you not?" I read somewhere that alot of higher Fi types just assume people think the same way they do so just because something is obvious to us does not mean it is to others. It's something I have noticed myself and often times the reaction is so instantaneous that theres no thinking it through first. None. I am who I am and while there are improvements to be made, I do not wish to process things differently. I don't want to imagine life as a dominant whatever function. There are certain natural... I guess you could call them virtues, that other types are more likely to naturally possess, like the more confident nature of a Te dom. Like even if they aren't they still seem like it and I admire that. That said I still don't want the base preferences changed. 2spooky4meI mistyped twice, technically three times but two of them were the same type. It was all over the course of like 5 months though so not much time to make a fool of myself lol I too wanna know if you will publish the results. I'll man up and post one seeing as there is only one other sensor here who posted D: 

[ISFP 1 sp/so(I think)](http://imgur.com/rWX7EjQ?r)Word-nuke in bound! It's over! Equip your skeptic shield and hope for the best.

I went and creeped your old type me post and I think I'm gonna agree with them most of the way. I don't know if ISFP is right but SFP seems about right because in your post it *seems* like you have a higher value of Te than you would if it were inferior. You might just value it highly and try to act in a manner that would call it to use but ultimately falls short due to being undervalued. Either Te is tertiary or you value is typical traits.

Now for the Introversion and Extraversion issue. One thing to understand about the E/I split is that it doesn't necessarily mean the same thing as E/I in a social sense. You can be a cognitive extrovert and have socially introverted tendencies for whatever reason or life circumstance and vise versa. The thing to focus on would be your cognition and where it primarily goes and has always gone. Does your mind always go to the external by default? Paying close attention to the moment and deriving any joy from it that you can find? Or are you more focused on the self and how you 'feel' about all that is around you? Feeling more of a compulsion to share your views/opinions on matter regardless of those around you. This right here caught my attention for an argument towards Fi-Se.

&gt; I will often try to take the most logical course of action, If I remember to, but in emotion situations will often completely ignore this to do what feels right, often resulting in bad decisions 

This I can relate to quite a bit and at the same time I do not see this sort of behavior from my ESFP friend. He is much more present and controlled in what he extraverts then I do. I tend to react based on how I 'feel' about something as where he just tends to call it as it is and maybe interject his opinion/view on the matter.

For what it's worth I can relate to fair amount of stuff in your second typing post and (also to answer your topic question) even your little cycle posted here to an extent. I just prefer to lurk and only post when I feel safe in doing so or when I feel I might offer some support. Sometimes I'll go on a posting spree until I hit a wall and I end up feeling condemned or whatever for doing something 'wrong'. I think this stems more from being a type 9 though what with the base fear being all about loss and separation from others.

Anyway, I think SFP sounds right. In my opinion it almost kinda seems like people who possess high Fi or even Ne (or worse, both D:) might have issues with typing. High Fi is all about values that come from the self and if a high Fi user has some kind of self-image then it's usually taken seriously, no matter how small it may be, and can cause issues with typing. I just get a honest and serious/urgent vibe from your posts which seems oddly familiar - probably because you're a high Fi user and this typing situation bothers you and is, on some level, important.

I hope this is coherent as I tend to lose myself sometimes in posts when I get into it, I'm no Ti type. I'm worried I said something wrong and I'll get picked clean because of it (probably by some Ti user in that "ackchyually" manner as it often goes) lol Seem familiar? I want to clear this right away before I write anything else. Si does not equal good memory. I used to think that myself but it simply isn't true, memory is separate from these functions (as are emotions), they just influence the process one goes through while using their preferred form of cognition. I too have a pretty good memory for details but I do not prefer Si. Someone with leading Si could have a crummy memory while someone with leading Ni could have a great memory. I do think however that these perception functions *could* have effect on the type of info that is prioritized. Se-Ni would be more so about recalling details from around them and the abstract impressions of them. Ne-Si recalling subjective impressions that are somehow mentally connected to whats around them (this where Ne preference title of them being "lolrandom" comes from). 

Ok now Se preference isn't necessarily going to compel someone go about trying new things, it is merely a means of perception. When collecting data, Se preference people will look to the world around them for anything that might fit the bill and couldbe used. As where Ne people look to the environment around them to inspire possibilities. Both could form a basis for a desire to try new things but it is not a guarantee. Remember, we make decisions through judgment functions, not perception functions. If you are perfectly comfortable sticking to what you know then thats a judgment call. 

Ni by extension is what is used to fill in the blanks Se cannot. It's a means of internal perception that draws from the unconscious mind and pops out nuggets of insight. The very nature of Ni is actually opposite of what you described. The person wants to figure something out but cannot find the means to so they draw back on Ni as a means of filling in the blanks - the process of Ni is a direct result of the person wanting to understand something. If you don't wish to figure something out then theres no reason for the unconscious mind to put any work in, you'll just move on and forget about it. We may not be able to observe Ni at work but we can call upon it to work it's magic, theres just no telling when it'll provide results. If someone just moves on from something they cannot find the answer to then thats just disinterest or laziness. Se in my experience is simply a natural compulsion to observe your surroundings. It is really that simple, theres not much to the Se function. I notice that when dominant there seems to be more of a compulsion to not only experience your surroundings but interact with it to some extent. There are similarities between myself and my ESFP friend but the biggest difference between us is that he lives for the moment and I just more so tend to want to observe it rather then constantly interact with it. He gets so much more enjoyment from simply experiencing and then reacting to whatever is going on around him as where I just use it as a means to an end.

&gt;  They're very "floaty" like they expect that everything will work out no matter what, compared to me where I'll worry about everything.

I definitely see that floaty behavior as well in my dominant perceiver friends.  I *think* this is due to inferior Ni/Si. It's a lack of attention to possibilities/past experience due to the favoring of the now being so prevalent over it. I too do not relate to this as it's more of a dominant Se/Ne thing, it just outright seems reckless and short-sighted...  Them - "ahh it'll be fine, nothings gonna happen" Me - "wanna bet?" I tend to lend alot more credence to what I see as being possible compared to what is and how they relate to each other, something I do not see from them, well not often anyways.

Se in an ISFP is just a tool to support dominant Fi. Dominant Fi is the guiding light of an ISFP and everything they do and are stems from it. However when it can't find the answers then aux Se is used to fill in the blanks by looking to the exterior and collecting data. Just reverse this for an ESFP - moment first, then use of values to balance it out. Have you ever considered one of the TJs? Being a judger does not automatically imply the person is going to be neat and orderly. It simply means the first extraverted function is a judging function so they are more likely to push to attain goals as opposed to the more loose "meh" nature of percievers.Thats a pretty common sign of high Te. Went to PerC before with some interest in maybe being active. I saw some piece of shit poking fun at ISFPs for being "stupid" along with some other assclown and decided against it. Never had any interest in any of the other places. I'll just stick to reddit for MBTI as it's much more open. &gt; He does this weird thing where he hits the brakes and turns the wheel and the back end of the car slips out to make a tighter turn.

That would be the drifting. 

This sounds like a more STP thing, yes. I know I'd just get really excited and into it like when I was riding shotgun in my dads racing truck and he gunned it.Ohh what a lovely mess you've got here. Given this wide array or results there are three consistent traits - extraversion, feeling and perceiving. This leaves you with the two ExFP types and from here what you want to do is look into the top functions behind these types - introverted feeling, extraverted sensing and extraverted intuition. If neither of these types fit then don't worry, just study up on all 8 of the functions, look around at type descriptions, read posts on various different sites from types (be skeptical with this one though... mistypes, mistypes everywhere), watch informative MBTI youtube channels. You'll find it eventually. Ok I just gotta point this out first. Jung is pronounced like Yung not Jung. 

Ok, sorry, now on topic. I want to say sensing and feeling are obvious and I want to say the feeling preference is extravtered. You do seem like an introvert so it's possible your dominant could be Si but I think I kinda suck at spotting Si so I can't be certain. I swear if someone comes in here and uses the routine example from early in the video as absolute proof of Si... anyone can follow a routine, especially if it helps makes the day-to-day easier. You also have a bit of a present yet detached and accepting, almost calming aura about you which higher Si-Fe people tend to have. I think ISFJ could be right as I don't see you throwing around weighted opinions like higher Fi types. How do you act when stressed or pushed to the brink? Inferior Ne hello. Prius for ISTJ omfg I'm dying XD Yeeess. It has always bothered me how IxFPs are described as all mushy, emotional and expressive and so on because I really don't like that. It's always gotten under my skin and makes me doubt the typing of Fi dom on a semi-consistent basis but nothing else fits so wtf? The thing is that I do not relate to the Ti method of perception descriptions but I very much relate to Fi and being led by subjective values but theres still the whole missing emotional aspect of it and that bugs the hell outta me. I *thought* I was a 9 who was more assertive due to an 8 wing but even still 9s are to repressive of themselves. So I finally hunkered down and took an enneagram test seriously and fully expected it to come out 9w8.... it didn't. At the end it resulted in something I hadn't expected and looked over already, type 1. Holy shit did things start to click in a fantastic way once I really started to look at the 1. All of it, the more nit-picky and judgmental nature, the suppression of emotional expression, why I related to 4s and 7s because those are what 1s turn to in stress and happiness respectively. It all just made sense and it was fantastic but that drive to perceive perfection still eats away at me when relating to dom Fi descriptions because I don't match them entirely. No, thats more of an F focused thing in general. Fe prefers to adhere to objectively evident values while Fi prefers to adhere to subjectively evident values. It really is, on some level, that simple but there is overlap between functions of the same dichotomy. The specifics of how and why this connecting is done is where the focus should be when trying to relate it to one of the two specific feeling orientations. 

For example: An Fe user might keenly obverse something is wrong and move to connect with this person to help alleviate the pain. Its objective - "Something is wrong and I must act on it to help this person and understand it." - Fe-Ti. 

An Fi user might observe the same thing but relate it to themselves in order to form some understanding of what this person is going though and then connect and work through it. Its subjective - "This person seems to be in pain likely because of x, y or z and I must do something." - Fi-Te. Neither method is guaranteed to be better at this connecting or even work compared to the other but they both do it. 

I hope I got this right... Did "where are the buttons?" come up? I don't like using those labels to describe functions like one only acts one way compared to the other. If I had to then I would say Fi is empathy because of it's subjective nature and Fe is sympathy because of the objective nature. In reality it doesn't matter, either orientation could act either way or not give a shit at all. As a INTJ and Scorpio you see correlations in yourself between the two and as an ISFP and Scorpio I also see correlations in myself as well. So which type is the proper match for the sign? There isn't any, simple as that. Theres alot of overlap in general because of the very nature of Astrology. It's vague enough so pretty much anyone could relate to a fairly decent size portion of their chart regardless of type. [Peace of Mind by Boston](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGRrOEbY3pI)Both? I guess... but the subject of introspection would be different? I'm ISFP and I do it all the time, I pretty much can't not do it unless I'm focusing on something. Makes sense to me. You're looking at Te driving towards goals and being fed by the stability of Si compared to Fi which is the opposite of Te and Se just wanting to be present and interact on some level.I'm not unqy but I do the same thing he does so I'll reply seeing as you've not gotten one. I'm not a fast reader at all and it often feels so much more like work rather than something enjoyable so I'd much rather listen or watch. When reading the word does not appear in my head, its only there on the paper and thus requires more concentration to read. I focus too much on what I think about whatever it is I'm doing rather than focusing on the thing itself. Thats why I love gaming so much because I can disconnect but thats besides the point. Sometimes I can get into a flow and then reading is no issue at all but I still do not see the words, instead images or something akin to short video sequences appear in my head. Oddly enough I prefer to have subtitles on when watching something on Netflix but reading just for it's own sake? Meh. Either IxFP or IxTJ would be my guess. Ok I'll give it a whirl because I relate to this struggle and have been working through this myself.


From my understanding anyone can form values and hold to them strongly, anyone. The difference is that those who are Fi dominant naturally live by them first and foremost and *feels* very strong compulsions when confronted with things they agree/disagree with. It is next to impossible to ignore these when they arise because it deals with your primary form of information digestion. Now when it comes to values you don't need to have many personally defined values to be an Fi dom, in fact you can have very little because if something doesn't matter enough to you then why hold yourself to it? Ultimately I look at dom Fi as like arguing with yourself all the time over what is right or wrong, what you should or shouldn't do, how do I feel about this? and so on. It's not so much about defined values but more about what you value for yourself and how it applies to you and others around you. 


I watched [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmUW3Fa8xoE) like a week or so ago and agreed with what she described as Fi. It's a long one but worth it if you've got some spare time or you could just listen to it while you're doing something else.Thank god for audio books, documentaries,and informative videos/series indeed. https://i.imgur.com/F636xiP.gifv16P on it's own is not a bad test to be fair and it does a good job at being applicable to anyone thanks to it's easy to comprehend questions. The problems with these tests arise when it is compared to the real MBTI or cognitive function theories. The creators of 16P have stated that they have taken the whole MBTI idea and modeled their own system after it which creates a bad taste in the mouths of those who are more into the real thing and it's underlying concepts. The truth is that the MBTI (and similar tests like the one on 16P) is not all that compatible with the functions so tests like these are generally rejected here. As an example you can look at how the MBTI and 16P approach the Introversion/Extraversion split compared to the same split in function theory. I/E in MBTI or 16P is based on where the energy of the individual is gained as opposed to the primary cognitive focus of the individual in cognitive theory. The problem with 16P compared to the MBTI simply comes down to the fact that the real MBTI is far more in depth, with multiple steps and is administered by a practitioner so as to reduce bias and improve accuracy. Another issue with the site, and this is probably the biggest problem, is the all or nothing type descriptions. They paint N types at masters of the world who are just super creative and awesome at everything compared to the boring up-keep focused, control freak, basic, or care-free nature of S types. This creates a whooooole helluva lot of mistypes because everyone thinks they are super special. Hur durr all INTJs are super smart and all ISTPs build shit all day long hur durr So... theres the issue with 16P in a nutshell I guess.Vast majority of the time it feels good. If they accuse me of cheating then I know I've done a sufficient job at wiping the floor with em. Theres nothing quite like breaking the spirit of your opponent in a completive environment in a vidya game.  Most clear cut ESTP I've ever seen. Yup. ooOoooOooOOOo spooky Ni seeing what you can't about yourself. Fairly young. It annoys people at times for sure, especially if I don't dress it up with some kinda sarcasm or tact. It isn't intentional either, it just sorta happens and quite often at that. See a thing, see how it sucks, bring it up with whom ever it may relate to, move on. Personally I don't go around telling people their business, this side of me is reserved for the 'lucky' people whom I get to know or have to work or live with to some degree.This. Very much this. Typology has brought me to hate this word. People go around thinking F types don't have their own logic and that everything is measured on an emotional scale. If they seem to have the ability to reason then people get all amazed like they are looking at some miracle of science. "Guys! guys! The feeler stopped crying for 3 seconds and used reason omfg!" One of the most sensible people I know I believe is an ESFP :/ Then whenever you see someone use the word *logic* in a typing you get the Ti circle jerk parade on full blast and before you know it another has fallen to a mistype.Yea I didn't mean it like some form of subjective or cook logic bent to fit some bullshit rational. I meant they are looked at like they have no logical center to em. Yep. It has to do with a personal feeling of security. If I were to just go around acting like that with everyone I'd be run off lol As where with people I know I can act more within my nature because they know me to some extent. I don't want some stranger to think I'm some nosy fusspot whos never content because it's not true.Oohhohohoho boy has it.No problem. Nice piece of work that one.*Did you and the OP just assume the philosophical views of all NFs? Literally Hitler and Osama right here.*Thats exactly what a machine would have us believe... Same here. If it ain't broke, don't fix it. To me this seems like repressed introverted feeling. I was in the same boat as you so this makes sense to me. Thought Fi dom fit for a while but I came to realize that lack of nuance and understanding in feeling judgements proved otherwise. All Fi preference types share a basic common theme in that they base their actions off of what they personally deem to be 'correct'. In my opinion the difference between higher Fi and repressed Fi is all in the attention to nuance and how much emphasis is placed on it. 

IxFPs are the types of people to scrutinize their feeling judgments so as to form more holistic and inclusive truths before applying them to the world. Once the IxFP has formed one of these truths they are held in the highest regard and applied to their lives as a whole. IxFPs will understand what they are feeling and why/how it can be applied to others so as to maintain these holistic truths. This is why IxFPs often come off as very caring an empathetic and why they enjoy listening to others pains so much - it's all relatable to them.

ExFPs to an extent are the same except there is less focus on forming these truths and instead use Fi more as a tool to attain their goals and for interacting with others. Their truths are more simplified and don't carry as much weight but still very much matter to them on a daily basis. 

IxTJs being introverted in preference tend to have an easier time 'checking in' on Fi on a more consistent basis **before** acting but do not tend to give it too much weight as Pi and Te realities are what matter most. They can still seem rude and selfish on the outside but under the surface they are decently aware of right an wrong in the moment and how to actively apply it to themselves and others.

ExTJs is where you start to step into the issue you're having here. Their focus is extraverted in preference so when you look at their Fi not only is it the most repressed yet valued function, it also goes against the extraverted dominant preference. This can lead to the ExTJ ignoring Fi values in the moment and not even realizing it which is why they have the stereotype of being domineering and insensitive. It leads to ExTJs not fully understanding the nuance to their own feelings but rather they just feel the basic, primal versions of them which are still very powerful but also very, very simplistic. ExTJs will find themselves taken over by a feeling at times and if they choose to scrutinize said feeling they tend to not understand the root cause and what it means to them. They also tend to avoid going anywhere near their Fi, or even to acknowledge its existence, for large portions of their lives because of how uncomfortable it can make them feel, especially if the ExTJ is a type 8. 

When you take this understanding of repressed Fi and look at it through the lens of the common theme the Fi types share you could see how an introspective ExTJ might confuse themselves with an Fi dom. The Fi core of the ExTJ is simplistic and often ignored but when conscious thought it placed on it, it seems very powerful and prevalent. *IxFPs know what they want and act based on their own convictions* ExTJ: "Son of a bitch thats me! I always act based on how I *feel!*" The ExTJ then fails to see the complete lack of nuance compared to higher valued Fi types. Upon reading deeper into Fi dom descriptions they will fool themselves thanks to their repressed Fi. An ExTJ might look at an IxFP description and upon reading about how compassionate they are think "ohh I guess I'm just a more self-centered and egotistical Fi dom. I really relate to Fi so what else could it be? I mean those dumb ExTJs have no feelings at all because inferior Fi means they have no feelings at all." [WRRROOOOOOOOOONG!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yii1u2Lz-II) This is just my understanding though so take it any way you like... assuming you read all of it that is.
We all care about what others think of us regardless of feeling preference. What you should focus on is the how and why it bothers you rather than taking the end result and slapping the Fe tag on it. An Fe type might be concerned with what others think of them as it could be used to mold how they *outwardly* effect those in their environment. An Fi type might look the environment and project how they *inwardly* feel about themselves onto others to mold a better version of themselves. A long and irritating process of introspection and self discovery. INFJ lol back when my understanding of these theories was complete horse shit. The whole reason I got into this stuff was to use it for self improvement and back then I had a much more biased view of myself which was waaay off.  Just had keep applying myself to the theory until the biased layers were stripped away and only the truth remained.  To go through it fully would require more patience than I have to be honest so I'll keep it brief as I can. Also to clarify my initial typing through tests and confirmation bias was INFP and the a little later INFJ. My perception of myself under the function stack of those types wasn't necessarily wrong per se, it was just not the whole truth. I'm of the belief that every person uses all 8 functions and in my case I was cherry picking specific and very limited examples for confirming my typings. It also doesn't help that for the longest time I was convinced I was an Introverted type because I have self esteem issues. The mix up with the T/F split was simply because I never gave the T preference a conscious chance. I have always acted based on what I want for myself and ended up mistaking them for a feeler preference... you know cause Thinkers have no feelings and act 10,000% of the time purely based off logic and empirical data *rolls eyes The more I pushed myself into the theory the more I came to see through my own bullshit and see the way I have always been and still am. Theres more I could go into with life experience/how I was raised and the Enneagram but I just don't feel like it right now. 

Also it wasn't a strait jump from an NF type to ESTJ. Went something along the lines of INF-ISF-IST-ESTJLol 👌I try. This is not Fi. Every healthy person cares about their own well being in one way or another. All you need to remember is that Fi is a set of self-imposed moral values. Ti is the disconnected analysis of empirical data. It is also worth noting that they are not entirely mutually exclusive in that everyone uses both but will only have a preference for one. The other will only pop in and out of consciousness when absolutely required... unless you're an ExTP/ExFP in which case they really gotta work on that shit. Fuck me this little bugger has an enormous head. [Believe in what you ask?](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/283/235/7e3.jpg)

Sorry lol Fi operates within is the persons belief system so it could be literally anything. It's the feeling that you know something is right or good and that you need to stick to that - to believe in it. You're asking me this while you have an ISFP tag? People strive to attain these views because it is what drives them and gives them purpose, to be the best they can regardless of outside influence. Fi is universally applicable to the world, just not in a fluid sense, it is inherently separate from it and judges the world in the manner of which it deems most just to the subject. It may not always be logically fair but it has it's merits. Fi picks a side and whatever comes from the experience is written into their moral code and applied to the world as they see fit. There is a large degree of bias involved in Fi judgments and those whom primarily rely upon it get picked to shreds by the more critical individuals because they do not wield it fairly. When one defers to oneself for judgments then one must ask what they believe to be fair and it's not always perfect and it doesn't always work but it is necessary. If society existed entirely without Fi then it would not function. Society would crumble in on itself under pure Fe compliance but on the other hand society would rip itself apart under pure Fi ferocity. This is why there is differences in preference of cognition - to even out the others weaknesses in an endless loop of growth and learning. Ok I'm gonna spout off my understanding of sensing here and it may or may not be correct so fair warning. To me Si isn't necessarily about sensation itself but then again neither is Se. They are both triggered through 'sensing' but that is not what they are about. They are just called sensing functions due to their concrete focus on the world. Sensation is more broadly focused on experience, with one being driven to experience and the other being driven from it. Si isn't about requiring a similar sensation in order to operate, it's about recalling directly/indirectly related experiences in comparison to your current experience. Si is relational memory, not really muscle memory. What Gus (guy on the left for the off chance anyone on planet Earth has yet to see Breaking Bad) describes in this [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKF48Th__5c) is Si. You can see it isn't about the sensation itself but what is called from memory through sensation in comparison to the current experience. You have to understand that every aspect of these theories are entirely abstract, even the realistic focus of sensing. The actual senses themselves can be directly related to any function of the mind same as emotions.  Repetition can tend to be a typical end result of higher Si preference but it does not directly relate to it, no. &gt; ISTJ: Darth Vader from Star wars

&gt; ISFP: Anakin Skywalker from starwars

SMH... please... please just don't. They are the same damn person and cannot be two separate types. I woulda picked Frank Underwood but I guess hes more an anti-hero. Ohh don't give me that metaphorical hoopla. They are the same person with different philosophies on life. Vader is nothing more than Anakins inner turmoil given direction. Same person, same way of looking at the world but with different actions. I don't get what goes through the minds of the people who are in the bands under these genres. Like are they such special fuckin snowflakes that they have to pull some genre out of their ass for their music style? Math rock? Really? Who thinks of this stuff? I'm not saying anything about you for listening to this kinda music, god no. It just kinda blows me away how every day it seems like theres another genre appearing outta thin air. This is good shit right here. It doesn't naturally click that we might be acting too abrasive or commanding in the moment so pointing it out, especially if you're important to this person, could potentially be earth-shaking in a good way. Strait up though OP, this dude needs it because it's clear no one ever told him he acts like a grade-A dick at times. If he looses his cool upon being confronted just remember to stand your ground and if hes adjusted enough he'll realize he was wrong in hindsight. Only if I'm really trying to focus on something or sleep. If I'm not doing either then noises *conveniently* don't really pull my attention.I hate myself for laughing at this. &gt; Are you kidding? More than half of the people here talk about intuitives as if they were vastly superior to sensers. The only difference is that they're less direct about it than other places.

and those people are fucking idiots who either get ignored or downvote bombed. To be fair a portion of these people aren't idiots but are actually just new-ish to the theory so they are granted some leeway while they learn and overcome the stereotypes. The 'regulars' around here don't go around spouting off intuitive bias crap unless it's in a sarcastic or mocking manner. Compared to other typology forums out there r/MBTI is pretty damn civil and informative. Some of the other places have decent info but are more involved with idiots and special snowflakes. This place is far from prefect though so like most things in life it is about picking the lesser of the evils. My active memory isn't all that great. I forget things fairly often until I see/think of something related in some way and then I have a "ohh shit" moment and get to it. Not sure if they have a direct reasoning behind em. If the mods really are NPs then they prob just like drew from a hat or some shit. I know this topic has come up before and people were more than willing to give input on what the colors should be for the types but nothing came of it. If it bugs you (or anyone) then use RES and the colors disappear. This makes me want to ask something that has been on my mind the entire time on the sub: Where the hell are the mods? You never, ever see them... ever. You just wait...


^^^^^Three ^^^^^things ^^^^^are ^^^^^certain ^^^^^in ^^^^^life ^^^^^- ^^^^^Death, ^^^^^Taxes, ^^^^^type ^^^^^doubt. ^^^^^No ^^^^^one ^^^^^escapes. Yea I was thinking to myself that only the ignorant are sure... them and those who've been into typology for eons and have fairly clear self-perception.  A'men. Is... is that *kindness*? **sacrilege**! I revoke your Te card. You have redeemed your Te card. Enjoy. I told you. Type doubt, no one escapes. It'll get easier to deal with as you learn. It will always be there but you'll learn to see the truth in yourself and see through the doubt. The key thing to remember is that you use all 8 but there are 4 that are preferred. Don't freak out if you find yourself using a process you hadn't considered, it happens. lol I'm sure. Stereotypes are BS my dude. If you actually knew me you'd see that is not at all the case that I might be INFP. The idea that ExTJs are always dicks is more because they are type 8, 3, or 1 in most cases as where I'm a 6.

Edit: Uhh not that 8,3, and 1 are dicks, it's just that they tend to come off as such when they aren't self-aware. I'm 25. Your father sounds like a strait up type 8 to me just going off those behaviors. I added the edit to correct myself in saying that they aren't dicks, they can just come off as dicks to others. I know I do at times and it's almost never intentional. You can't link your inbox at all. You just end up linking everyone to their own lol You gotta take screen shots OP but I bet that theres probably a rule against that in the Reddit ToS.So be it. Guilty. Look at sarokrae's response below. It's due to the difference in perception. N types are more open to making judgments calls off inferences as where an S type wants a direct response. Both ExTJs like direct responses but I imagine an ENTJ can move on without one. Indirect and ambiguous responses drive me nuts. &gt; Or do they just plan not to do work ?

You joke but thats not untrue. Funny, I do the same thing when a troublesome *feeling* or mood gets to me. Just go to sleep that night and it's gone by morning. Ahh, life is simple. We're plenty aware of what we're feeling. The issue is more figuring out why and the root cause of it.&gt; based ONLY on the movies

Ok.

&gt; She cannot be an ESTJ, or she would have more of an authoritative personality like Te doms tend to have.

I guess we watched different Harry Potter movies with different Hermiones. 

&gt; I type her as an ISTP because she's very practical, quick thinking, and logical.

Thats exactly what Te does... Ti is slower and more methodical. Its about getting the core concept/idea of something just for the sake of understanding it. Te is about simplicity in a precise and practical manner which pretty much describes her to a T. 

And to cover the above post...

&gt; Also in the one scene where Ron and Harry don't notice something but Hermione does and she says "it's right in front of us". She's very detail oriented because of her strong Se

Sensing types are all aware of their surroundings, not just Se types, I mean thats kinda the point of sensing. Si preference people pay attention to specifics in their environment rather than just everything going on around them. Se is unfiltered perception of the environment as where Si is filtered. Se isn't looking for anything specific, its just looking because why not? Who knows what new thing it could find. Si perceives what it wants and looks for that thing specifically, ignoring all the other useless sensory data. My dude shes bossy as fuck, she reeks of Te. Just because she isn't always in very ones face with it 100% of the time does not mean she cannot be a Te dom. The way she goes about everything screams Te-Fi. I agree with and relate to all of this minus the blurry lyrics. If the other aspects of the song are good then I can accept the blurry lyrics and I'll just look them up to understand them. I have however been working on not shitting on others 'bad' music just because I don't like it... Not always easy, especially if I can't escape it.Yea, I'm aware hence the quote. Thanks for the unnecessary post.  Ohh for sure. I want so badly to stay open because I desire to have just this huge library of music I enjoy but its just so damn hard to find music I can't instantly pass over. Same goes for me with the nostalgia trips regardless of the genre. I would consider Feilds of Gold by Sting to be one of those cliche love songs but I can't help but enjoy it because I used to hear it alot when I was quite young.Long answer: Lack of proper understanding across the general masses about the theory leads to iNtuitive = super deep, rare, demigod. The lack of proper understanding stems from only paying attention to outward action while building profiles for the types rather than what the focus should actually be on, the inner cognition. 

Short answer: Ignorance and dipshit snowflakes. I don't really think there is anything shitty about it. The issue for me has far more to do with the T/F split. No sarcasm. If someone has any real issues with a dichotomy I believe its because there is a struggle to get a balance between the two. I don't feel like I have an issue being more open minded. Not enough to go off to get a general idea of *possible* type. I do feel that its some what safe to assume you might prefer Fe-Ti so that would leave xFxJs. Interest in spirituality, psychology, sociology and such topics ≠ intuitive type. You need to move away from tests (stay the hell away from 16personalities, its no good beyond a *veeeery* general introduction) and type descriptions and look into the cognition patterns of the types to truly determine your own. Some useful things to focus on is the general dynamics of the dominant/inferior relationship of each type, the Socionics concept of the PoLR function, and spending extra time researching perception (S/N) as it is the single most misunderstood dichotomy hands down and without doubt leads to the most mistypes.Thats what I was thinking. The way he described everything in that video made me think xSFP was more likely. Plus his acting is **very** animated and active. Theres so much Se and Fi and this video that it can come through your screen and saturate the room. Man I can't stand it when someone goes off on that bullshit belief that humans suck and animals are awesome. Motherfucker, lets see how the other animals react when you take their base instincts, which are pretty much the same as ours, and give them higher consciousness. They'll war with each other, war with us, and we can all go down the alley of extinction together. Theres your harmony right there. No, in this context it is a belief. The belief that all we do is consume and destroy while animals live in balance with nature. Well thats all they have and its all they are, they lack the capacity to contemplate life and their species future, there is no reason to go beyond instinct and I guess that makes them *awesome*. All animals, including humans, just want to survive and suddenly we're evil for doing that but in a more efficient way than the rest of the species on this planet. We do what we do because we are supporting ourselves, that we may grow while animals live in a loveless, merciless, never ending cycle of the wild where its pack against pack, species against species and there isn't much cross-over. At least Humans have compassion for eachother, even across packs as well as other species on top of that. Our greatest gift is also our damndest curse and we are the only ones here who suffer it. But yes, while some animals would surely desire peace with their higher consciousness, so too would others desire the same thing we do but with even more blood lust. Look at Wolves, they don't hunt and kill eachother but they sure as shit will hunt and destroy others that get near their territory with chilling coordination. I shudder to think of a Wolf with higher consciousness. We can hardly handle our own shit right now and we've been sentient for a long-ass time. What do you think would happen if every other species on this planet became sentient? There aren't enough resources on this planet for us alone right now at our current pace so while we struggle to find new alternatives we remain the way we are. Add more sentient species to that and surely life on this planet would crumble under a war of self-preservation. When it gets down to it, we do suck but thats only because we have the ability to account for our actions and how those actions effect others. We don't have the luxury of just living by instinct, its not an excuse we get to enjoy. We have to try and make life better for everyone and everything but that won't be possible if we can't have the opportunity to reach that point in evolution and right now what we are doing with our civilization is what it takes to get there. It isn't perfect and its brutal in alot of way but thats life. &gt; Is it the ~~tenth~~ tenquadrillionth time this was posted?This right here is the problem with the dichotomy approach. I know what the final dichotomy stands for. The point is that due to simplified nature of the dichotomy approach you end up with silly mistakes like this in every category, its not specific enough, regardless of your understanding. An INTJ and INTP are radically different but you wouldn't see that unless you take a more specific approach.  lol saw this already but svsdvfds gave a sufficient response. Tests suck and lacking self-awareness leads to leaps like this. I agree and I do the same things quite often. I don't understand why people want to turn Si into something its not. I think it can be summed up with one simple sentence - Si is all memory but all memory is not Si. It operates *though* memory but is not memory itself. Same way feeling tends to operate though an emotional lens but is is not the emotions itself. Well the reasons that lead me to the realization are two-fold. For a long time I had myself convinced I was an Fi dom because it played such a large part in what I do but I came to realize that while it was a motivating factor, it was also *very* unsophisticated. I had alot of respect for people who went about life with a general Te bent and now I understand why and can see its prevalence in everything I do. This lead me to realizing that I do draw energy from the external and how good it made me feel whenever I did. You'd think that it would've been obvious where one draws energy from so this is where the second factor in my misidentification comes into play. I'm a type 6 and anxiety has always played a part in my life although I try my best to keep it strictly inside. However, it still has a rather large effect on the way I go about things and though I naturally want to be more outgoing, I struggle because for the majority of my life I had an issue with weight and that would just amplify the anxiety to a high degree. Over the course of the last year I have dropped *alot* of weight and slowly am beginning to gain more confidence but its difficult because it leaves a mark on you that you never get rid of. So because of this I enjoyed more 'introverted' activities  and thus had myself convinced I was an introvert upon discovering the MBTI. Slowly I forced myself to see through my own bullshit and came to realize I was wrong about myself and came to realize that I was an extravert. The fact that I didn't relate to dominant Si also helped with the realization quite a bit towards the end.&gt; To the Te-doms, I curse: I'm not going to curse myself! Te is godly and should be worshipped. Bow down to us ExTJs. What? That's unfair? Fine, fine. You will never be able to make sentimental or value judgements. You will see your friends' gifts only in their material and practical worth, you will see them as pawns. You'll want to reach out to other people, feel what they feel, but you'll only be able to see them as cold, hard statements and facts.

Pfft, jokes on you, already there. You'll have to try harder than that mate. Ahh... well, fuck. Ehh, I almost always have music going when I'm on a walk. If I go out without em I end up driving myself crazy. I need the stimulation from the music unless I plan ahead of time to take it easy and chill on the walk in which case I'll just think through whatever stupid shit comes to mind. Nothing. They're all pricks and should all be left on an island somewhere. When only one remains you can go and collect it, put it in a zoo and charge admittance.  &gt; My Te is terrible help

Try harder. IndeedIt actually is if you think about it. Nope. Sure I find them interesting but to think that human beings could keep ongoing massive, earth changing plans of control a secret for god knows how many years? Yea, lol ok, you give us too much credit. We suck at keeping things secret. I look at these theories as little more than interesting possibilities that don't serve much more purpose than entertainment. Some could be real, most are probably just pure fabrications. Any time I see the words 'illuminati' or 'nibiru' I just sigh and shake my head. The idea of Si being related to internal bodily sensations is a socionics concept I believe. Socionics and MBTI share a similar base theory but are ultimately​ different. Take force exertion for example and apply the MBTI lense to it and you get more of a Te result as where in Socionics force would be applied to Se. Because exerting​ force is tied to Se, the opposite is tied to Si - keeping it mellow and controlled so as to not tire the self out. In Socionics, Si is more pointed towards sensual homeostasis than the recollection of past sensory data in comparison to current sensory data. However as a concept it does seem to stand true for Si types because the natural desire of the Si types is to maintain what they feel comfortable with. Si in MBTI is strait out the mental focus on past data as it relates to the current sensory environment with the desire to maintain physical states being a byproduct of that desire. Make sense? Its not true. Si works through memory but is not memory itself. Its just impressions of experiences that are recalled upon entering similar situations. I have a pretty awful memory at times but I understand and easily recall impressions of things I've experienced. Like u/mrmoodle I too am bad with remembering birthdates and things like that. To this day I can still only manage to recall my own and one of sisters but only because she was born on valentines day. However, it seems ISxJs don't seem to really have these issues to this extent. Everything you described I find to be very accurate in my experience. Its also extremely easy to rationalize away any kind of these 'feelings' that come up from time to time. It legitimately feels like I'm crossing myself most of the time when I attempt to act purely based on them. If I do act purely based on it then I'm usually not fully aware of it. I mainly experience Fi as like this unconscious, yet powerful influence I don't understand. An analogy I like to use to describe inferior Fi is like comparing it to a car. You can clearly see the steering wheel, peddles and stick and how they effect the vehicle but you cannot say the same for the engine. Its there, you utilize it to operate the vehicle but you lose awareness of it and its importance unless something goes wrong and suddenly there it is, right smack-dab in your awareness and you have no clue wtf to do with it.The inferior isn't inert, far from it actually. It effects you heavily but you typically are blind to its effects. Despite that I too feel fondly about Fi and the way it works, moreso than any other function to be honest. The process of trying to figure it out though is just so damn confounding at times. I'm glad to see that other ExTJs also like Fi and what it does but I doubt any of us would really want it to be more conscious. Whenever I see an IxFP struggle with it, I just think what a living hell it must be to have that driving you lol No. Just no. Everyone thinks conceptually. Words, definitions, images and such are applied after so the thoughts can be externalized and shared. If Humans could mentally connect there would be no need for any of these things, we would all simply understand in its purest 1:1 form. If images are involved then you're perceiving a memory or visualizing something. If you're putting vocabulary to a thought then you're doing nothing more than preparing it to be coherently shared. When it comes to pure conceptual comprehension inside the mind, you simply understand or you don't, everything else is extra.Holden struck me as an INFJ as well. Bill I believe to be an ESTJ. Wendy strikes me an ISTJ though I'm not completely sure. I think Debbie is an xNTP. I've not finished it yet, two more episodes to go so if I missed any other major character from those last two, thats why.*Hold my beer*It was quite annoying, as most band wagons are. This was not the first string of useless AMAs and it probably wont be the last.ESTJ. As long as it has a strong presentation to it and is delivered in a tasteful manner with meaning to it then chances are I might like it. The genres that typically fit this bill are many forms of rock, metal, and *alternative* (whatever that classification is). I recently came across this metal sub-genre called symphonic metal and I'm liking it so far. Well any type can be attracted to any other in any way. However, when you look at it from an archetypal approach they naturally wouldn't be. Ni types would be attracted to other Ni types as well as Se types to some extent. Ne types though? Naw. You see people talk of these awesome N connections from a point of ignorance, where they don't understand that iNtuition is not the same in both attitudes. The only facet they share is the type of information they prefer to perceive while perceiving that common ground in two different ways. Ni and Si would be more complimentary through processing of information as both are comparative, focused on time scaling, and consistency while making up for each other's flaws. Ne on the other hand prefers to jump around from topic to topic, idea to idea which directly conflicts with the focused and holistic nature of Ni. It would take personal development to overcome the differences and truly value what the other brings to table. Same thing is applicable to Se and Si. Why do I get the feeling this post is a jab at the Socionics posts you see from certain xNTP users here? If so, why? Why try and mock them? Pointless. No, too many loose ends. You are right though in that *you* don't need to defeat everyone. We'll all destroy each other and when its all over, like the early mammals, the INTJ will emerge from their holes with a single phrase - "I knew it."Yeah... I just searched that on Youtube and the test was 16p so that pretty much renders your point moot. Hopper is not a Fe-Ti type. The 16p test is a far cry from Jungian theory. The creators have even stated that their test is not to be misconstrued with MBTI. Their test is a bastard hybridization of the MBTI, Keirsey Temperaments, and the Big 5. As a result, this test is incredibly stereotypical in nature compared to the real MBTI or even function theory. Do you like people? Even a little bit? Feeler. Do you use your brain at all like an independent person? Intuitive. These kind of trends carry throughout the entire test, across all dichotomies and is grossly stereotypical in nature when compared to the real MBTI theory. This test is not to be seen as reliable when trying to figure out ones MBTI type which is the point of this thread. To my understanding the inferior is used alot, you just don't see it until it is brought to your conscious attention. When it is brought to your attention it matters to you but ends up being difficult to pin in it's purest form. It won't manifest the same way as it would for some whom highly prefers it but it will seem similar enough. Really the only difference between the functions and their level of preference is nuance. The PoLR on the other hand you do not naturally use, nor do you really desire it or enjoy it's manifestations. The inferior, hands down. It actually matters to the person so it's far more likely to be developed over something that isn't. Not better per se, just valued. Te makes sense to you in some capacity as where an IxFJ would likely never naturally consider information in a purely Te manner. I don't think these functions can suck in a person, it's just that they are more and more ignored the further you go down. The naturally occurring manifestations of these functions might seem unrefined but if an individual decided to put effort into a non-preferential function they could easily do the same thing as someone who prefers it. You see people building profiles around these functions, trying to make them look like these bizarre and abstract things as where in reality all of them are normal, everyday means of perception and judgment which we are all capable of performing. The boarders between it all is simply a matter of preference.

I think a simpler way to phrase it would to say that people don't suck at *alien* means of cognition, it's just that they go about it the wrong way. An IxFJ can do Te but they naturally prefer Ti and will opt to use it over Te in situations better suited to Te. They are using the wrong tool for the job essentially so they appear to *suck* at Te when it was never Te from the get-go. If they switched to the proper tool then they would be perfectly capable of using it although it would likely be uncomfortable. Again, matter of preference. None taken lol Judging =/= organized and perceiving =/= disorganized in a physical sense. The J/P dichotomy deals with how one mentally organizes information from the external and is entirely in the mind. Judgers prefer to make sense of information so it can be utilized as where perceives prefer to continually take on new information and see where it leads. Judging desires to make structure to find it's way while perceiving desires to observe to find it's way. 

Heres an example of how this could manifest: A judger may have a disheveled home but they will know where everything that is important is located. A perceiver may have an impeccable home but still manage to loose their phone five times a day. Introverted sensation is about impressions from lived experiences. In order to get an idea of what it is like to experience it I want you to think of a time in your life where something happened to you and it was important enough to remember. Even Si PoLR types must have a few. Now it is likely that upon recalling this memory that one or two moments comes to mind and with those moments comes an understanding of what the crux of the experience was. 

That in itself is Introverted Sensing. An impression which recalls all the important, real and concrete details of an experience. It is experienced in the form of a physical snapshot in time which carries the crux of the entire experience all summed in one neat memory. Ni functions similarly to this I imagine but it would leave out sensory details and instead is about the crux of the more *abstract* connections pulled from experiences in one's life. I guess you could say it's more of experiences vs. themes in one's life for Si and Ni respectively. *que guitar and bass line

God I love that song. What you're describing here is mostly IxTJs. I prefer to have subtitles on. In an age where it's cool for some reason to have characters in multiple scenes speak as if they are in a library, subtitles are very useful. Movies or shows where characters are speaking other languages and subtitles are required? No thanks. Get outta here with that nosie. If I want to read the entire thing I'll just get a book.When you say you relate more to introversion than extraversion descriptions, what do you mean? Like in a stereotypical sense or in a cognitive sense? There is a difference and they are not mutually exclusive. E vs I in terms of cognition is where your mental energy is focused so extraverts divert focus to the objects of the world be it objectives, standards, or people and introverts divert focus more to the internal word of themes, concepts, and frameworks. 


Being a cognitive extravert does not mean that going out all the time and interacting with people is going to make you feel alive, it simply means that interaction with the objective world in some manner feels natural as where the opposite would be more demanding. One can be cognitively extraverted while being more socially introverted so don't concern yourself with that when trying to determine type.I don't see how you could come to that conclusion. Ne is not a function focused on interconnections and thus is not focused on accumulating information. It is focused on a string of connections that may or may not lead to something, its is open-ended and observational by nature. What you quoted is much more suited to Ni or Si which are focused on interconnections so it can lead to a desired outcome. What? You're surprised or let down? I mean look at the username. This should've been expected. I agree. It's a flawed descriptor of the I/E dichotomy in my opinion. I think the focus should instead be directed towards where one focuses their own energy as a means to determine cognitive orientation. An individuals personal circumstances are far more likely to determine which activities recharge them and which drain them. No, he's not considering Anakin is not. There's some debate over it but I keep seeing Anakin go between xSxPs. Vader is just a heavily emotionally damaged Anakin and that doesn't magically turn him into an STJ.You can't just decide which information is relevant and which isn't when you're dealing with canonical information. If I were to humor you I would say Vadar cannot be typed because he obviously has the Emperor's hand so far up his ass that he cannot be accurately typed.He acts like that because it is the way of the Sith, not because it's who he is. The apprentice must display absolute obedience in order to learn from the Master in order to over throw them. Failure to do so would result in their annihilation. None of his actions can truly display his type as you'd have to see what's going on inside his head but all you see from him is his Sith programming. The only real bits of Vadar you see is after he does what he does at the end of ep 6. I'm in the same boat. I think I'm coming across as speaking normally and then I get backlash for being all stern/serious or even judgmental. It's not easy to catch myself doing it.I prefer more open world games with clear objectives and lots of things to do. Not too big on exploration and other unstructured activities, just gemme something fun with plenty to grind. Some of my favorites would be TES series, GTA series, Far Cry series, Red Dead series, and Legand of Zelda series. I enjoy shooters a little bit, mostly because I'm not very good at the overly active and twitchy style most have as well as the pointless and empty progression system most have (I'm lookin' at you CoD). The only shooters I enjoy are Battlefield and Destiny. Try ENTP there, buddy boy. I just use the acronyms but after reading your post and seeing that you pronounce Ti as 'tye' all I can see in my head is [this.](https://youtu.be/HBBwXAPNLr0) Ti shall now and forever be affiliated with Tie Fighters and Beagels, thanks. The way I see it, Feeling cannot be as polarized as it's made out to be because that simply doesn't work, in theory or practice. A couple of examples of what I mean by this would be following one's 'heart' not being restricted to Fi and caring about impacts on others not being restricted to Fe. Feeling in general is focused on interpersonal values, so both types of feeling result in caring for others, personal values, etc. The difference between the two is the motivation behind these values and actions. 

Feeling in the extraverted attitude is focused outward onto the objectively evident, as where Feeling in the introverted attitude is focused away from the objective world and into the subjective. Now, taking these two definitions and applying them to a realistic scenario as an example should help you catch my drift.

Let's say there is this group of people talking and one individual in this group says something out loud that offends another. How does this person react? An Fe type would use what is objectively verifiable in this situation to choose their perceived best course of action. I said something, it offended this person and they were hurt, hurting others causes problems, I will course correct to fix the damage. I know that is horribly simplistic but it gets the point across. An Fi person in the same situation does the same thing and hurts someone. I said something, it offended someone and now I feel bad about it, I don't like feeling like this, I will course correct to fix the damage. Again, horribly simplistic but you get the point. The Fe type is focused on the fact they sewed discord in some way and how it affected others as where the Fi type is focused on how their treatment of others affected them. Both types of Feeling work differently on the inside but often come to same conclusions on the outside.

There is more nuance that can be attributed to either feeling attitude but this is just the basic jist of them both. It's alot easier to determine functional preference from this approach rather than jumping head-first into all the intricacies of each one and compare and contrasting them to determine preference. One, maybe two. I don't like the clutter. If I need to go back I'll just search the history rather than leaving tabs open. Because he deserves it and people love to jump on drama bandwagons. Raking in dem clicks and views. The door slam is a human response to faulty relationships that those whom believe themselves to be INFJ have laid claim too. Basically, you put up with a toxic individual for a long enough time without any semblance of growth or compassion on their part and the resentment towards them grows and grows until you abruptly shut them out of your life - slamming the door on them. It's been overly romanticized by the INFJ community as a sign that these INFJs, in all their magnanimous glory, have simply tried enough with this person to no avail so they need to be cut out of their lives. Whether or not any fault lays with the INFJ individual is unknown as you only read about their side of the interactions. How any of this is related to the whole +/- function thing, I am unsure, not overly familiar with Scocionics. This provides nothing of value for typing. You need to realize that type has almost nothing to do with surface level choices, actions, like &amp; dislikes and so on. It's about the type of information you naturally prefer to digest, nothing more really. This isn't a prescriptive system, X type isn't going to act X way or like X things, that doesn't work as it'll never be 100% accurate. You need to look at what these modes of judgement and perception are in their pure and simple forms, form an understanding, and move from there. I know it isn't easy to stay away from objectively verifiable data like this, but you'll need to if you want to understand the theory better and apply it more reliably. It is simply too abstract and theoretical for this approach and if you stick with it you'll only figure this out yourself down the line. I think you're confused. I wasn't referring to what I was suggesting as being objective, I was referring to the OPs method. Objectivity doesn't work in typing, it has to be approached from a subjective, theoretical angle to be most widely applicable and accurate. Doubtful. There are correlations to be found between many facets of individuals and type theory but most of it isn't very concrete. I hate heights for example, like I can even watch a camera pan vertically along a building and I just feel stressed. I hate the idea of falling so much. How any of this relates to type? I don't know. I mean I could just spout off some mumbo jumbo about it being linked to Te as a loss of control or Si by relating it to things I've experienced in some manner that relates to heights or falling. Or literally any other function using obscure reasoning which never actually means anything. Most fears are just passed down through generations because they are prudent to survival, others are formed through trauma but it all happens regardless of cognitive type. Clever. I like it.I disagree, I don't think it would be meaningless. The fear of death motivates people into action but it's not the only thing that does so. Remove the death barrier and some other driving force and/or passion would just take over. Curiosity would be my bet as we're surrounded by the seemingly infinite and if that's not enough to drive people, I don't know what is. I believe we'll pass the death barrier at some point through technology and while that may have negative effects, I doubt they would outweigh the positive. Sure, some may end up losing the will to live or become bored with life but consider the alternative. Once you choose to die, you don't get to come back and being given the choice to die when you don't have to, changes everything.... that is assuming there isn't an 'immortal soul'. From what we know of ourselves as a species that would likely be the case. Still, I think it should be a choice. Live a normal life or extend life, perhaps indefinitely, using technology. Death should not be a garuntee, at least until everything as we know it comes to an end. Why on earth would anyone tie it? It would just be a pain to undo. The ESTP method is superior. Also, I guess ENTJs are the tryhards of preserving bread. This right here nicely sums up a major problem with typology. We all want so badly to categorize all these different behaviours and views into specific typological mindsets to add clarity to the systems, that it ends up distorting the whole thing beyond what it is. The belief that this whole "I defy categorization" is an Fi thing is horse shit. It's a personal trait that some develop and others don't, that simple. What happens when you run into an Fe type that dislikes being categorized? You get something like "uhhh well you see, it's not Fe that's responsible, no no, it's uhh... well unvallued and repressed Fi coming through in a poorly developed manner. Yeah, yeah that's it..." It's all a load of hooey. Type is something so basic and simple in the human mind that it has very little to do with who you are and the way you act. Your nurture has so much more impact on you than nature. Pi are both alike in process and focus but the information they deal in is what separates them. Si gets an impressionistic description because of the concrete relational nature of it (this thing is like this thing rather than the focus just being on the thing) as where Ni gets more labeled as vision because it's more broad and vague or at least I assume. The focus is more on the underlying themes and concepts with Ni as opposed to raw experience with Si but both are utilized to form a personal road map. If I were to describe Si I would say it is all about perceiving parallels between the now and realistic past experience so the individual has a more clear understanding of the thing/experience. Basically when an Si user does something they are instantly made aware of the most similar thing they have experienced so the understanding of that experience can be abstracted and applied to the now. It's not to be confused with strait experience as we all use that in whatever field we operate in, it's more like educated guess work through relevance. I don't know how I could describe the process of Si to that of Ni because it seems kind of alien to me, like I believe I get what it is, just not how it feels if that makes sense. I think I might love this man. No, he's not making it seem like perception. Perception is disconnected from the self, it assigns no value and has no rational to it, it simply works. Perception is about either seeing what is or how it relates to what has has been or could be, by either observing real world facts or abstract possibilities.

 What he's describing here is still rational in the sense that it is connected to the individuals sense of direction and intent regardless of the fact that it's primal (by primal I mean it appears as an automatic response which could be mistaken as perception). It is something that changes with experience as opposed to perception which does not. Again, it just works. Feeling isn't responsible for reasoning, it's responsible for values and those are primal representations of the individual that are used for decision making. whether it comes from within or from the tribe, it still has a connected rational to it. So some Te-Fi type might say "I like this", which is a feeling that comes from within, "so I'm going to do this and that because of it", which is reasoning that is outside the self to be shared with and altered by the tribe. 

Functions do not work independently, they operate on an axis as you should know. F is responsible for the primal values and T takes care of the reasoning, that's it. What people try to assign to a specific function is actually assigned to the axis. Together they are rational but in different ways that make up for the others shortcomings. They are different types of people pleasing. One is more oriented towards the classic definition of it which fits more in line with the traditional description Fe. While the other is more focused on getting things correct for the sake of others. Whether or not the person is a pushover for the sake of others or a hard-headed hard-ass in spite of others depends on their own life circumstances, not cognitive preferences. I think I would have to agree with you on this. Giving out the proper information is important but at it's core it isn't for the sake of others, it's for the sake of the self. Although it can still be interpreted as people pleasing from the outside. Yup. The way the video is structured is just his style. Nothing in them suggests they are improvised on the fly. Why? Because of the way he presents his information? That's what so good about it. He's giving you what you need to know and not beating about. It's clear and direct which is fantastic. *I know* This sounds like a representation of introverted thinking if I'm not mistaken. This is a rational process you use to form an understanding of something rather than a conceptual perception of the world. Everyone sees themselves as individuals and as a part of society. Feeling does not segregate this nor is it about emotion. Feeling is simply the focus on value-based judgements as where thinking is focused on logic-based judgements. 

Fi-Te: What value the self finds in things or people and how it is logically explained to others and how others logical rational can cause it to be changed.

Ti-Fe: What the self determines to be logically consistent and sharing it with the group to see how it is valued and how that reaction can cause it to be changed. 

If you think they seem similar then good, they should. They seem similar on the outside but work a little differently on the inside.Fuck! I was gonna make a vision joke. Not really about peace in my case but more about the world actually feeling alive. Sunshine and blue skies are overrated as hell. Of course not but that's not my point. Someone had already made a move on the idea so it doesn't really mean much if I were to add to it. It would just be as if I was following the lead. It was going to be an astigmatism quip but that ship has sailed. I can't get on my laptop right now so I'll just post the image. [Here](https://i.imgur.com/sxbEP1L.jpg) it is.Yes. Both types of intuition focus on the exact same thought content but they work in different ways. Intuition that is extraverted in attitude is focused on exploring/gathering new concepts while the introverted attitude focuses on refining/organizing already know concepts. Ne is connective by nature, one thing can lead to next and there doesn't really need to be relation between them. Ni is interconnective by nature, one thing connects to several other things due to their perceived relations. You'd probably read this and think "shit, man, I do both so how is that helpful?" It's not about what you can do because you can do it all, everyone can, it's about preference. Which do you naturally default to? That's the question to ask yourself once you have the right information. 

The same thing goes for sensing in terms of attitudes as well except sensing is focused on real world or factual information. It's 'concrete' and grounded in reality. 

u/mountainmembership. Just gonna tag the OP in this.  That was probably a DaveSuperpowers video. I love that guy and the work he and his partner are doing. They're putting reasoning to patterns I've been noticing in typology over the past year. This stuff is not complex, it's quite simple but we're all guilty of wanting to make it all so damn convoluted so one little type can account for who we are as individuals when it does not work like that. I kinda blame Socionics for that honestly lol it's the try-hard model(s) of typology. Cognition has to be simple, if it wasn't then type would dictate personality rather than just being a very basic tool that utilized to shape it and profiles would always be 100% accurate and in reality that could not be further from the truth. Ok so first if you think what you wrote is long... well stick around this sub because you've seen nothing yet. Your post is like a bump on a sidewalk compared to the great Wall of China that others post. 

Now, about your post, It's important to realize anyone can be people pleaser or be logical, that's not what you should focus on because those are character traits. What you're looking for is the motivation behind your choices. Start by asking yourself which broad preference do you default to? Values? Rational? Observations? Organization? One of those should seem more apparent than the others. 
Then you ask yourself how you go about that preference. 

If you think it's values then do you default to what society values as a metric for decision making? Do you default to what you personally value as the metric for decision making?

Is it rational? If so than ask yourself the same questions. Do you focus on your own personal reasoning as the metric for doing everything you do? Do you focus on the rational set by society as the metric for your choices? 

Perhaps your focus is on observing? Ask yourself what do tend to look for? Do you focus on the constant intake of the concrete facts of reality? Do you focus on the constant exploration of concepts and themes inspired by reality? 

Then there is organizing your perceptions. Do you focus on refining your observations of the concrete facts of reality? Do you focus on refining the themes and concepts you find that are inspired by reality?


Ignore all the convoluted profiles and type/function descriptions as they will only lead you down a never ending spiral of self-doubt. Look at what these preferences are in their most pure, basic form and judge yourself off that. Doing so will give you a system that is objectively trackable by yourself, and others regardless of who you are and where you're at as a person. Doing so will give you clarity in your observations of the self, clarity that was never there following other methods. You end up with a system that can be built around you as an unique individual rather than trying to strectch your own view of yourself to match a system. 
I don't judge by flair first, if at all, but I will judge it if the post is bland and even then it only happens with the INFJ flair. I tend to judge the INFJ flair as someone who is new or just a casual fly-by if their post has that stereotypical INFJ martyr-like zing to it. Other than that the flair might as well not even be there as far as I'm concerned. Point of least resistance aka the weakest unvalued function according to Socionics. Ok it's late so I can't really read it all right now so I skimmed. The first two paragraphs is actually not thinking at all, it's intuition. I'm leaning more towards the Se-Ni axis mostly because of the way you described your thought process in the first couple paragraphs. Also, I didn't notice any real indication of Fe-Ti axis, but moreso what appears to be an Fi orientation but that could be from personal development. Anyways, I'm gonna tentatively say you could be a gamma type (Te-Fi/Se-Ni types so NTJs and SFPs)Both form of intuition are very much about generation of possibilities, that's intuitions domian. The difference is the direction of the conscious flow of said possibilities. Ne generates outwards, away from the subject, generating more and more concepts and the origin point end up forgotten. Ni generates inward, organizing the possible until a single, most likely outcome is choosen, forgetting irrelevant options that pointlessly lead off. If there was an indication of Ne then I missed it, I did say I skimmed. 

An Fi Dom absolutely could explore formulas for art if it's something they'd value for themselves. These functions of thought are not limiting on behavior or capabilities, they are simply the cognitive motivation behind our choices. Ok, stay away from  behavior and emotion when trying to lock this down. Both feeling types do the same things. You need to look behind your choices and actions to figure it out. Allow me to give you a simple hypothetical here that should help illuminate the two.

You and a group of friends go to a restaurant and when the waitor gives out the menu he suggests the special. Would you be more likely to think...

a) You're not really interested in this, it doesn't even look all that good, probably won't like the taste either. Seafood? I mean come on. Besides, you already know what you wanted before opening the menu.

b) You look at the special but you're not quite sure what to think of it. You look to your friends and ask them what they think of the special and if they would even consider getting it. If it's good enough for them then you might as well give it a whirl. That could be an indication of a preference for extraverted feeling. Its all about making value based decisions that focus on the social spectrum. What value you find in something isn't as important for decision making as what the collective values. 

Fe-Ti is the focus on tribal values and reasoning of the self.

Te-Fi is the focus on tribal reasoning and values of the self. I don't think the point was to say that Fi doms do have objective power. Like you said wielding and evaluating power are two separate things. I think the point was that inferior Fi seeks objective power through the scope of Te to make up for what they lack in the power of agency in the self. Just saying that Fi=power is too broad, saying that inferior Fi=power fits better I think. Uhh it seems like you described Ni and Si respectively. That doesn't seem like extraverted perception at all. I'd imagine TPs being all over the place in punk rock and metal subgenres. A genre as broad as rock would be full of any type really. Punk rock specifically seems to be by TPs for TPs. So, so much logical critique of society and its issues.  The absolute madman. Tell me, do you wanna go to the town hall and loiter? Maybe step on the grass a bit? Grow. Then I have to cut it... stupid grass. Not inherently. No type is prescribed to behave in certain ways. However, you said you were an E3 so that would explain that desire. I don't know. I don't think this is the type of information required for typing. the It might end up with accurate results, it might not. You're using traits as fuel for analysis and the problem with that is anyone can behave in any way for any reason. Cognition is about motivation behind choices, traits, behavior etc. 

I'll just give you a brief run-down of each mode of thought. 

Te - Uses societally defined rational as the metric from which to form decisions. 

Fe - Uses societally defined values as the metric from which to form decisions.

Se - Desire to be present in reality to stay connected to real-time concrete information.

Ne - Desire to be present in reality to stay connected to real-time conceptual connections.

Ti - Desire to form unique-to-self rational systems that are used to form decisions.

Fi - Desire to form unique-to-self value judgments that used to form decisions. 

Si - Desire to mentally categorize concrete information so as to form an understanding. 

Ni - Desire to mentally categorize conceptual information so as to form an understanding. 

Some of these basic patterns should stick out to you as they would naturally occur for you in your daily life. You should be able to really recognize at least 7 of the 8 but two of them should stand out the most.ENTJ could fit, could be ESFP as well. If you were take a good look at yourself and ask which to more often default to, whether you enjoy it or not, which would it be? Ni or Fi? I default to Se alot but I don't care for it so I tend not to notice it. ENTJ could very likely be it then. Just try and observe yourself as you go through life, notice the patterns in your thoughts. Don't put any weight on any specific mode of thought in any specific situations as you'll just be forming a bias for that information. Take a back seat approach and just observe yourself and you'll begin to see your preferences. In the end only you can type you but a little help never hurts. No, thats a stereotype. It might be true most of the time but it certainly isn't true all of the time so its not reliable. The basic patterns behind the traits and choices of each type are true all of the time, regardless of the way an individual forms. I find it difficult to type him because so much of who is was programmed into him by ONI at a young age. I could see either IST types but perhaps I'd lean more towards ISTP. From what I know of John from the first few games and novels hes predominantly a rational type. Hes also highly improvisational and adaptive to whatever is thrown at him. Compare that to the more static and procedural archetype of the ISTJ and it just doesn't fit him. Why? Do you not? Seemed pretty spot on to me. "Life is about presence. Deal with it." Might one of the most Se statements I've ever heard, in both message and delivery. Its not a good time. I can tell you from hefty experience that it can take a major toll. You can't really lose touch with it, its always there and the desire to focus on it never stops, you just ignore it or refuse to act on it and when its prolonged it can ruin you. Its like cutting yourself off from the world, you lose perspective and get cought up in your own view of things and outside information, which would normally seem obvious, just seems to get lost. Its not a good feeling, getting lost in yourself to the point of losing a part of yourself. If you're asking this for yourself then I hope you don't allow yourself  to go down that road but I suppose since you're asking such a question that you must already be self-aware enough of it. If you were just looking for perspective well then there you go. It fucking sucks and its more heartbreaking to see it happening to others knowing full-well that only they can pull themselves out of it. It seems like common sense because to higher Se preference types like the SPs and ENJs its used regularly. As where if this video was viewed from a lower Se preference type it would seem like one of those "ohh so thats how that feels exactly" type moments. Those jokes you hear about INP and INJs walking into things or cutting off their attention to the world are based in reality because something like Se isn't exactly common sense to em. All of these are just a part of humanity but that doesn't mean all of them should be complex or hard to understand. All of these come together to form human perception and thought but that doesn't mean all of it is going to fit into everyone's natural preference. What seems like common sense or 'just humanity' to you might not be the same for everyone else. The point of these videos is to take these abstract things and give them simple, real word representation so everyone can grasp what they are regardless of preference.Because that is more or less what Se is. Its not complex, its not special, its simply just the observation of real world factual information. I can see the glass, I can touch the glass, therefore I know it's a glass. 

That portrayal of Fi wouldn't exactly be correct though as its more centered on emotion than value.You might like Socionics if you're looking for more complexity in these modes of thought. Over there its about what I already listed but that theory tacks a bit more onto it and its not wrong, its just extra. Over there its also about force of presence of the self in relation to the changing environment. I'm blind... I read Black Mirror for some reason. Thanks for pointing that out.Its a Socionics acronym which I believe stands for sensing-ethical-introverted. Feeling is refered to as ethics in Socionics.&gt; I feel like different types are aware of different facets of humanity, the world, and/or themselves.

That exactly right. All forms of cognition are about different parts of *human awareness*. In this case, Se, is about being present (in reality) like you said. It feels like a direct connection to the world so you see Se types looking around alot because its a manifestation of that connection. Se feeds into more than that though as its not just about being present, its also about presence, how you manifest yourself in the world under its current circumstances. What I mean by this would like the wind blowing and an Se type pushing themselves even harder into the wind to match it. That present awareness also isn't restricted to immediate surroundings. When Sensation is extraverted there is also an awareness of the world at large in addition to the individuals sphere of awareness. I don't quite know how else to describe this facet of it as I just know feeling.

&gt; I have known a few ISFPs and they are not necessarily aware of the world around them, but more so of their internal compass first and foremost.

Thats not why they are getting distracted. Fi-Se work in tandem so it doesn't matter if we're focusing on a moral concept/judgement, that connection to the world is still there. However, there often is a disconnect upon entering the Ni realm of awareness. I've had many many many instances where some value judgement or observation has led to a focus on ideas abstracted from them. It is in these cases where the real world disconnect occurs. Often times when I'm out on a walk I'll get into states like this and become disconnected from my awareness of the world. I know I'm moving along but I have no real awareness of what I had passed or things I saw along the way. Or if I'm interacting with some form of media and a thought is inspired I end up having to pause or I'll fall behind. Its all Ni that causes the disconnect but its inspired by Fi-Se so I can see how you'd think it be from Fi. No problem! The Ne-Si side of things is odd when thinking about it from the other axis. Ne is an outwardly aware function, its just not the same kind of awareness. With Se you see the object in relation to you and how you could interact with it as where with Ne its more about what connections the object inspires in you. Both explore reality but in different ways which is why Se types are very plugged in look around alot and Ne types love to talk about what they are thinking lol Its actually the Si side of things where the disconnect occurs but its different than with Ni. Rather than trailing off in pure thought, Si types tend to go off on... I guess wanna call them memory tangents? And get completely disconnected from their surroundings. It can be super interesting listening to an Si type go on and on about past experiences and citing factual information though. 

I know a couple of Ne types, my mother who I believe is an INFP (we actually tend to have the same reactions to things and my father has noted how similar we can be) and a friend whom I believe is an ESTJ. Both of them could walk into an empty room with nothing going on and just start talking and talking about whatever lol. In alot of ways it really is nice because things tend to not grow quiet or stale with them, conversations are always moving whether I have input or not. Try to get me to focus in on that style of thought and I just get totally lost or frozen up most of the time. Your awareness has changed, it has nothing to do with cynicism. Basically you grew up.

When you're a child life is dictated to you by outside sources like parents and teachers. When the weekend rolls around its suddenly about you so naturally you'd feel free and at peace and those days hold a magical feeling. Then you grow up and you're making your own decisions everyday and those special you-days during the weekend lose their naturally occuring meaning. Its up to you now to seek that meaning that came naturally as a kid. You're saying the same thing I said but in a different, more roundabout way. 

&gt; However, I came to realize just how fleeting that time was and still is. It got me to realize just how little you truly have to yourself compared to the ongoing turmoil that is life.

In essence, you lost your feeling of freedom. Life hit you and boxed you in, changed your perspective, robbed you of a part of yourself. When we're young we have more personal freedom but not much societal freedom. As you grow older that flips around, you lose bits of your personal freedom, your innocence, in exchange for growing up. Suddenly these things that meant so much become fleeting because your awareness changed - thats maturity.

&gt; You say to seek the meaning that came naturally from childhood. That didn't exist. It never did. I was just to ignorant to realize that saturday, in the grand scape of time, is evasive and meaningless. It's all pointless to me now since the weight of the future is always there.

It did exist within you but life stole it by changing your perspective. You can't lose what you didn't have so how can you claim it was never there? Ignorance is bliss. You grew up, you changed and life as you know it lost some of its magic. It is a loss of freedom in one way or another. 

Heres the thing about life, it in itself is utterly pointless, it happened because it could so it just did. It's sentient life that seeks and assigns meaning to anything and anyone in its scope. Its called agency or freewill (freedom) and you feel life has robbed it from you. Well, you won't find meaning in the world, its cold and heartless, so stop looking to it for meaning, you have to find the meaning in yourself and project it onto the world. Bend life over, shove its souless nature up its ass and live for yourself. Bits of that magic will creep its way back in or you may find new renditions of it, who knows. Ladies and gentlemen, the problem with character trait based typing! If someone isn't all that well developed they won't be able to type themselves via that method.

You're going to have to understand the core essence of these different forms of cognition, OP. That core essence is not effected by how people develope, it can be molded to anyone. You want to understand that core essence? Start by taking a look at the davesuperpowers youtube channel. The more recent videos will give you a clear view of it all. Then you come back to character traits and behaviors and see what does and doesn't fit you personally. No, I get that whole slow to action thing but as you already likely figured out, its likely the root cause of your problems like it is for me. The times when I force myself to take action are the most rewarding, hands down. Its sooo much easier to stand-by and rationalize away pursuing your vision because the future is scary and unpredictable and just enjoying the moment feels better right now. I've been doing that for far too long and at this point I'm fed the fuck up with it, it doesn't lead anywhere, I promise you. Its when I take action that feels better in hindsight, even if the outcome wasn't exactly desirable and the process was hard but that feeling at the end cannot be beat. You just have to define a goal, push towards it and do what you can to mold the ride into something enjoyable knowing full well that unknown complications will arise.Good luck to you. One last thing I will say is that going and doing something as simple as taking a long walk and thinking on a regular basis can do wonders for your perception. Get out of the whole Fi realm and primarily into your perception realm, it'll clear your head.Type doesn't change, it is a preference that you'll have your entire life. However, *you* change and thus begin to focus on different aspects of your preferences. Types rely most heavily on their dominant process while the middle two are also used alot and in early adulthood the tert could start to cause confusion as far as typing goes. Then there's the inferior, the process you hide from but inevitably start chasing later in life as you develop. More direct focus on the tert or chasing the inferior could lead people to believe they have mistyped. 

Lets say you are an ISFJ in which case as you progress you'd begin to chase Ne in your life. Perhaps you'd start to force yourself into more an exploratory frame of mind, chasing the novel and possible you perceive rather than only staying in the predictable and known realm of Si.

If you are an INFP you'd begin to chase Te, you'd be more decisive and active in pursuit of your goals, perhaps even more cold and rational. Maybe its not Te but Si that you've begun to focus on more and thus mistyped as an ISFJ. 

You should honestly ask yourself these questions: What do I focus on more? Making judgments based on what I value or organizing my experience in life so its predictable and reliable. Do I tend to focus more on novel idea as they come and go or do I focus more on my various social circles and the values that appear across them and how I interact with and adapt to them?

I would also like to point out that exploring emotion does not mean you're an Fi type. Both feeling attitudes tend to take theirs and the emotions of others into forming their judgments in whichever way that plays out. I feel I should add that Fe types *tend* to appear more emotional as utilizing emotion as a tool is effective for dealing with society. ISFP

I would probably have to say Dr. Gregory House whom I believe is an ENTP. I don't admire him as hes a horses' ass but I do like him for the same reason lol and I quite enjoy his story and growth. Idealization of stereotypes. I'd say its the calm, dispassionate and sometimes even misanthropic attitudes they tend to outwardly present. Rather than getting butthurt they keep cool or just move on. They also present themselves in a more worldly manner compared to the floaty INTPs which adds to the appeal. People glorify these traits because we all tend to highlight traits in others that we lack in ourselves. If people actually got to know people who are ISTPs, or any type for that matter, they'd realize they're just as shitty in their own way as anyone else. [This](https://youtu.be/fpXSOZ65TSo#t=12m26s) is the only basic function based description I know of. If the timestamped link doesn't work just go to 12:26.

I don't see why it wouldn't be possible. Any cognitive type could identify with any Enneatype. Leon from typetips, an INFP, identifies as a type 5. There have been a fair number of threads here where some feeler claims to identify with type 8 but are usually just met with contempt because its absolutely impossible for a feeler to be anything other than nice and considerate. If I rolled my eyes any harder I might go blind... Only the people themselves understand their motivations and thus only they can say which type they are regardless of enneatype. Indeed. To use my own type as an example I see ISFP descriptions everywhere stating how they are actively artistic this, emotional that and I'm like "Sure, if they're a 4 or a 9 but what about those who aren't?" Typology circles need to stop with the descriptive absolutes, a more general and open approach is just better. Splitting the view between cognition and Enneagram types rather than combining them into groups is a good way to start.I can't speak for other FPs but I am certainly agnostic. I don't believe core type changes, I believe people change and mold themselves based on experience. These changes may be interpreted as you having changed type completely but in reality I believe the ways in which they change revolve around their core self. Your core type is like home and no matter how many times you venture out into the world and how you adapt to it, you will always return back home and shift back into your normal self. 

Try as I might to outwardly change my actions and consciously alter my decision making process, I cannot escape my core self and its automated responses to information, I can only try and temper them. No, its not about emotional experience. You are right that its not about morals either. 

Thinking is about rational and Feeling is about values.

Morals, emotion, logic, intelligence, behavior, interests, etc. are all unrelated human factors. Emotion tends to fit nicely with feeling just as logic fits nicely with thinking but they are not directly connected. My bad, wrong word, meant rationale not rational. Someones reasoning does not have to be logically consistent. 

I get what you're saying about values but I still don't think they are emotional, they just tie in nicely with emotion. Some context would be nice for that study you mentioned. Why did they have issue choosing? Where they asked to just pick one or were they asked to pick one based on personal meaning? A value doesn't have to have meaningful impact on the individual, its just a personal metric used to make decisions. You can like something and assign it no emotional value at all because feelings and emotions are not the same thing. A psychopath can form values but they will be unable to assign any meaning to anything as that requires an emotional basis. &gt; I like ice cream

"ESTP"

I've been living a lie D: Naturally I would agree but I feel conflicted as years of interneting has awoken parts of me that would've otherwise stayed dormant. In person I seem kind but self-absorbed at times but inwardly I'm kinda cynical and judgemental and as far as I'm concerned its the thoughts behind the actions that show who someone really is for better or worse.Do... do you guys put the cookies into the ice cream... and like, eat them at once? Holy shit its like looking at myself in the mirror. I must really be an ESTP. This is all feeling, theres no Ti here so no worries. Ti, like Fi, is about categorization but its focus is on rational categorizing as opposed to feeling. 

What you speak of here is the difference between feeling orientations. In the moment you seemed to default to your preference, Fe, later you resort to Fi because there is no need for Fe. 

If you are an ISFJ then Socionics would say you'd also be very proficient at Fi but its not valued meaning when push comes to shove, Fe is going to be your cognitive response over Fi.I would prefer not to be in a city, period. I can visit one if I must but only if its to go to some specific place. As far as the dichotomies of my type goes, I would say its pretty accurate. I can respect the idea of a city in that its very sensible and full of options, I just don't like how crowded and unnatural it all feels.They represent the tears that constantly run down the faces of every INFP ever. 


^^^/sTwas a joke just in case you didn't know. Not everyone seems to know that /s means sarcasm.I can't help but think of Trump while looking at this lolThats still not gonna do anything for extraverted sensation. What the other user quoted is directed towards introverted sensation. Se is about presence of self, spacial awareness, action/reaction. Its a 1-1 connection between the self and reality, not focusing on the sensory impressions that reality inspires within you, thats Si.I don't really see how. I've watched videos from him before and he seems a bit confused between the two. Hes given an example of his 'poor' Si in one video except his example wasn't Si, it was Se. I think he kind of sees them as molded into one. I personally confuse the different forms of intuition from time to time so its understandable as far as I'm concerned. That would be sooo nice. I can't imagine being somewhere like that during the night where its so clear that you can see the Milky Way's bands. Light pollution really does blow. That ENTP image lol how do people come up with that kinda stuff?I get that, I just mean how? Where does the inspiration for *that* and things like [this](https://youtu.be/7zqeUSuRdrg) come from. Do they just suddenly think "holy shit guys! You know what'd be a good idea!?" and this kinda stuff follows? Theres nothin wrong with typing others as long as you aren't forcing your perceptions upon them. Be suggestive and helpful, try and guide them is all. If they believe they are something you disagree with, ask questions and get their perspective. The ways in which people behave don't always originate from thought patterns you'd expect.Organization? Lolno. Generally I have had an "out of sight, out of mind" mentality that I've been working to correct. I'm perfectly capable of orginization, I just don't enjoy it. What orginizing I do is minimal by which I mean rather than things having to go somewhere specific, I just tend to assign areas for things and leave them there. Whenever I do more proper orginization it feels good but after a while I just tend to feel meh about it and go back to business as usual.

When I'm in that similar state of mind as you described in your post I tend to move things aside and generally leave it like that until I've found what I'm looking for because that desire to find that thing drives me nuts. I typically don't really correct anything until after I've found the thing. Thats a nice description for extraverted intuition, thanks. I don't really think like this unless I'm alone and in a very relaxed mental state. I don't think its an S/N thing. In terms of the classical interpretation of extraversion, I would say perceivers in general can appear more extraverted than judgers. Moreso EPs than IPs but its still there once they relax. 


Its the NJs whom I believe carry the distant, introverted, and intuitive stereotype moreso than the NPs as Ne is active and exploratory. SJs are more focused in a solitary, introverted way compared to the observationally open SPs. Everyone needs social interaction to build healthy judgment, especially IP types. 

Both EPs and EJs fit the whole extravert archetype but in different ways. I just happen to think EPs fit into better than EJs. 

Archetypally EJs have that focus to affect the world to a certain end and be aware of the changing social/systematic environments but thats about the extent of it. EFJs can be quite expressive but with the intent to affect change.

Archetypally, EPs better fit the rest in my opinion - more outgoing because they are curious and exploratory, fit more into the desire to be center of attention because of the exploratory nature or can just ignore the effects of the attention for the same reason, can seem more generally expressive because they are more open to the world while complimented by Ji. 


I just think EJs are more contained than EPs and thus can seem more reserved or introverted. Slow internet can really irritate me for what its worth. I just have no patience for the slow-down. It would strike me more as an Se thing as its born of a direct focus on the world. I could also see it really annoying strong Te types as well. "Oh-no-not-this-again" XD accurate.I don't know if its just the angle in the painting but that incline is ridiculous. 

About 3/4 of the way down...


*It was at this moment little Timmy knew... he fucked up*


15 years later and little Timmy is coping with life as a quadriplegic and preaching to others to not be a dumbass. In the side bar to the right. You'll see your name with a flair option next to it. The option is only avaible on the web browser version, not a mobile app.&gt; Why isn't murder atleast an option ?

Murder is an option though, you're just likely to be punished for it in most cases.

&gt;  I really don't see any depth to love. Don't be dick or so the saying does. But we are all dicks to cows and flies. Why should I show any more deceny to another human, more than the amount that I show to a dog on the street ? We can't even handle mexicans, how the fuck are we going to handle aliens ! Frankly I also don't get - there is no Team Human. Just because I am a member of this species doesn't make me the spokesperson of it or lament on its futures. If snapchat kills brain cells, that's great for the Mr Zuck; he figured out how to milk teenagers. Frankly I think people should openly duel to death, like in the cowboy movies. 


I don't see how you can't see the depth to it or fail to see it as the answer because it is truly the only answer to the problem. Societally imposed rules can only take us so far because we are all individuals with unique circumstances. These circumstances rule our lives, force us to make choices based on our own rules and beliefs regardless of what the objectively defined rules state. We all live alone, we all die alone and we go through it together but in the end the only thing that truly matters is being able to live with ourselves. There is only one force powerful enough in each of us (mental issues permitting) to reach through these circumstances to a positive end and that force forever shall be love. Little by little it'll drive us to grow and evolve as we fight through our circumstances, assuming we can keep our shit together, so that we can reach the point where Human society is something like what you'd see in Star Trek. Food, energy, housing, clothes, etc - resources all out of devices that can be freely given to anyone and everyone thus allowing us to make up for the injustices we laid upon the world to get there. A society built around growth, love, cooperation and creation rather than competition, greed and violence. 

That being said, right now we don't have the luxury of being able to only apply the concept of love to *all* our issues. We need to survive so we can grow so that we will be in a better position to apply this concept to everything in the future. Right now that unfortunately means killing other animals, destroying the environment, and even mistreating each other so we'll have the history from which we'll learn and adapt. I'm not saying it's right but it is unfortunately necessary at this point. Could I go out and cut down a tree or shoot a spike into the head of live-stock unless I absolutely had to? Fuck no, I'd hate myself for it but I also realize it's necessary for our survival as a whole so it **must** be done by someone. It's because of these awful systems that we have in place that allows us the luxury to sit on our high horses and judge ourselves and the way we do things, it's the foundation upon which we are becoming better, little by little, as a species. 

If we didn't do these things for the betterment of our fellow Humans, if we only lived by our individually defined rules and morals, aka anarchy(one of the most dumbfuck and selfish concepts in existence), we'd end up on the forgotten dirt pile of history. Hell, it'll probably end that way regardless of how much we evolve if the universe ends but at least we wouldn't have gone out like complete assholes.

To be honest, even if we do manage to solve our issues here on this planet and then travel out and explore the cosmos, we'd likely end up eventually running to other species that we don't agree with and whole cycle starts again on a different scale. Life *is* war and love *is* ultimately the only real solution to it. 

&gt; If people want to commit suicide we should just make a happy pill for it and sell it at Mac Donalds. Rivalry is the essence of life.

Don't take this portion of the reply as me trying to shit on you or your views, I just don't want someone to read this whom may be in an unhealthy frame of mind and think that someone is giving the thumbs up to commit suicide, no not. at. all. Please do not take philosophical discussion in such a manner. Your life does matter whether you believe it or not and you owe it to yourself to seek help, to at least try before taking a permanent course of action because you are worth every bit of effort. There are loved ones out there whom want to help you and if not then there are still people out there who give a shit about you, your life and your future. People who will try their best to help you, you only need to seek them out. If you're still here you still must believe in yourself somewhere inside you. Please seek help.&gt; infj a riot (cracked me up)(what cartoon btw?).

That nightmare comes from Courage The Cowardly Dog if I'm not mistaken. Alot of weird stuff on that show lol INTJ, ESTP and ENFP all got a good chuckle outta me.Yeah, I don't blame you as it could get pretty creepy at times. I always kinda felt bad for Courage. You should. The thing you gotta ask yourself is which type of information do you naturally prefer to deal in? Star Trek: Voyager and Lost in Space. ISFPI don't believe there is any real proof that human cognition is structured in this way. I think everyone just goes along with the axis theory because it intuitively and anecdotally makes sense. 

When one thinks about what they value, one would then think about how to systemize the world and those around them in order to realize that value. In other words, Fi-Te. 

When one think in terms of universal logical constants, one naturally wants to apply it to society at large to see if it works and is well received. Ti-Fe.

When one observes reality around them and all its happenings, one would then try to predict likely causes and outcomes to fill in the blanks. Se-Ni.

When one perceives reality as a string of connections, one must draw from past experience to figure out the best course. Ne-Si.

Everyone thinks in these ways whether they are consciously aware of it or not. When we begin to see the patterns within ourselves we then attempt to systemize them, as we do with anything, to make these aspects of life more efficient and automated. Rather than leaving our thought process to the chaos of open internation, we streamline and then share our thoughts with others who then become cognizant of the same patterns. These trends just spread like wildfire because its easy and it makes sense so why bother with the time and attention consuming nature of the scientific method? 

It also doesn't help that this type of concept is so incredibly abstract and hard to track compared to the more behavioural-centric nature of the dichotomy approach. You can't provide the concrete proof needed to form an official theory so we all just go around grasping at straws, hoping to find something that makes sense because there is no official approach. Its a catch-22. The axis theory just so happens to be a popular one, the Grant stack another and then theres Jung or Socioinics and so on and so forth. They all share similar threads yet preach slightly different philosophies and some catch on more than others. 

Anecdotally I do believe in the function axis theory but, at the same time, I'm beginning to find it hard to believe that defined stacks are a thing. I think people have a couple of predominant preferences (the dichotomies) and the rest just sorta connect in and out as needed. Is this true? Fuck if I know :/ I think the truth lies in some kind of synthesis of bits and pieces from all these theories.Naw, don't its all good because it just fits into my point. Theres no proof that any one way is the right way. We all have our differing views and opinions because it cannot be objectively and definitively defined... at least not yet anyways. Well I don't mean to make it appear as if what I written is absolute fact, thats something I need to work on changing because I guess I do it alot. Its just that it anecdotally makes sense to me but I cannot deny that its not ironclad. I even stated at the end of my post that I find it hard to believe that these functions absolutely work in a given manner and that its more likely to be interchangable depending on the situation. 

Also, I don't believe that action through one end of an axis means there will be action through the other. I merely meant that thought from one end of an axis inspires thought from its opposite. Your first point makes sense to me as far as action is concerned but the cognitive motivation behind the potential for action is still there. 

&gt; 3. What if someone doesn't care about why things are the way they are, and are just content with what they observe? **Also, reasons for why certain things exists could be derived from Ti.**

I disagree. To my understanding the domain of Ti is on logical constants and classification through frameworks. Perceiving possible causes and outcomes of any given current or hypothetical situation is in the realm of Ni. Ti could supplement it once the most likely cause/effect is perceived by classifying it but the latter process is not its domain. Honestly I think the whole selfish stigma was born of confusion and it just sorta stuck. I think most mislabeled self-absorption as selfishness. They are not the same thing though selfishness can come from self-adsorption if it isn't balanced by experience with the world. 

Anyone whom puts more emphasis on Fi, be it FPs or TJs, will be more self-adsorbed to some degree and that is not a bad thing. Plenty of good can come of it if its balanced, like you said in your post, if an Fi type is emotionally mature they turn that inward focus into a positive force focused at others around them and society at large. 

Selfishness is absolutely a choice, a choice anyone can make regardless of type. If someone is selfish its likely due to life circumstances or lack of social experience or guidance, not cognition preferences. 

The same type of message could be geared towards Fe types with the fake and shallow labels. They aren't fake, they just genuinely care about the social environment and want people to feel happy and be comfortable. They are willing to forgo themselves to some extent to make sure everything runs smoothly. How is that fake? 

They are both just being who they are, they're just a different from each other. If someone is fake or selfish, it's only because they are maladapted for whatever reason. This. Very much this. It sounds great but then things happen before then that are kinda draining or maybe you just don't feel up to it and when the time arrives the "ohh shit" moment sinks in lol&gt; so one type shouldn't be singled out as the only unhealthy type?? unsure.

They are all equally unhealthy.

Types 4, 6, and 8 just stand out as being more visibly unhealthy compared to the other 6 types. 4s can be unbelievably obnoxious with their individuality as no one likes a temperamental, judgmental hipster, 6s constant worrying and catastrophizing can really bring people down over the littlest things, and 8s outward intensive displays of control can make them appear to be insensitive assholes. The other 6 types either hide their unhealthy nature within and indirectly show it to the world (3, 5, 9) or it is outwardly displayed in a more 'positive' manner so people either miss it or don't believe theres anything wrong with them at all (1, 2, 7). All 9 types can reach unhealthy states where their baggage is openly visible though.

All enneatypes at their base are unhealthy and the system is built in a way to make us aware of this so we can grow beyond the trap of our home type, into a more integrated person.Meh. Animals are pretty annoying. You can ask a person to leave you alone but not an attention whoring dog. I know. First dog I had was chill and I miss her very much. It wasn't until we had a couple of puppies that I started to prefer to not have dogs around. I think young me was right in my assumption that I more of a cat person. Ohh I'm aware. We have a cat here and shes a bitch cat lol but mostly they are tame and independent compared to dogs. I don't believe that this is because introverts use the internet more than extraverts. Everyone enjoys being social and the internet is a prime tool for socialization regardless of your mental bent. I think the only reason there is such near holy-like levels of regard on the internet for introverts is because of the way introversion is often portrayed in society. In a modern age where depression and anxiety run rampant something like the typical introvert label is reeeaally going to resonate with alot of people. Introversion falls prey to same issue intuition does with typology except its under different circumstances. Theres not a damn thing thats special about being introverted or intuitive, don't buy into the social circle jerks, we're all pretty equally interesting or uninteresting in the grand scheme of things. 

Just to clarify for someone who is perhaps new - cognitive introversion/extraversion is about the flow of your conscious energy, not whether you enjoy being socially active or alone per se. Introversion is like looking at a mirror in a manner of speaking, refecting the object back on the self and forming an impression(object meaning a person, thing, place, etc.) An example would be like seeing a car and rather than admiring the car for what it is, you focus on whatever it inspires within. "I don't like X thing about the car, it'd be better if it was like this..." Extraversion is the opposite, its like looking through a window in that its a direct 1:1 focus on the object itself without reflection. "Wow, that car is so cool, look at how fast its going!" One distances itself from the object and focuses on the effect it had on the self while the other zooms focus onto the object. The general content of thought changes depending on the cognitive process S/N/T/F but the general framework remains the same. 


So you can primarily be extraverted and enjoy doing your own thing or be introverted and enjoy being social but it may end up being a bit draining depending on what you're doing. The specific examples perhaps but not the general outline. When I say introversion is based on attention to an impression, I mean the focus is on the effect an object has on the self. The effect on the self *is* the impression. Extraversion ignores impressions and focuses on the object itself and its properties.

For intuition the focus is on forming ideas based on past experience with objects vs forming ideas based purely on present objects. For feeling the focus is on the self and the effects of the values it assigns to objects vs how values assigned to objects effect the world connected to the objects. Repeat for the other two groupings.

Of course this is all just to my understanding of it. I never realized how much I did this until reading this post. I don't do this for most things on reddit but I do it alot elsewhere. Its either a shitty and stereotypical Russian/French/Scottish accent or some mimicking of an alien character from a game I used to play alot. Its not a mind voice, I read them out to myself in those voices. If I'm just taking the words in then its no different from what you describe. Sometimes while reading something I get an impression of someone whom could have written it and the inspiration for reading it with a different accent just follows.  You could try [this](https://www.lyrics.com/) site. I've had success with it myself in the past. I can hear both. ...this is reddit. When do people ever need a reason to downvote? 


**HOW DARE YOU NOT AGREE WITH ME??!!!11!!!??!!1!! DOOOWWWNNN VOOOOOOTEE!!**I was raised on rock but I can give most types of music a chance. I tend to stick to rock/metal genres though, none in particular, just whatever strikes my fancy. I've had a thing for The Offspring for the longest time but then Within Temptation came along and blew that away. I don't know if type has anything to do with it but I doubt it does. I doubt mine constantly no matter what so I wouldn't be of much use as a statistic. I'd imagine it has way more to do with personal interests and development than type though. Janeway ENTJ? I haven't really bothered to analyze her but I don't think that would have crossed my mind. Sisko is an ETJ for sure but Janeway? 

Also Odo is the most ISTJ to ever ISTJ lolI don't see it that way but thats just me. Janeway just might be my favorite captain of the golden age three to be honest. I can't say whether her lack of logical consistency is from bad writing or that is just how they intended her to be. I choose to believe the latter. 

I don't see how Janeway can be an ENTJ for this very same reason. I think the reason for her inconsistency is because it comes down to a nature vs. nurture debate. Janeway by nature is a much more personal individual who would rather be lead by her curiously and values than a strict, ethical structure like you get within Starfleet. You can see Janeways true nature come through soooo many times throughout Voyager and how it creates conflict and inconsistency with her projected character. Unlike Picard and Sisko, Janeway's captain persona is not natural, its been drilled in by Starfleet and now that shes tens of thousands of light-years from Starfleet, it exacerbates that dichotomy. One moment shes a strict captain of a starship, the next shes her normal, personable self.  

I don't know what I'd type her as but it wouldn't be ENTJ. 
INFJ most attracted to ENFPs. I had an instant and deep connection with the two ENFP women I've dated. They prodded a lot but in such a way that I didn't mind at all (this is usually very irritating to me). They were generous, warm, and caring people. And both were incredible lovers.Sales in general seems like it would be exhausting. So, from an INFJ not in real estate, you likely won't find many of us there.Two things you cite as 'could be INFJ' that don't really seem INFJ  
- the INFJs I know, including myself tend to be decisive.  
- we don't hate how open we are about things as we simply don't open up (this is a very defining characteristic)My mother is an INFJ - as am I. She is an extremely loving and supportive person. Though she took more the approach of letting me do my own things and grow into an independant person. She would always be there when I needed it, she was just good and finding when I truly needed it vs when it just might make things easier. She is one of a only handful of people that now fully understands me. Most INFJs can be very difficult to read, but she can read me like an open book and always knows when I need a kind word. The one thing that really stands out with her is that she is slow to make promises and commitments. Mostly because once she makes one, she will keep it no matter what.Not sure just yet. He's only 8. But he's sociable as hell.Can confirm, I biteMight want to have that checked out.- I haven't had any moving violations and my only accident was from a kid running a red light (in 20 years of driving).  
- I love exploring and getting lost. This usually involves driving for at least part of it.  
- When I am commuting I am usually in the moment. I have chosen a route to work that is a really enjoyable drive. And I now view my commute as me time. Long distances I try not to daydream but it still happens sometimes.    
- My truck has a really good sound system and I enjoy listening to it. Before my truck I was kind of meh on music while driving.  
- See above. I usually view driving as me time. I used to have road rage, but don't really anymore.  
- INFJ   INFJ -&gt; INFJ -&gt; INFJ -&gt; INFJINFJ - I get very laid back and pretty much just go with the flow (which has led to interesting adventures).And we really like meeting ENFPs!!!&gt; Social functions are exhausting for them

Yes, they can be. But many of us still like to go out. Just need to make sure and schedule downtime afterward. I did date another INFJ once though that was really into shutting out the world. I found it odd by the end.Every personality type certainly has healthy and unhealthy people. Please realize that there is many INFJs that also find behavior like that gross, and we are very different than this. In my circumstance, I do not believe myself above or below anyone. I also firmly believe that emotions never give me an excuse for behavior - and I actively work with this with my son too.My bad. I should have noticed.  

one of us, one of us, one of us ..........We did a picture thing in the INFJ sub a short while ago. Pictures don't help as much as people are posing, but it may pertain to this a little https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/4m8jpb/faces_of_an_infj_part_2/ENFP. I have a thing for them to begin with. But I love how they can combine feeling with intelligence and then outwardly project so much caring.One of my close friends, who's also an INTP, is getting his house ready to sell in the next year. His goal is to live out of a truck camper. Which is find especially hilarious as he's pretty well off financially.I was an airline pilot for a while. In my career's class in college is when I was first introduced to MBTI. There has been a great deal of study done on the psychology and human factors associated with aviation and aviation safety. Through that, they have found people best suited to be introverted sensors - they specifically mentioned this to us as we were being typed in the career class. That being said, it's still very open to any type.Most INFJs I personally know, including myself, would take the delivery into consideration - but the message being accurately conveyed is the priority. Sometimes being harsh is the better approach.I've tried dating a few INFJs, and that didn't work out well.I find this stereotype funny. I have a good friend who's an ENTP. We have amazing conversations, and have fun experimenting with food together. But it's ENFPs I usually feel the deep connection with. Also - the downvote brigade coming at you is just dumb.Much longer than the quote you likely intend, but I frequently read Desiderata and reflect on how it pertains to my life in that moment.INFJ. I've reached the point in my life where I am happy with me. I wouldn't change that.INFJ Here  
Best: ENFP. Currently dating one. I always feel the deepest connections with ENFP women.  
Worst: ENFJ. It would seem this could work. Not so much.  1) INFJ. I am sure  
2) 36  
3) Mother INFJ. Father is likely an INTP  
4) Creative Director.  
5) Yes. She's an ENFP  
6) Yes - 8 year old. Not sure on type yet. But he's very outgoing and sociable.  
7) Yes. I get very laid back when drinking.  
8) Weed is legal where I live. Partake about once a month.  
9) Gotham, Silicon Valley, Game of Thrones, most of the Netflix original programming. I like shows that make me think or are difficult to predict.  
10) I study Buddhism but don't consider myself religious. INFJ. I'm open to trying new things but generally I like to keep things more simple and straight forward. I can have a difficult time keeping my mind in my body and generally don't like distractions.&gt; and it doesn't sound fun

Life is still very interesting and fun. I don't think this gets in the way of that.The sub has evolved into a place for venting (which has it's place and I can appreciate). I have several other INFJs in my life. We are all pretty content and happy. I think part of what you're seeing might stem from INFJs taking a long time to grow into their adult/happy selves. It wasn't until my early 30s that I learned how to be content with life.INFJ - MLK, Ghandi, Noam Chomsky (maybe INFJ) INFJ. For dating I like ENFPs. For hanging around with I like INTP and ENTP the most. INFJ   
Body Movement, Self, SpatialAfter your morning constitution. I give myself time to feel it (usually plan on being outside for this). And then I work out and implement a plan to stop feeling it. Only those close to me can tell when I am sad, I usually don't show it unless I am in private or with someone I really trust. I also avoid alcohol when I am feeling negative emotions as it usually just makes them worse.Said I was an ENTP. Ummmmmm ............Verbal-Linguistic  -  INFJINFJ/M 

Heartwarming: recency puts this more to the front for me. About a year ago I was going through a divorce. Having drinks with one of my friends and out of the blue he says "I am proud of the way you are handling and getting through this." That helped a lot more than I expected it to.I'm at the point where I don't see anyone as above or below me. I also finally feel the phrase "what others think of me is none of my business." Since getting to this point I've not come across a person that is intimidating to me. 

I've seen Extroverts have an odd perception of Introverts. I like life. I am not some meek person that disappears into a shell. I am probably as adept or more in social situations than most extroverts. I just need periodic time by myself. I began this week with a 3 hour hike by myself. This being said, most of the people close to me are intuitives (mix of introverts and extroverts) - I can only take extroverted sensors in small doses as they can at times be extra exhausting. I don't want people confiding in me unless I've known them for a while and they are close to me. And yet it often happens. I need to learn how to project apathy. And to hell with talking about pop culture - best to just not come my way.Where I buck the mold for an INFJ  

1) I'm not too concerned with harmony around me. If people want to fight that's their problem.  
2) I like being sociable. I frequently host events and parties. I just make sure and schedule downtime afterward.  
3) I am super laid back about planning. I have a set idea of what I want to get done each day. I don't like attaching time frames to it.  
4) I've learned to have a thick skin when criticized. It was an adjustment period for my new career. But now I take criticism as people trying to help me find the best solution.  INFJ http://imgur.com/oKDefEKI see the potential too much in people. And have too many times put more effort into people than was wise.1) Will Graham (Hannibal)  
2) Ricky Fitts (American Beauty)  
3) Linda Zwordling (Better off Ted)INFJs - boundaries are important. Conflict is ok.Some good, some bad, and some cringe worthy.I understand the HSP part of it. Not so much of the other cringy stuff though.I test INFJ the majority of the time but I have tested as an INTP a couple times.Far more easygoing on the inside than what is apparent to people. I am approachable to some, but many also find my intensity off putting at first (until they get to know me).I have noticed that difference too. INFJs online are often unbearable. I know several INFJs, and most are much more tolerable to be around. Of the INFJs I know all are older than 30 and now exude caring confidence, with no hint of the special snowflake b.s. I have two ENTPs close to me, and I like both of them a lot.pfffft, details .......I can go about 3 months without sex or intimacy before it starts to have a noticeable impact on me. This hasn't happened as much in my adult life. When I'm in a relationship, around twice a week is about right.&gt; they still tumble and stumble like average human being

Shhhh, I've been told there might be pedestals. Don't let them know we're just people.I become rather gregarious and outgoing around those I am close to and love. Though I can also go quiet and solemn on them sometimes too. Basically, when I am comfortable with people I bring my feelings to the surface.This hasn't been an issue for me since resuming dating after my divorce. But then I'm likely more assertive than most INFJ males. You'd be surprised how effective just being confident and direct with women is.http://m.imgur.com/7HkfpX1?rINFJ - 2016 Nissan Frontier - quad cab. My previous truck (RAM) was really bad as a primary vehicle. I went looking for a more practical every day vehicle while also wanting to still have access to a truck bed every so often. My Frontier has a short bed, so it doesn't get in the way when not in use a large chunk of the time. But then it has a bed extender for when I need to use it for working.  

We have pretty shitty winters where I live, so it's nice having a vehicle that kind of shrugs it off. And I have lots of the comfort options added - so it's nice for every day commuting and driving. This is the first new vehicle I've purchased. I would have gone with used, but Frontiers were holding their value so well in my area that there wasn't a big financial advantage.It took me longer to get to this point than it appears it will take for you (early 30s for me). I no longer consider it noble to put other's needs before my own.   

I do think this the natural maturing of an INFJ. As others have said, this seems to be Ti development. But it is also learning to temper your Fe. Learning that harmony doesn't need to be the driving motivation in people interactions. 

You will find some will leave your life as you mature and start holding your needs equal to theirs. Those people were only ever going to be temporary anyway.I doubt any type has better/worse imagination than others. Though I have a feeling high stack intuitive users likely spend more time in their heads.Mmmmm, yummy souls. I like mine with a dash of hot sauce.This would very much be an individual thing. But from an INFJ perspective, I can second what /u/chepuller has said. But thank you for thinking positively of us.Works that:  
1) aren't predictable   
2) have valuable lessons or insights      
3) make me evaluate my perceptionsI like to follow it a bit. But I think of paranormal less of a spiritual/religious side and more as stuff we haven't explained with science yet.WeirdI've noticed ENFPs are often more quiet, and take longer breaks from socializing than I do. I do think this comes back to the MBTI definition of extroversion/introversion mentioned in one of the top comments on this post - it is more where our primary function draws from. Towards the socializing end of things, I've heard it said (not sure if true) that ENFPs and ENTPs are the most introverted of extroverts.Sounds more like a mature man than anything.INFJ. I'm a pretty good cook. I'm good at taking pictures. I like to play disc golf and tactical board games. I study philosophy and contemplate the meaning of my belly button. I'm getting back into flying - it was my first career, this time around I'm just doing it for fun.I'm an INFJ and eat meat. One of my hobbies is smoking meat. I do have issue with the husbandry practices at large commercial meat producers - and the suffering they cause. For this, and the significantly better quality meat, I source my meat from local ranchers who are committed to humanely treating their animals. I have no issue with the ethics of it when the animal has one bad day, but the rest of their life is generally good.I don't have a BFF. Of my friends, I have three that I freely and openly confide in without hesitation. Two are INTPs and one is an ENTP.Not really. Things usually come to me in the moment.When I'm processing new information I tend to stop seeing with my eyes and stare into space. It apparently weirds some people out.&gt; Wtf do I do here, help me

You don't need help. Just keep being the awesome you!I don't think there is a 'very close' between INFP and INFJ. We share many of the same quirks, but are pretty different in our function stacks.http://imgur.com/oKDefEKYou have the I and F in the correct spots.Got it!Bon Iver songs in general. My shower and work music right now.[Sexy Unicorns] (http://www.humoar.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/real-unicorns-have-curves.jpg) It's funny how we often share quirks with INFPs. But in person, I also tend to frequently clash with them.1) I don't like surprise parties and wouldn't inflict it on another.  
2) If going abroad is also a goal, I would combine the two.  
3) Yes, but generally with smaller groups.  
4) I'm a big fan of most things that resonate with, or enlighten us on, the human condition.  
5) Not generally  
6) Just need to find someone to watch my son and dogs first. Then hell yes.  
7) Think then do  
8) Cooking, photography, tactical board games, disc golf, getting back into flying eventually.Pretty close. You hit the presence of two functions well.INFJ is correct.r/ENTP - entertaining and often good for a laugh. And it's a nice break when r/INFJ is getting to far into feels. I also go to r/ENFP sometimes, I just like ENFPs.I do wish it wasn't associated with INFJs. It is a poor coping mechanism and is the tactic of immature people.INFJ. I am generally clothed, but also don't mind not being clothed.A little over 5 months into relationship. Around 50% now with the goal of more as we continue to get to know each other.Yep. One of my main motivations each day is to live a life without regrets. I make decisions based on this and it has had a nice impact on my life. It took my divorce for me to examine a lot of things - and then get to the point where I am now.Are you the best at being humble?How to have a creepy gaze.And each time you say it, it becomes less relevant. My Type: INFJ  
Current SO: INFP  
Past SO: ENFJ, ENFP, ENFP  
Closest Friends: INTJ, INTP, ENTPHow do I take care of this itch.......INFJ  
1) I enjoy the perspective of seeing everything as a connected whole (Ni).  
2) I am content in either a group of people or by myself.  
3) Being naturally in tune with other's emotions makes working with people easier - though also tiring at times.  
4) I am decisive - don't know if this is inherent with other INFJs, but I seem to remember it being brought up for us.  
5) It is fun chasing thoughts and ideas from other people and helping them expound on them.I gift that shows you pay attention to what I like is appreciated. That and I like gifts where there was obvious work put in from the gifted. Other than these two things I would rather not receive a gift.INFJ. I have a 9 year old son. I am good with having one child.INFJ. The Ni part. No doubt for me that it is my dominate function. After a fair amount of reflection the function stack on an INFJ lines up well for me - so there really isn't a function I am least sure of. I was not as comfortable being me until my mid 20s. After growing into knowing who I am and becoming truly comfortable with myself, I am happy with being an INFJ.INFJ - 7/8It's all good. With so much sparkles and sunshine written about INFJs, occasional shit posts are needed.Center-left moderate social libertarian. https://imgur.com/a/U4lT33ish most of the time.INFJ - and the voice won’t shut up.INFP - Girlfriend  
ENTP - friend  
ENFP - friend  
INTP - friend    
INFJ - Mother  Too cool for the weird kids, too weird for the cool kids.I remember seeing a post that had reference to rates of very intelligent people among each type. It got me to thinking today though - could intelligence levels be a factor in how our function stacks develop? 
I'm friends with many S types, but I think I get along much better with N types. Granted, the N-bias is all too real and I don't want to exacerbate that, but I have to admit I find myself often bored with or misunderstood by people that don't know how to play with ideas, thoughts, analysis, and symbols. Two of my best friends are ESFJ and ESTP; no clue how they deal with me.

Similarly, I don't think many S-types are fans of my absent-mindedness, sensitivity to noise and brightness, and slowness to act. I do feel like most people are S-types, which can feel a little isolating, so for that reason, I gotta love my fellow N's. Ne types feed me, and Ni types (like me) help me chew and digest. I think you sound like an almost definitive INFJ. Needing that perfect balance of people to be with and analyze (5 or 6 is a good limit), worrying how you may come across to others, and reading to gain new perspectives with which to broaden your worldview all sounds very INFJ to me.I feel that; I'm an INFJ who also feels not quite in control of his Fe. I've questioned whether I may actually be an INTP or an INFP, but I don't think I have Ne-Si and I definitely don't use Fi. For me at least, I think I have to work on my Fe a little bit, as I have huge difficulty in being intimate with people. It may be the same with you, but I can't really say. One of the reasons I'm so confident is that Ni captures my waking state like no other function. The rest sort of follows suit from there.

EDIT: Also lol @ your lower comment explaining that you're a programmer hesitant to enter corporate reality; I'm in the exact same position. I'm good at it, but I don't think it's what I want to do, so I've begun writing and filmmaking to fill in that humanitarian gap.

EDIT #dos: To differentiate between INFJ and INFP, try to discern what emotions you're experiencing at any given moment. An INFP typically knows what he/she feels and is in touch with his/her moral center. An INFJ on the other hand will likely have a lot analytical approach to his/her own feelings that don't manifest until articulating them in speech or writing.**BoJack**: *ENTP*

This is almost unquestionable for me. His entire goal to do Secretariat is the embodiment of an Ne-Si axis. He wants to make meaning in the external world using memories that are important to him. His inferior Si can get out of control, however, when he tries to recreate his past, like chasing after Charlotte, binge watching Horsin Around, attempting to parent Sarah Lynn.

He considers methods of making himself liked and loved, including releasing his memoirs and pursuing an Oscar--classic Ti-Fe. His conversation with the manatee where she repeatedly asks him why he wants an Oscar and he eventually says "So I'll be remembered," captures this well. His logical motivations are for people to love him.

He's more extroverted than introverted in my opinion, but that's harder to support than the rest. I see him as one of the ENTP icons in current television next to Saul Goodman.


**Todd**: *ENFP*

This is pretty clear to me too. Todd's personality is based on wacky logical leaps and zany ideas (Shenanigags, Halloween in January, FaWaffle, Smoodies, etc). His entire discovery of BoJack's sabotaging his rock opera was a hilarious use of Ne in using the web of pictures, in contrast to the more internal use of Ni. I haven't seen much inferior Si other than maybe his recreation of Disneyland, but I could perhaps notice some on a rewatch.

His angry reactions to BoJack at the end of Season 3, his general exuberance, the "Hoorays," and his fun friendship with Mr. Peanutbutter all hint Fi to me. Even his rock opera seemed to detail the trials of an intergalactic farming society avoiding becoming slaves, which is admittedly not the strongest evidence of Fi, but a possibility nonetheless. His personality also constantly reminds me of Aang's from Avatar: The Last Airbender, who is a portrait of an ENFP.

I have to say that I'm a little taken aback by people thinking he's an S-type, notably an ISFP. I don't see how he in any way resembles an ISFP; I don't even see how he *can't* be considered a dom Ne user. The wacky ideas that he has all *scream* Ne to me. In fact, this propensity to type Todd as an ISFP or an S-type in general seems like a touch of N-bias since Todd "isn't as smart as an N-type." It's ridiculous; his Ne-ness is right there for all to admire.


**Princess Carolyn**: *ENTJ*

EDIT: Revised after replies

Not quite sure about this one overall. Her Te-Fi axis is on display most clearly when she tells Diane that she compulsively takes care of others because she doesn't know how to take care of herself. She takes swift action to ensure that her clients and friends are taken care of, even if she doesn't do so in a typically nurturing way. Her physical attack of BoJack in "Best Thing That Every Happened" seemed like a straight up Te-Fi response; taking physical control of a situation in which she's not quite emotionally equipped. 

This isn't even mentioning that we also constantly see Te rather clearly in her carefully scheduled work life. However, I'm not really sure if I can apply this axis to her relationship with Rutebaga, as I've always seen her dynamic with him displaying more Ti-Fe than showing the vulnerability that I associate with Te-Fi. I'm also not sure whether her preventing her assistant from being promoted in "Old Acquaintance" is something that someone with low Fi would do, but I'm open to hearing other opinions about it.

I can see Ni-Se in her deciding how people will fit into an external system, i.e. connecting Diane with Stefani Stilton, deciding roles for BoJack like *Flight of the Pegasus*, planning and scheming in general, and her wry and sarcastic sense of humor.


**Diane**: *INFJ*

Her decision to go to Cordovia is Ni-Se at its core, where she chooses to experience a new part of the world to further her worldview. As an INFJ myself, I can attest to inferior Se manifesting as the fear of forgoing living life to the fullest. Also, some of the more painfully relatable INFJ parts include her not liking parties because she doesn't know what to do with her hands, and her introduction to BoJack in the first episode of the show.

Her lengthy throwaway description of Sarah Lynn to BoJack in Season 1 is Ni and Fe working together impressively. Her initial avoidance of BoJack in season 3 shows Fe-Ti; she knows that spending time with someone that toxic won't be healthy for her. In general, her career as a ghostwriter screams Ni+Fe, and I don't think anyone would doubt that she's an introvert.


**Mr. Peanutbutter**: *ESFP*

I don't think anything captured this better than when Mr. PB needed to find a job in Season 2, so he decided to just walk down the streets with an open mind and a positive attitude. That's Se-Ni at it's most controlled. His speech to Diane at the end of Season 1 that the point of life isn't meaning but distracting yourself with pointless nonsense is a less controlled version of Se-Ni, despite his calmness that scene.

His anger against BoJack for personally slighting him by kissing Diane and mistreating him in general during "Let's Find Out" is definitely aux Fi. His general excitement mirrors that of Todd, whose Fi is just as pronounced.Yeah actually now that you mention it, that makes a lot of sense. Her statement "I compulsively take care of other people when I can't take care of myself" is classic Te-Fi. Plus, her physical fight with BoJack in Season 3 seems a lot like Te acting on behalf of damaged Fi. I can see her biting humor as Ni-Se too.For whom?To be honest, I myself am sort of unclear as to how Fi works and manifests. When I think about his arguments with Diane ("Just because your family is screwed up doesn't mean mine is" or something like that), it seems a lot more like Fi-Te than Fe-Ti. Also, he is better at identifying his feelings in therapy than Diane, which I could construe as Fi being in touch with its feelings whereas Fe needs time to identify them externally.

I think the most convincing thing for me is that I see Mr. PB as having strong Se-Ni, and I don't see him having Ti-Fe, as he appears to have a strong moral center (although I may be wrong). So by elimination, I see him using Fi-Te. Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong!I could see these except for BoJack. I don't think he buries himself in his own feelings; an INFP as a dom-Fi user would have more control than that. Plus, when I think of Fi, I think of him having a strong moral center, which he certainly doesn't have. An INFP--even an immature one--probably would not sleep with Penny or sabotage Todd. Fi wouldn't tell Penny "You think you know what you want, but you don't"; it would say something more to the effect of "No, Penny, I'm not okay with this, it feels wrong."

I see BoJack's Ti when he bullshits an "apology" to Neal McBeal the Navy Seal using the stale hamburger buns. Plus, BoJack is conscious of a lot of the logic for his actions. There's a joke where PC tells him something about celebrity culture, and he goes off excitedly saying, "You're right! Nothing is my fault because it CAN'T be my fault because we're all just products of this massive Hungry Hungry Hippos game of our cruel universe!" (Or something like that.) That just seems very Ti to me, even if it is a joke. And there are plenty more one-liners like that one.

Also when he sleeps with Wanda but struggled to identify why he wants to continue hanging out with her resembles some Ti and tertiary Fe playing together. He has to vocalize his feelings to know why he's feeling them.

I say he's an ENTP and not INTP because I think his desire to recreate his past (Si) is more of an Achilles heel to him than public opinion (Fe).Not sure I agree with your BoJack typing https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4xfbv0/comment/d6ffygy"In fact the specific difference is that a ENTP will consider the options but an ESTP will create a test to determine the truth."

That was actually an eye-opening description.**Being this warm and accommodating ball of sunshine to everyone.**

I get easily frustrated when people reject my ideas, i.e. if I suggest a new TV show to a friend and they don't like it or get it, or if someone cancels our plans last minute, etc.

I'll also bristle when someone makes a callous judgment while discussing a topic I'm sensitive about, like mental health. A few of my friends were casually condemning suicidal people as selfish and useless, especially given the "plethora of resources" at their disposal. Fuck the "group harmony," I tore em new (matching) buttcracks for their misguided soapbox ranting, then proceeded to watch *Boyhood* frustratedly in my room.

Sometimes I get depressed hearing other people's problems all the time because I know that they will likely never understand mine the same way I understand theirs. I also have a very dark sense of humor.

These aren't unique to me; many (if not most) INFJ's feel this way. In fact, this probably isn't surprising to anyone. But the stereotype itself of being this "perfect, humanistic, and hugging" stereotype just seems way off and gross as hell. Ever watch *Avatar: The Last Airbender*? It's a story about a bald 12-year-old ENFP who saves the world from mass colonization.Definitely see Ni. Unequivocally. Inferior Se picks up objective details and appearances while Dom Ni assembles them into an impression, or the "type of person" that you feel.

I do this a lot; its a strangely gut-heavy and also analytical way of thinking. But I love it.My INTJ friend and I love all of Tim and Eric. Ba'hee Prissdimie. Daydreaming is my default state; prob the Ni working. Especially if I've been bombarded by sensory input, my inferior Se will shield itself behind my strong Ni. So I often think about the meaning of everything going on around me and end up losing touch with reality for a while.

This isn't even including the wretched Ni-Ti loops, those finicky bastards.I always saw Alice as an ENTP given her rambunctious attitude and consistent mingling with absurd, abrasive characters. How did you see her as INTP?You've sold me. I love this answer. Understanding it through inf-Fe sold me, particularly because I remember all the social faux pas that Alice made. Plus, I remember that her original goal was to reach the garden, which I guess wouldn't be her goal were she an ENTP.

In any case, I find NTPs fascinating, sexy, and hilarious (Alice is ~7 so maybe just fascinating and hilarious). The story would have been very interesting had Alice been an ENTP in a world of ENTPs. Is the Mad Hatter an ENTP as well?Can't tell whether OP truly hates Ti doms or is just trolling to bring em out in the open, guns ablazing. Because now I have an even better appreciation for Ti.

Probably the first one though.
You and I both. Just because someone doesn't feel impacted by hateful ideologies does not mean they get to dictate to other people that their experiences of the same thing are somehow less valid.

My blood boils and I literally (I mean in actuality I do this) clench my teeth when I hear someone complain that people are "too sensitive" these days. I feel like it stems from the old stigmas and ignorance around mental health. They don't like that their freedom to offend and impact someone's emotions negatively is being tampered with.

I speak from experience when I say I know for a fact words hurt, and they even made me feel like I deserved to die on more than one occasion. I'm not "too sensitive" and I didn't need to "just man up", it's people that go around spouting whatever they feel like saying that need to be more considerate and aware of how their words affect other people in incredibly deep and often invisible ways.

Nothing brings out my deeply buried, well guarded, and very rarely unleashed INFJ rage more than the disadvantaged, oppressed, or fragile being told they need to stop feeling their feelings because they're not good enough. Damn that really pisses me off.Didn't really fit with any particular clique. Hung out/ate lunch with whichever one I felt like that particular day.

Didn't have any enemies, got along well enough with everyone.

Had a lot of acquaintances, but only about 3-4 friends and they were close-practically-family-type-friends.

Went to football, basketball, and volleyball games not for the sport, the school, or the team, but rather out of deep desire to engage in authentic experiences with the people I cared about. It seemed to satisfy that goal well enough.

Got shit grades, but not because it was difficult. I had undiagnosed ADHD at the time and concentrating on schoolwork when literally anything else is around is fighting a losing battle. I was far more interested in making and listening to music than what Atticus Finch was up to in the next chapter of To Kill a Mockingbird. That's still my biggest passion to this day.

Really connected and had a good relationship with 3 different teachers, who I firmly believed helped change my life for the better.

I preferred to stay home and play video games with my close friends rather than do any partying, but if I was invited I felt obligated to show up, so I would for as little time as possible so I could get back home. I usually enjoyed myself, but got drained mentally pretty quick with all the other loud-mouthed high schoolers around.

Didn't have any relationships, nor did I pursue any because I was (at the time) a closeted bi with a preference for boys at a Catholic school. That lead to me feeling isolated and afraid I'd be hated for being myself, so depression, self-esteem, and suicidal ideations were a daily battle for 4 years. That may have played a major role in my hesitance to make new close friends and attend social events or dances even as part of a group, but I suppose I'll never know for sure.

I'm pretty much the same now, except for I'm open about my bisexuality, so I'm in a better place mentally, but I still deal with depression and anxiety issues. In recent months I've even begun to make new friends that I can legitimately see letting in to my inner circle of close friends soon.

So yeah, that was/is me. :)

Also, happy cake day OP! :D

**Edit:** *Nothing changed, just adding in that I'm now 21, it's been 3.5 years since my high school graduation.*21/ M, INFJ whazzup?
I guess they mean arrogance as in "I know better and there is nothing you can do to convince me otherwise." 
My sister is an INTJ and currently doing some missionary work in Italy. Here's a possible incorrect stereotype for INFJs: I don't want to be a 'special snowflake.' What the heck. No. I feel alone all the time and want people to understand me but between my communication and *somewhat* complex thoughts, they don't. By nature of INFJ being a rare type, I suppose I am "unique" in that sense (except 1% of the US population is still over 3 million...), but I hate being misunderstood. It just...really sucks? Maybe when I was younger I would have found this to be 'cool,' but really it was more of a comfort to discover that I'm an INFJ in the sense that it helped me feel less alone.I like several Pixar movies (grew up with Toy Story 1 and A Bug's Life), but as far as emotional connection, only Inside Out has done it for me, although that may be more related to depression than personality type-- idk.Hello! I'm not an INTJ, but my sister is, and as an INFJ, I also have inferior Se (but not Fi).

My understanding boils down to that when I'm stressed out or in an unfamiliar environment, I'm very clumsy. My sister has the same understanding of inferior Se as it manifests in herself. I don't *think* inferior Se works quite the same as tertiary (aka relief) Se. For example, my own relief function is Ti, and I can use it soooooo much better than Se. No. It is not at all possible in space.I assume you meant INFJ, not INTJ? INTJ has extroverted thinking as auxiliary and introverted feeling as tertiary.I read the whole thing- definitely printing this out and reading it to a large group of people who can't escape at every opportunityI read your entire comment-- does this mean I'm special ._.So sorry OP :(

I have felt like this before. Having strong Fe and not much in the way of social skills --&gt; caring a lot about every person I meet and them being creeped out. I've since learned to tone it down, but I don't think that's what you necessarily need to do. If she needed her friend to threaten you and you were just having a normal conversation...what the heck? She probably has a history with something like this, and it sucks but you just have to leave her alone :/

Don't let it stop you from caring and being friendly, though! The world needs more people like you.This is a really helpful explanation, actually. I've been thinking about this a lot lately, why there aren't 8! - 4! types instead of just 16. Great as a funny intro to the functions!quote from first post I clicked on: 'i'm infj so my fe ni made me understand cat death'

this is goldThis sounds like it would correlate with Ni (and possibly Ne, but I have Ni so I know more about that) and maybe Fe as well. Anecdotally, I'm overly-conscientious and tend to assume the worst when people are usually like 'oh it's no big deal, stop worrying,' and then when I think it's no big deal...yeah. Actually the example you gave of being late I can relate to super well, because I'm usually 30 minutes early to my shifts at work, and everyone else is punching in late, and then the one time I was fifteen minutes late due to heavy traffic (and I called and let them know), my boss flipped on me when I thought it would be no big deal. Idk man, I'm just rambling here. I'm now ALSO wondering if this has to do with my Ni getting messed up by inferior Se when in new situations. Anyway, this is all probably stuff that lots of peeps can relate to in different circumstances since we have the exact opposite functions lolzguys I think maybe the killer is

^hey ^guys

^^guys

^^^^umxSTPI, too, make noise in the restroom to hide the shame of others

I never knew other people did this ;_;:DI have this terrible, gnawing feeling that this isn't a jokeI'll acquiesce for a time, but ultimately will inspire millions to dethrone you by showing them the real adventure was the friends we made along the wayI know you already find me insufferable before even reading my comment, but what a terrible, far-reaching thing to say about roughly a fourth of the world's population. And most ESFJs are mistyped words on an old typewriterLet me fix that for you:

"Improving on tradition is fraught with difficulty."
Te. I appreciate that it has a useful purpose and is necessary for the greater working of people and society as a whole, but god, it's so uncomfortable and exhausting to navigate. That's probably because the cases where it's most noticeable come with a side of heavily-repressed Fi. The type of people where they are so determined to be divorced from their feelings that they become the most emotional (and unpredictable) people in a group; it drains my energy like nothing else.

Te does wonderful things that I admire and can never emulate, but it is so beyond me, that it feels like navigating a mine-field. That's all my failing, not theirs.INFJ. You are right, many Te-doms can take other people's styles of feeling and thinking into consideration. It's the ones who don't that drive me batty :)
Fi vs. Fe isn't more or less value, it's just a very different kind of value. By Fi standards, Fi naturally looks more authentic and deep because it tends to focus on the most important people to the user and particularly on connecting with them as they (and the Fi user) actually are. If I'm not mistaken, Fe from the outside often appears superficial, conformative, and inauthentic because the Fe user isn't readily sharing themselves as they actually are, but changing and adapting to fit expectations, and because Fe doms in particular try to meet everyone's needs and expectations, and seem to lose themselves and (by extension) individual relationships in the process. 

By Fe standards, Fe seems much more authentic because, among other things, the value of the relationship is much more often evidenced by visible action. Shakespeare's "They do not love that do not show their love" comes to mind. To an Fe user, Fi seems to assume everything is fine and do nothing, which looks like a lack of value. The question for Fe dominants becomes "Why would they need so much space away from me if they really care? Maybe they really don't care much." OP's use of the word "unenthusiastic" is a perfect example of how Fi often looks from the Fe perspective. Even an Fe aux, while generally more understanding of the need for space (we are introverts, after all - we get that), will sometimes see the infrequency of expression of concern with the relationship as a worse sign than it probably is.

I tend to think that both functions are roughly equal in their *capacity* to value a relationship. Their methods of valuing and of demonstrating that value are very different.Your time argument would be valid if time were the only factor. It's not. There are other factors, and Fe doms are better at some of them than Fi doms.It strikes me as an ENFP/INFP perspective to have. Te+Fi dislikes people forming conclusions before they've done their homework ("You are not entitled to your opinion - only your *informed* opinion"). Ne and Fi both absolutely hate deeply ingrained misinformation. INTJ is also possible, but strikes me as somewhat less likely. You're probably not an INFJ.

I think a good step at this stage might be to just figure out if you're an introvert or an extrovert. ENFP/INFP use all the same functions, but in different order, so that might be easier.If time were the only factor, I'd have a great relationship with the guys I sit next to every day at college, all my co-workers, etc. We're together, we interact, we often work together. Plenty of time goes into the relationship, but absolutely no attempt to communicate deeply, and relatively little interest or investment in the other party's happiness. Not much mutual understanding of how the other person works underneath, not much willingness to let the other person in. No emotional support beyond what little is needed to accomplish a task or project. Those are a few examples (more exist if you need them) of factors that are lacking in those particular relationships. Even though there's plenty of time involved, nobody's valuing the relationship too much.

Some of those are things that Fi excels at and Fe is lacking. Others Fi doesn't quite know what to do with, while Fe shines almost effortlessly. Now, I'll grant that time is either the most important factor or extremely close to it, but the other variables are not negligible. And Fe doms simply get more practice at most of them than any introvert ever will. If nothing else, they're typically far more willing to do some of them than any introvert is.

*edit: The summary/interpretation is that while an introverted Fi dom is generally willing to spend more time alone with someone (thereby demonstrating their value of the relationship), the extroverted Fe dom is generally more willing to do certain things that help the relationship in the time they do have together.

*One more edit (more thoughts keep coming, lol): An Fe dominant probably sees being with someone important to them in a larger group as being of equal or greater value than one-on-one time with them. It might involve seeing the relationship as special and valuable and wanting to share it with others they know, or something like that. As an INFJ I much prefer one-on-one time, so I don't personally understand it, but the EXFJs I know seem to see things that way.Confirmed. +1Depending on the topic at hand, how much thought we've put into it, and whether or not you're trying to force us to change our opinion (good luck with that), we'll either (a) be ridiculously stubborn or (b) keep mostly quiet and basically match our opinion to whoever happens to be speaking. We don't really have a middle ground.Yeah. Fi's probably involved in maintaining lack of guilt in spite of the opinions of others, and perhaps even keeping her from using the money strictly on herself. But it sounds like higher Te is driving the original action.From what little I know of you, I think so. INTJ is still worth looking into, but you really don't strike me as one. I see a lot more evidence for Ne than Ni. You could be an INFP who just doesn't easily recognize use of their dominant function in themselves (that does sometimes happen). My guess is ENFP, but I'd need more info for that guess to be solid.To the user themselves, I'd imagine it's Ne. To an outside observer, it can be difficult to figure out how a given person uses Fi or Ni, so these are probably a bit harder for others to predict than Ne is.

As for an entire type, in my experience ENFPs probably take the cake. Few people can surprise me, but they consistently find a way even when I know them pretty well.Of course, any 2 types can make it work, and no combination is a guaranteed success. But certain matches would be more favorable than others, yes.It's hard to tell from across the internet, but I'd lean heavily toward INTP. Your "Fi" stuff honestly sounds a lot more like inferior Fe to me.As an INFJ with aux Fe, I relate strongly to everything you said in the Fi section. Hope that helps.Particularly in younger childhood, I think that our preferences are malleable at least to some limited degree. Just speculation.Yeah, sometimes it's tough to see your own dominant function because you use it without trying. It's really the framework in which your other functions operate, so when looking at yourself sometimes you mostly see the other functions.

Side note: Final Fantasy is fantastic. You have good taste.Nope, you're in good company. =)Haven't played much yet myself - only 7 and 10 (several times though, lol). 8 seems really interesting. I highly recommend 10.&gt;Options include TRUMP or CLINTON. A majority of the population is obviously not going to choose a third party candidate like Johnson or Stein (at least in this election).

[Unfortunate](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAT_BuJAI70), isn't it?LOL! Erm, I mean...yes. Right. We'd never do that. Clearly nothing to worry about from us. I don't even know what manipulate means. Carry on everyone.Pretty solid list! I have gone through typing these guys myself, and we match on most of them. We disagree on a few, so I'd love to hear more of your reasoning on them.

Voldemort - ~~INTJ~~ ENTJ. I see a lot more evidence for dominant Te and inferior Fi (mostly visible when we read about the younger Tom Riddle). Plus he just seems extroverted to me.

Draco Malfoy - ~~ENTJ~~ ESTP with issues. I could be off on ESTP I suppose, but I feel like an ENTJ would have been more effective in his various efforts to assassinate Dumbledore, among other things. As it is, they were pretty short-sighted, as is a lot of what Malfoy does. His feeling function doesn't look inferior to me either - he can't quite seem to shake it's interference when he needs to. In any case, I'm fairly confident he's an S of some kind. Or maybe he is just a severely looping ENTJ.

Hermione Granger - ~~INFJ~~ ISTJ. While I'd love to welcome a great character like Hermione into the INFJ ranks, I just don't quite see it. She's quite vocal with her logical judgments, particularly in the earlier books, to an extent that seems indicative of Te/Fi rather than Fe/Ti. She's sensitive, but in more of a Fi way I think. Compare her with Remus Lupin (who *definitely* is an INFJ) to see the difference in feeling and thinking functions. I think her knowledgeability comes from Si and Te rather than Ti (she's practically memorized *Hogwarts, A History*). Her arguments with Ron often seem driven by Si and lower Fi to me as well, and I don't really see much Ni personally. 

We agree on the rest, although I admit I keep changing my mind about Snape. Again, well done on this list! Let me know more on what you think about these few, if you're so inclined.&gt; INFJs will be stuck at figuring out the hidden meaning behind the task "what does it mean to change?"

That's what you think. It's really just our way to hide the fact that we have absolutely no clue how to change a light bulb.Disrespect? It's a real stretch to call what he said disrespect. At worst, he was mistaken about what you were already doing to make friends. And then you launched into "I don't care" and accusing him of acting like he knows better and typing in all caps. As an outside observer, I'd say *you* disrespected *him*. Not the other way around. 

You want to make more friends? Don't disrespect people the way you have done to virtually everyone on this thread - people who were only trying to help you. Give people the benefit of the doubt - listen to people who disagree with you. Assume the best about them, not the worst.

Oh, and one last thing. You said:

&gt;Fi is only concerned with stuff that has to do with oneself

Not at all. Give yourself more credit than that. Fi values whatever you choose to value, and that can absolutely include other people. If it doesn't, you'll run into problems.I think Ni dom kinship comes from its rarity. INFJs are roughly 1.5% of the population, and INTJs are about 2%. Auxiliary Ni isn't much more common - ENFJs and ENTJs represent about 2.5% and 2% of the population, respectively. Put it together, and that's about 8% of the population of the world that strongly uses this function. Yup, that's all. According to most sources, those 4 - the high Ni users - are literally THE 4 least common types. 

That isn't to say we're special or anything like that, but it does mean that people who really get how we work aren't common to run into. And of course, not everyone in that 8% will automatically get along. Type isn't everything. For a lot of us, being misunderstood frequently (and misunderstanding others as well) can get pretty depressing, or at least irritating. It's not impossible to get past that barrier, but it's not easy, so it's nice when you find a relationship where you don't have to.

TLDR: We like being understood, like everyone does, and we like understanding others too. We can find that connection with other types to an extent, but it takes quite a bit of effort from both of us to achieve that kind of understanding. Being on the same page with someone by default is a rare experience for us, so we really appreciate it when we find it. At least that's what I think.In my experience that kind of impression is usually accurate, but not always. Ni gets thrown off occasionally just like any other function.Almost certainly INTJ or ISTJ. Te-Fi seems pretty clear to me just from the overall tone of the post. I'd lean heavily toward INTJ, but ISTJ is a strong possibility worth looking into as well. Can't tell for sure from what you've said so far. You're not ISTP, INTP, or ENTJ.&gt;Hello, I am having trouble deciding what my mbti type is. I did a survey with my friends/family, but the results were too varied to be conclusive. Here they are anyway, I guess. 1) INTJ (5), 2) ESTP (3), 3) ENTP (3), 4) ISTP (2), 5) ENTJ (1), 6) ESTJ (1), 7) ISTJ (1), 8) INTP (1).

Heh. They really narrowed it down for us, didn't they? Let's see what we can do.

&gt;I work hard at things I am passionate about, but am competitively lazy towards anything else (meaning that I work as hard as possible to avoid working). An example would be my getting straight A's (except in 1 class) while avoiding any work necessary. But in baseball (my passion) I work incredibly hard. When I was a freshman I wasn't a starter, and instead of complaining I worked everyday for hours until I was a starter. I even would volunteer to do extra work that I didn't enjoy, if it meant I would one day be a starter. I only set goals that I know I can do, like becoming a starter. Honestly, I don't set goals very often, as I'm very impatient, but when I do I tend to follow through.

Looks to me like higher Ne. The stereotype is that strong Ne types can't focus, but I've found they can when they're passionate about something.

&gt;I get very nostalgic a lot, often by something random. We could be driving by a building I've never seen before, in a place I've never been before, and it'll remind me of someplace in a dream I had two years prior, which will remind me that year and how good it was. I think that's unhealthy Ne-Si, but I'm not completely sure.

That looks like Ne-Si to me too. Not necessarily unhealthy.

&gt;I'm also incredibly awkward as of two years ago. Before that, I was very social, but my parents wanted me to stop caring about what other people thought of me and focus on responsibility. All that did make me develop social anxiety, something foreign to me, so I lost a lot of friends. I am still awkward to date.

Hmm. Lower Fe maybe?

&gt;I really like symbolism in books (Ni-stereotype), like Lord of the Flies and Life of Pi (my two favorite books). Also religion incredibly interests me, I am researching the 5 major religions currently to see which one resonates with me. I think I have been lacking religion, so I need to find some spirituality.

That is the Ni stereotype and it's more common in Ni, but Ne can use and enjoy symbolism too.

&gt;Honestly, when I am with my friends, I get sort of high. I act differently than I normally do, I can talk to anyone (even if I don't know them), and I don't take anything seriously. Well, I normally don't take many things seriously anyway.... I gravitate towards people rather than isolating myself, but when around entirely new people I have trouble communicating.

I conclude: (a) You're most likely an extrovert of some kind. (b) You're probably not high Ni - I'm sticking with high Ne.

&gt;I said before that I was completely impatient, and that is true. When I play Pokemon, I tell myself that I need to train before the elite four, but I always end up jumping right in and getting demolished. I can't wait five days for my birthday/holiday/whatever, I need that bike today! *gets bike, rides it once and never again*

Yep, probably Ne dom. 

&gt;Two more things: I excel in mathematics, so people think I'm some sort of genius that knows everything because I take math 3 years advanced. Um, no. I literally just look at the problem and think, "Logically, you could do this because..." Honestly, I have no knowledge of math, I just am a logical person. Same principle with music. I was in the advanced class as a freshman (even though I never practiced), which caused me to quit music. Everyone there was a junior or senior that worked hard to get where they were, and then I came in and took first chair so they all resented me. They would always look at me when I was just standing around after practice. This caused me to disintegrate into a 9, and lose my 3 ambition. I quit because every attempt I made at socializing they would ignore me.

Ti/Fe seems more likely than Fi/Te here, particularly because of the music example. But still hard to say. 

&gt;Last point: I am a sympathetic person. A few members of my family have been drug addicts, so I want to be a drug counselor when I grow up. I always get sad when I hear about tragic events, because I know exactly what they're going through. If i can't relate to something, I have a hard time understanding someone's pain, aside from the fact that they're in pain.

My best guess is Ne-Ti-Fe-Si, which would make you an ENTP. I'm not entirely certain about Ti/Fe, so you could also be ENFP. If we assume your friends and family were correct in unanimously labeling you a T, you're an ENTP. You don't strike me as an INTP or INFP, and only 1 of your friends/family thought so, so I'm pretty confident you're at least Ne dom.

For whatever an internet typing job is worth, I'm going with ENTP. :D 

Try doing some specific research on ENTPs and their function use, and see how it matches up. I do think you might possibly use Fi/Te though, so I'd also look into ENFP on the off chance that you're a feeler who comes off as a thinker due to being intelligent and logical. That stereotype leads to a lot of mistypings, so it's completely possible that you just have a strong tertiary Te that makes everyone think "smart and logical, therefore a T."

edit: Just saw your comment where you said you originally thought you were a feeler before asking around. People tend to be right about themselves on things like that more often than not, so now I'm roughly 50/50 between ENTP and ENFP. Definitely look into both. 
Don't know if you saw my recent edit, but I think ENFP is fairly likely too. Best of luck! :)I can't see ISTP or INTJ. My guess would be INTP. I see a lot of evidence for Ti and inferior Fe (calling people out on being wrong if and only if you're comfortable with them, for instance), and quite a bit of Si and Ne too. I see virtually no evidence for Fi or Se, and not much to indicate Ni either.Yeah, put me in the ISTJ camp. Even though you say you only relate slightly to Si, there's plenty of it throughout the whole post. Probably my favorite example was in your section on Ti: "Why think so much when you can just confirm it with the world in front of you?" That's sooo classic Si. It's also in the kind of evidence you use to show the presence or absence for each function, and your tone (plenty of Fi in there too). Your description of your Ne and Ni sounds like Ne is there, but lower in the stack.

It's actually pretty common not to recognize your own use of your dominant function when first typing yourself. Do some research, ask those who know you best, and see if ISTJ seems right. :)Well, you literally just described both me and an INFJ friend of mine on every point, except that neither of us would ever claim to be a spur of the moment type of person. Do you think INFJ fits him?Yeah. I don't want to bring bias into it by typing everyone as my own type, but he really sounds INFJ to me. If you believe the stereotype, we can be notoriously difficult to type. And yes, most INFJs will be perfectly aware that you don't get them. :)

INFP is certainly possible too, but looking at functions, I personally think there's more Fe/Ti than Fi/Te in what you described. INFPs don't embrace confrontation, but I wouldn't say the ones I know exactly hate it either. That's usually high Fe.

I personally can't see anything besides INFX matching him.There's not enough here for a solid typing, but I might even say ISFP. They can match your description, and they'll sometimes act like an ENTJ under stress. Just an idea. Yep, most likely INFP. Second guess would have to be INFJ, but she almost certainly uses Ne/Si rather than Ni/Se.Ok then, we'll start simple. Maybe. :)

Why did you think you're an ISTP? Why is the test result significant enough to you to make you reevaluate that? Assuming the test is correct, which XNTX type(s) do you think you might be? Why?&gt; the one thing I know for sure is that I am a p-type

That's a very unusual "one thing to know for sure", you know. J versus P isn't that simple, so I would consider re-evaluating that. That said...I think you're right. :)

This sounds like Ne to me. Ne involves exploring connections and relationships between ideas and getting the "big picture" of what's going on. The act of knowingly taking these "bubbles" of consciously present information and putting them together to form new connections and ideas is an excellent way to describe the Ne process. If you want to see what this looks like more concretely, look at how an INTP thinks. Their Ne gathers information in the way you describe, but since Ti is their dominant function, they'll almost always build those connections directly into a logical system, where the Ne connection-making process is visible for all to see. And by "all", I mean the few lucky people who actually get to see an INTP do what they do.

Ni will similarly build connections between ideas, but in contrast to what you described, the connection-making itself is not generally the conscious part of the Ni process. Ni takes real-world experiences (provided by Se) and builds connections between abstractions of those experiences. Those connections aren't conscious or active like your bubbles. I think of it like connecting a wire between two things. The connection is dormant and subconscious, but it's there and ready to be used. Eventually, Ni builds networks of these connections. Then, when something occurs that triggers one of those abstractions in our head ("our" = the Ni user), electricity flows through those wires, so to speak, and also triggers everything we've subconsciously related to that kind of event. As a result, we're able to almost instantly "know" a lot of other things that are probably true, because they're usually true when this kind of event or experience happens. We probably won't be able to tell you what exact experience triggered that flash of insight, much less explain how that one event implies what we claim to know. But that's how I visualize what goes on underneath Ni.

Your description sounds more like Ne to me. Hard to be sure if that's your dominant or auxiliary though.Good question - probably one better answered by a knowledgeable INTP than by me. But I'll share what I've observed.

INTPs lead with Ti, so their main way to interpret information is to look at how (or if) it fits into their existing internal logical framework. They seem to constantly be filtering information through this system. More relevantly to our discussion, the healthy ones are also continually seeking to refine their inner framework by acquiring new data. 

A healthy INTP (at least the ones I know) uses Ne as a tool to find new, relevant data for Ti to process and add to its system. To use another analogy, Ne becomes something like a metal detector, but one which locates the particularly useful, relevant information that Ti can incorporate. Ti slows the Ne process WAY down from what you might see in, say, an Ne dom or even an INFP, but also lends it a good deal of precision and clarity. The end result, at least from my outside perspective, is that the Ti framework roughly maps what Ne has found, but in a more structured way. Ideas and concepts firmly linked to other ideas through logical steps in a conceptual web of sorts, in order to ultimately form a consistent, "big picture" understanding of whatever the INTP is interested in.

Sound good to you INTPs out there? Or am I way off in my perception of what you're actually doing?I think almost any function pair could manifest this way in an unhealthy person. Functions are about the cognition behind the behavior, and there are plenty of ways to become obsessive about something and dismissive of other people. It could be low Fe slacking off, Ni tunnel vision, Si tunnel vision...who knows?

It's definitely a sign that the individual isn't doing it right, whatever type they are.My parents have this combo, so I can share a couple things I've observed.

As said elsewhere, the more approval you can give, the better. There's a tendency for some (not all) INTJs to assume that the other person knows about the appreciation they feel already, because the INTJ hasn't said otherwise, the other person hasn't brought it up, and the INTJ is clearly devoted to the relationship. For an ISFJ, you'll want to verbalize your feelings often. They won't bring it up, but they'll feel deeply unappreciated if you don't let them know they're valued.

On that note, communication in general can be tricky with this pairing. If the ISFJ isn't direct with their statements of opinion, don't mistake that for uncertainty or ambivalence in that opinion. They may feel strongly about what they're tentatively sharing, but they equally value harmony in the relationship, talking it over before reaching a decision, and the like, so they won't always be direct if they aren't sure you'll agree. On the flip side, the ISFJ may take the INTJ's natural directness personally if it contradicts their deeply held opinions. It works best when the ISFJ learns that directness improves communication and that disagreement is not the same thing as a fight. For your part, the best thing you can do to foster that is to avoid bluntly contradicting what they say. Ask them to explain what they mean, value their opinion (verbally), and so on. When they see that their environment is safe, they'll eventually become direct enough that you can have clearer communication.Thought of one more thing. ISFJs lead with Si, while INTJs lead with Ni. Those two functions actually work very similarly, but tend to lead in very different directions. To stereotype a bit (not much though), Si generally favors optimizing "tried and true," concrete lines of thinking, while Ni is a bit less predictable and molds its thinking to match its vision. Both have their strengths. So as painfully difficult as Si is to understand, and as clearly superior as the Ni mindset is (ok, I'm done now lol), you'll probably need to learn to appreciate and apply both.I'm an INFJ who had ISFJ and ESFJ roommates. All the arguments that ever took place in that apartment went something like: 
A: "Here, let me take your plate." 
B: "No way, not again. I'm doing the dishes today." 
A: "No no no, you did them last time, that isn't fair. Let me do it." B: "Yeah but you cooked the food, I'm not letting you do the dishes too."
C: "Really? You guys are at this again? Here, I'll just do it."
A: "NO nononono."
B: "Yeah, you said earlier you have tons to do today. Don't worry about it."
...

Suffice it to say, it worked out nicely. :)Ok, I've got a pretty good idea. I've got some more questions though. I'm doing to draw from your discussion with u/dogepoli a bit too.

You said that in decision-making, you're heavily affected by emotions but they undergo cost/benefit. Can you elaborate on that?

What N tendencies do you have, other than just lacking in strong S qualities?

Are you confident you're introverted? What's your social dynamic like?

When you want to heavily research something, what's your approach? What process do you go through to learn more about something or solve a problem?This is a fairly good analysis I think. I've been trying to make an N type fit and most of them don't seem to quite line up (ENTJ does seem plausible to me though; I've found that Ni can be hard to peg from across the internet at times, and tert Se also makes a lot of sense to me here. You can look into that type as well if you like). But my first guess looking at both conversations would be ISTJ, followed by ENTJ and ESTJ about equally.

Ultimately though, internet typing is tough and not always accurate. Your best bet if you want to be sure is to do some research on the 8 functions and then type yourself that way, or get someone you know who is knowledgeable about the functions to do it. But hopefully we helped you get started in the right area at least. Good luck! :)You're probably not a Te-dom then, imo. So you've got me there. But the tone and approach of your last paragraph is actually very indicative to me of auxiliary Te. I'm going to guess ISTJ, final answer.

As for Si, the heavy sense of duty thing is a common result, but I don't know that it's always the case. Si prefers to preserve and perpetuate things that have proven valuable in the past - that can be family, a way of thinking, an authority figure, an organization, or whatever. So the default result is an "if it ain't broke, don't fix it" attitude toward things that have always been there - if a long-standing authority or tradition isn't causing major visible problems, it's probably there for a reason and doing its job, and so should be maintained. Hence the stereotype. But if there are issues that the Si user can clearly see, they'll either change their allegiance to a better system that *has* proven valuable, or rebel in an effort to reform the existing system. And [dissatisfied Si](http://31.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcaz67svng1rcy8g0o1_500.gif) can make for one stubborn rebel.Some excellent examples of INFJs: Galadriel from Lord of the Rings, Remus Lupin from Harry Potter, John Locke from Lost, and Ra's Al Ghul from Batman.

Other favorites of mine from well-known books and films (avoiding stereotypical INTJ/ENTJ villians, of which there are many):

INTJ - Mr. Darcy from Pride and Prejudice, Vision from Marvel

INFP - Luna Lovegood from Harry Potter, Faramir from Lord of the Rings

INTP - Bruce Banner from Marvel (He's an INTP, right?)

ISFJ - Samwise Gamgee from Lord of the Rings, Captain America from Marvel

ISTJ - Katniss Everdeen from the Hunger Games series

ISTP - James Bond

ISFP - Harry Potter

ENFJ - Loki from Marvel, Professor Xavier from X-Men

ENTJ - Uggh, can't think of many clear, well-known fictional examples that aren't villians. Maybe Kim Possible for anyone who still remembers that show. I'll try to think of others.

ENFP - Elizabeth Bennett from Pride and Prejudice

ENTP - Fred and George Weasley from Harry Potter

ESFJ - Bilbo Baggins from Lord of the Rings

ESTJ - Minerva McGonagall from Harry Potter 

ESFP - Ron Weasley from Harry Potter

ESTP - Jack Sparrow from Pirates of the Caribbean (edit: I suppose I can see the case for ENTP...I'll have to think about this one)




Well, I'm definitely open to being convinced. This wouldn't be the first time I've mistyped someone, and it wouldn't be the last either. What about him is so anti-Fe-dominant? What would you type him as instead?

I type him as Fe dominant because: 

(a) His motive for everything he's doing seems to me to be to prove his own superiority - not just to himself, but to everyone around him. He initially wants the throne to prove himself, not just for power alone ("I never wanted the throne! I only ever wanted to be your equal.") then he attempts to destroy the frost giants for similar reasons, then on earth he tries to get everyone to kneel before him as their ruler...on and on it goes. He's constantly craving that approval and glory above all else, and changing his behavior accordingly. He gets ridiculously emotional and irrational when he's not getting it.

(b) His special brand of cruelty and manipulation seems very Fe-centered. His exchange with Black Widow in *The Avengers* and his dialogue and battle with Thor on the bridge in *Thor* come to mind as good examples.I think most likely INFP, with INFJ, ISFP, and ISFJ as other reasonably strong possibilities.Lol, we were thinking of different Lokis. :)

Yeah, non-movie Loki is NOT an extroverted feeler. We're agreed there.Interesting article. I'll have to think this over. Thanks!Depends what you mean. He's certainly *describing* elements of Si (particularly its weaknesses when not balanced with other functions) through most of this paragraph. If you're asking if this is evidence that he himself has a strong preference for using Si, or if he's relying heavily on it to write this, I'd say probably not.&gt; How good or bad will this pair be? 

Exactly as good as you both are willing to make it through mutual pain and suffering. :)Mhm. I'd speculate that Se is better for snap decisions and taking quick unexpected action, while Si is best when you've got a little more time to figure out what to do and how to do it. Both are used heavily in most sports (remember, ALL types can and do use ALL functions), so strong Si users usually have just as much of an edge as strong Se users.Don't confuse social introversion/extroversion with the first letter of your type. There's a very strong correlation, to the point that it can be a useful tool to discover type, but remember it's possible to be IXXX and outgoing, or EXXX and reserved. In mbti, it's just about which kind of function is dominant.

Do you find yourself focusing most of the time on possibilities in the external world (it seems to me like you do)? If so, you're probably an ENTP, and you mostly use Ti as a sort of guide or logical check on Ne ideas. If you spend more time focused on developing your inner system of understanding, breaking down logically the things you have learned or observed, you're likely an INTP.Yep, I/E relationships can be interesting early on. Over time she'll get to the point that time with just you won't cause too much short-circuiting.  Try doing quieter things in smaller groups sometimes - that's also much less of a drain than exciting activities in large groups, so she'll probably be able to spend a bit more time with you between alone sessions.INFJ - overthinking, especially regarding interpersonal dynamics. The Ni-Ti rabbit holes are real, they are bottomless, and they are great in number.Lots of different ways. It could be impulsively doing things that go against your vision or goals for your life, extreme irritation with any little flaw in the environment, indulging in unhealthy sensory pleasures, cleaning as a distraction to the point that you're not productive in more important things, stuffing yourself with chocolate and ice cream (wait, everyone does that) and so on. It varies, but that's the kind of thing I've seen in INXJs.If you're focused on the 4 spectrums, you'll run into this kind of problem. Those spectrums are just a way of roughly (and often inaccurately) approximating someone's type. You can be right in the middle on a spectrum, but what's really at work here are the cognitive functions. There's not really any middle ground there. As suggested elsewhere, your best bet is to do a little digging on the cognitive functions and see what fits you best.

INTP uses Ti-Ne-Si-Fe

INFP uses Fi-Ne-Si-TeMy type: INFJ.

My favorite type: INFJ. ;)

Really though, I'd say my favorites are INTP, ENTP, and ENFJ in no particular order. INTJ and ISFJ are up there too.Once you understand the cognitive functions well enough, you can often figure out which ones people are probably using based on how they approach the world and justify their actions. It does take a while to get to that point, and some people are quite difficult to nail down.Break the S/N wall!!!One does not simply change their type. Your function preferences will stay the same, but you can strengthen weak functions and use them in healthier ways. Maybe you've done this instead?

To answer your question though, I like ENFPs because they're enthusiastic, insightful, curious, and surprisingly wise when the situation calls for it. The downside is they can be way too stubborn and blunt under stress. 

TBH I've never gotten along with ESTPs very well in person. I find they're usually very intelligent, and I love how accepting they tend to be of everyone and most of them are fairly good listeners, but they have a habit of breaking my comfort zone in ways that I just haven't learned to appreciate yet.I see plenty of evidence for EXTP. Ti over Fe is all over the place, but the Ti doesn't seem dominant.

If I had to pick one I'd guess ENTP, but I'm not entirely sold on Ne yet. You definitely fit the stereotype (your post could have been written almost entirely by my ENTP professor), but Se could justify most of this just as well as Ne could. I'd need more info to be sure - maybe others will see something I don't.It is possible for every type, although certain types are definitely harder to recognize/tell apart than others. There are lots of good resources out there - do a little digging on the reddit and you'll probably find some excellent links to articles and youtube videos. Here are a couple personal favorites to get you started.

[The Basics.](http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/06/if-youre-confused-about-your-myers-briggs-personality-type-read-this-an-intro-to-cognitive-functions/) This page was one of my first introductions to good typing. It has a few oversimplifications in some of the specific function descriptions, but it is good enough to get started and (more importantly) does a fairly solid job of giving a basic idea of what cognitive functions are in general, how they relate to type, and how they're organized into a function stack. The function list for each type is handy while you're still getting your bearings too.

[This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evXCR2Sh-fo) is excellent for getting a basic understanding of each function while avoiding most (not all) of the usual stereotypes. And [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lld3kzNel4) does a great job of showing how a function's positioning in the stack matters.

There's a ton of more in-depth information out there that can really help once you've got the basics down and started practicing with it. Best of luck!



You just sound like you're really engaged with whatever you're doing, be it origami, doing what others say is impossible, enjoying the beauty of your surroundings, etc. Like I said, Ne is more than capable of the same things, and I'd still guess Ne rather than Se. I'm just saying it's not conclusive.

I definitely see a lot of Ti. I'm still not sure that it's dominant, but it's entirely possible. I wouldn't rule out INTP, but ISTP feels off to me.

Yeah, it's not that we're specifically making that decision *because* it goes against our vision or goals. It's just that we send to oblivion any hint of giving a care. Then when the damage is already done, intense regret.Kind of. While Ti is stereotypically quite good at being concise, Ne is not. So an ISTP (Ti-Se) tends to say a whole lot in a couple sentences or so. An INTP is still concise, but will sometimes not be able to limit themselves to just their main point like ISTPs do. ENTPs are prone to dance around their points even more, but will still hit them. Or so the stereotypes go...but those aren't always reliable.

Here's what it comes down to. Se is about connecting to and exploring the external *physical* environment. Learning through things you can perceive with the 5 senses. That can manifest as "adrenaline junkie" but it isn't limited to that - Se users have been known to be good mechanics or artists, dabble in video games, and so on.

Ne is also about connecting to and exploring the external *abstract* or *theoretical* environment. It primarily explores what is possible rather than what is already there. Strong Ne users have a desire to explore multiple possibilities at once, and Ne doesn't typically confine itself to just one point of view. Hence the tendency to dance around a point before making it - Ne is exploring related ideas and possibilities.It can happen if I'm not careful, but mbti has been beneficial overall. I think the thing to remember is that mbti is not really about behavior.

If someone behaves a certain way, that is an indication of *how* they use their functions, not necessarily an inevitable consequence of their given set of function preferences. A hammer can be used to build a house, replace a loose nail, or smash holes in the wall, depending on what the *person* is trying to do. It's the same with mbti. Functions are tools, and our type tells us which tools we most like to use - that's it. What we do with them is an entirely different question.I've been a fan of both Michael Pierce and MBTV. Haven't seen the other page though, I'll check it out. Thanks!I can't upvote this enough. MBTI isn't about behavior or your current mental state. That's the biggest reason the tests are unreliable. It comes down to your natural preferences - what processes you go to by default to understand and interact with the world.

Great comment, thanks!I'm not certain it's correct, but it makes sense to me. Sure it's difficult to see the Se, but that's just because (1) people his age don't usually fit the Se stereotype very well, and (2) we usually only see him when he's giving a speech, answering media questions, in a political debate, etc. You know, Ti-Ni oriented stuff that wouldn't often put aux Se on display.

I really can't think of a better fit than ISTP to be honest.I love chess, and while I only play casually, I've always had a knack for it and I'd say I qualify as intermediate. If I had the patience to study the game in depth I could probably do very well. Unfortunately I'm just in it for the fun at the moment.I had that thought too, but I can see quite a bit of Ne so I was questioning it. ESTJ seems likely.First off, measuring those 4 spectrums yields what I would call an educated guess about your actual type as determined by the functions. That's why tests are helpful tools, but not reliably accurate ones. While not common, it's entirely possible to (for example) be an introvert in the traditional, social sense but still have a dominant extroverted function. But with that caveat in mind, I have noticed a few patterns in my experience that might be worth looking at here.

Being near the middle of the I/E scale would often mean that you have either an unusually weak dominant function, an unusually strong auxiliary function, or both. To clarify, you'll still be naturally inclined to *rely* much more on the dominant function than the auxiliary. That's how MBTI works. But your *capacity* to use those functions effectively might be abnormally bad for the dominant, and/or good for the auxiliary.

Similarly, being near the middle of the S/N scale might mean that your dominant/auxiliary sensing or intuitive function might be a bit weak, and/or the tertiary/inferior one is a bit strong. Same with T/F - I'm an INFJ who often gets INTJ on tests because I'm really good at using Ti and fairly terrible at using Fe. But I'm still using Fe-Ti (I guarantee I am NOT an auxiliary Te user). To reiterate, I still naturally turn to my Fe before my Ti in most situations - I'm just not great at it. Just because my right arm is injured and a bit difficult and painful for me to use doesn't make me left handed. Same thing with my functions.

I'm not sure there's anything to say about J/P though, since it completely changes the stack and is quite unreliable (at best) when viewed as its own spectrum. I haven't seen any patterns there either.

*Edited for clarity.Yep. Much more concise. :)

And yes, the tests that do that are usually a bit better. They still have their problems, but they're the least unreliable.As far as I'm aware, it's not scientifically valid. My opinion: So what? Even science, as incredible as it is, has self-acknowledged limits, so don't be restricted by it. Look for truth, value, etc. anywhere you can find it. If you don't find mbti (or any other given thing) reliable, true, or useful, by all means ignore it and move on. If you do see value in it, whether scientific or otherwise, apply it. 

Concepts like justice, freedom, peace, and order aren't scientific, but we still find them extremely valuable. There is more to truth and knowledge than just science, so I wouldn't write anything off solely on the basis of not being scientifically verifiable.That’s definitely fair, and I appreciate your input. To the best of my knowledge mbti hasn’t been specifically rejected as false by good science any more than it has been declared valid. If it had, then since many aspects of mbti are indeed in science’s rightful domain I’d be inclined to agree with the OP's perspective. As it stands, the science isn’t conclusive in either direction (right?), and science is still quite limited in what it can observe in this field – i.e. how quickly it will reach anything resembling a consensus. A lack of proven validity is not equivalent to a proven lack of validity. So I’ll make what use I can of it in the meantime.

Still, I’ll gladly take the very fair criticism regarding positions that are in science’s court. I admit I do often assume science to be more limited than it probably really is – mainly because I see so many people making the opposite mistake – so I’ve ended up with a bit of a bias. I should certainly be more rigorous than I am about looking at the claims being made and considering how those claims could be tested, as in the case of most branches of mbti, before considering something outside the domain of science. So I apologize for that.

Even so, I stand by my argument that we shouldn’t be restricted by science. By that, I *don’t* mean we should ignore what science can tell us. I never meant that – if I came across that way I apologize. What I do mean is that there are other sources of knowledge, and so in the cases where science can’t give us very much at the moment (philosophy, ethics, many religions, ethically untestable branches of human psychology, and so on) the default response should not be “unprovable, therefore untrue/useless”.
Makes sense, no worries. I still need some decent evidence and/or sound logic when leaving the boundaries of science to even consider something, so we're not *that* far apart. I probably just miscommunicated my views and didn't think this particular case through very well. We're cool. :)Honestly, I really enjoy both types. ENFPs in particular are really fun to be around to me, although they can get really stubborn and confrontational if you cross them the wrong way. But they're exceptionally insightful, and the more mature ones are considerate and respectful of *most* opposing views. I feel like people who don't like them usually cite unstable/volatile emotions or some variation of that. Probably fair, at least from an outside perspective. I'd bet decent money that for most ENFPs it only *looks* unstable though. They're not the easiest people to understand, but they aren't doing what they do without justification.

INFPs generally come across as more detached and pretty sensitive. They're really empathetic (yes, I'm breaking with the "selfish Fi" stereotype) but the ones I know have a hard time expressing that externally in ways that others can get anything out of. I imagine it's pretty frustrating for them. That said, it's also frustrating for me and basically everyone else when they say something fairly vague and/or involving strictly personal symbolism and then just expect everyone to be on board.

On that note, it takes a while to figure out how any given INFP uses their Fi to understand things, so even when you get past the generally quiet/dreamy exterior they'll often seem kind of illogical until you get a feel for them - but in reality they make quite a bit of sense. They just express that sense in roundabout ways through Ne. People don't typically have the patience for all that, so many of them aren't taken as seriously as I think they deserve. Once you really get to know how they work, most INFPs have some real gems of wisdom to share. Just don't expect them to ever give it to you straight.It's an extreme example for that individual, but I'll agree that most people who have Fi do this kind of thing on occasion. It's not always as drastic or noticeable as a marriage ceremony, but it happens. Just like most people who have Fe will at times selfishly sacrifice what they know to be right or best for everyone just to keep the peace. We're not constantly doing these things (unless we're unhealthy), but virtually everyone falls prey to the weaknesses of their functions. 

I do think stereotyping NFPs as behaving this way regularly is unfair. I love NFPs and think they are pretty great people - very insightful, loyal friends who generally do behave unselfishly (see my other comment - "selfish Fi" isn't accurate imho). But I'd be surprised to meet one over age 20 who has *never* done something like this.#1: Core

* Faith (Religious and/or otherwise, I see faith as what motivates anyone to do anything without immediate or definite benefit to create good. Most things on this list depend on some kind of faith, imo).
* Happiness (On roughly the same level as faith. I do the things below largely for the sake of happiness. So happiness is the big motive, and faith is the primary means).
* Honesty (If I can't trust myself, I'm never happy).
* Knowledge (If I can smuggle *understanding* and *wisdom* in with knowledge, this goes here).
* Compassion (I've needed to be on the receiving end of this one many times. I know what it can do. More than happy to pay it forward.)
* Justice (When compassion fails, use a hammer.)

#2: Important

* Freedom (On a basic level, freedom might rank higher in section 1. But as valuable as freedom is, I see it as subject to justice, compassion, and especially knowledge, and not necessary critical to happiness beyond a very basic amount).
* Solitude (Let that Ni work. ;) Seriously though, I need enough of this or I get *really* unpleasant).
* Humor (Close to solitude. No better way to kill stress).

#3: Useful

* Popularity (Needed in moderation. Avoiding unpopularity is more accurately my value I think. I don't need to be known and liked by everyone. That would leave no room for solitude).
* Creativity (Yeah, about that...meh. Can be fun I guess).
* Wealth (One of many possible means to other ends that actually do lead to happiness, and probably one of the more difficult and stressful ones at that. Nothing more. That said, a little cash is always handy to have around in a pinch).
* Power (See also: wealth).

#4: OK, so I'm unadventurous...

* Adventure (No thanks. Se overload is kinda miserable).As stereotypes go though, I can't deny these are as frequently accurate as any. Particularly the second half.I agree completely. That's the kind of thing I like to look for when "quick-typing" someone, at least once it's narrowed down to two or three possibilities by functions.

Honestly, I wasn't certain whether sarcasm was involved or not. I was hoping my comment was structured to be appropriate in either case.I actually do tend to read sarcasm into things (it's fun ;p), so you probably pegged me right in general. But I've recently tried to make it a habit to question sarcasm whenever there's not a "/s" on it. Mainly because I've seen plenty of online conversations go downhill over reading sarcasm where it isn't or missing sarcasm where it is. I get *waaaay too stressed out when I'm involved in those conversations. It's just not worth it to me, at least right now.Hmm...

Most (maybe even all) INFPs I know seem to feel a huge desire to be understood. More accurately, they tend to feel *misunderstood* or (perhaps even worse) completely *overlooked* or *brushed off* by others who can't easily follow their train of thought. As I mentioned already, I think most of them are justified in these feelings. My first inclination is to advise recognizing that when others don't understand or ignore you, that shows zero evidence that you're wrong, worthless, or stupid - it just means you're on a different wavelength than they are, and different and wrong are not the same thing. But in my experience, intellectually knowing this fact doesn't solve much for the INFP. This is because they still want to have close connections with people and to be understood, not necessarily to be "right". So I want to try another approach.

The INFPs I know who are happiest are the ones who give to others the very thing they are seeking - understanding, encouragement to be the best self they can be - basically someone who will just listen and not judge. They're usually incredibly good at this when they make the effort. Everyone needs this to an extent, and when an INFP helps others fill these needs, they begin to feel valued and needed themselves, and often find over time that some of those people (although certainly not all) are more inclined to reciprocate and appreciate them for who they are. The biggest challenge with this is that it requires stepping out of the introverted, safe comfort zone, forgetting your own insecurities, and focusing entirely on someone else in spite of fears of how they perceive you. At the same time, that's part of what makes it work. As insecurities are forgotten, they begin to disappear.

So those are my thoughts. Keep in mind that I'm not an INFP but an INFJ. I share zero functions with INFPs, so I may not fully understand what's going on under the hood, and I may have biases that run counter to what an INFP really wants/needs. This is just based on what I hope that I correctly understand so far. 

Best of luck!I agree with the diagnosis (giant unchecked egos). That's the nature of a dominant Pi function. We rely first and foremost on perceiving how things/ideas affect us. By definition, we're focused on ourselves, and we tend to overgeneralize those perceptions to everyone else. INFJs and ISFJs are less inclined to let it show, but it's there.

I disagree with the prescription (really need someone constantly telling them they suck). At least for INFJs, that will indeed exacerbate the problem. We'll just get even more self-focused, only it'll be on our weaknesses, how we *think* people perceive us, etc. In general I think we really just need to be heavily engaged in our auxiliary and tertiary functions (Fe and Ti for INFJs) to snap us out of Pi ruts and give us others' perspectives / more logical perspectives. But maybe that's just my huge ego talking. :PGood stuff! It took me a while to figure this out about the high Ne users I know. This put into words the vague ideas that were floating around in my head without form.

Of course, Ne tends to *look* random to outside observers, but that's just because only the Ne user sees their own connections easily, and constantly explaining why they're changing from idea to idea would be a hassle. But make no mistake, the connection exists and is usually relevant. As I understand it, Ne is really no more "random" than Ni - as an extroverted function it just tends to put itself on display more often, and it moves more often from idea to idea, being focused on exploring the ideas themselves.Your description is much more indicative of Ne. The emphasis is on the ideas themselves and particularly the connections. Ni doesn't do much of that. It's tough to explain, so I'm going to demonstrate. Here's me thinking and free-writing about a similar girl I know (probably some other functions will be involved too, but I'd hope there's plenty of Ni about to happen). I realize yours was a subconscious, instantaneous thing and mine isn't quite going to be that, but I am hoping to model my thought process as quickly as I can type it.

"Hmm, seems like she's only smiling to keep everyone else from worrying. I wonder if there's something in particular that's bothering her all the time. I wonder if I could do anything about it. Probably not, she won't likely want to talk about it, or she wouldn't try to smile. She cares more about everyone else's happiness than her own. Wow, that's actually really admirable now that I think about it. I wish I were more like that when I get upset about something, usually I vent. It probably annoys people around me. I really should change and follow her example. Although in her case it's probably not good to be doing it all the time. She needs someone to vent to. Maybe I should let her know I'm always free to talk. She deserves to at least know that her friends support her. She knows me well enough that she'd be comfortable, and maybe it would help. Of course, there's always the chance that asking could make things worse - maybe she's just insecure socially and wouldn't want to know that someone else can tell she's uncomfortable. I'll have to watch more closely next time I see her in a group and see if I can tell."

Looking back at that, I'm seeing an Se observation leading into an Ni/Ti conjecture about the *cause* of that observation, then Fe and Ni looking at the potential impact of that conjecture on my actions (I wonder if I can do anything) and the potential Fe implications of my considered actions. Then Ni (I think) goes to town on the concept of putting the group's happiness above one's own need to get things off their chest, and how I want to be more like that, but maybe in a healthier way. Then Fe decision to let her know I'm willing to talk about stuff, another Ni/Fe conjecture on what I should or shouldn't do and why (maybe asking will actually make this worse), and a new decision to watch and wait for further Se data in the future.

See the difference? Ni is, for lack of a better term, self-centered. Not selfish, but self-centered. That's the nature of introverted functions, especially the perceiving ones. My brain isn't heavily concerned, either consciously or subconsciously, about exploring the ideas or their links or any of that - at least not exploring for the sake of exploring. It's concerned about "What is the source of this Se data I'm getting, in an abstract sense? And what effect does the idea or concept I'm coming up with as this 'source' have on me?" 

Also notice that while I wandered a bit, I kept coming back to the same one or two themes because I wasn't done with them yet. Even while I've been finishing this comment I've had to resist going back to thinking about why this girl behaves the way she does, whether I can or even need to help, and to what degree (if any) it would be wise for me to incorporate elements of her bottling things in for others' benefit. Ne usually (not always) finishes with ideas fairly quickly and moves on to new ideas, or at least various connections to new ideas. 

So, my best guess is you're a high Ne user, unless you wrote this post specifically with the "connections" concept in mind and filtered out anything else that was going on.I definitely see evidence for strong Ni, but I really can't tell between INFJ and INTJ based on this. I do think you're one of the two. If I had to choose I'd lean slightly toward INFJ.Follow-up questions, if you're interested:

How do you go about solving a difficult problem? If you need context, suppose there's something you want to code and there's no readily apparent practical solution. What's the game plan?

Two friends you care about more or less equally are in an argument. Nobody's really right or wrong, at least as far as you can tell. How do you handle the situation?

Now assume you have solid reason to believe that one friend is clearly on the wrong side of the argument. How do you handle it now?Yeah, all of that's sounding pretty INFJ-like, although it's certainly not conclusive (of course, we are talking over the internet, so no surprises). I'd highly recommend researching the functions each one uses if you haven't already. u/alwaysupforit posted some useful links."Obsessive" has such a negative connotation...but yes, definitely. Once something truly gets my attention, chances are it will continue to have my attention for months or longer. As a result, I tend to become very good at the few things I do, and pretty terrible at most other things (much to the irritation of everyone else).I wouldn't say it's more common than average - I've found that any type can be this way. I can't say I've had close dealings with any really toxic ENFPs, so I can't give you anything specific to the type based on experience. I do have general observations about humans. Skip to the last paragraph if you don't want to hear my rant.

I'm fairly confident that most (not all) people can and will change when given a healthy mix of loyal support, trust, patience, and tough love. Meaning, they know that others are deeply concerned about their welfare and willing to help if they truly need it, but they also know that nobody's going to facilitate their apathy or regression out of that same sense of concern. In short, the individual *must be trusted to change* when given the right circumstances, and be patiently supported in any efforts to change. 

I'm equally confident that most (not all) people will not change if nobody expects them to. Meaning, if everyone *fails to trust the person to change* and instead facilitates the status quo on the assumption that doing otherwise would just produce a worse outcome, then generally nothing will change. On the flip side, most people will not allow themselves knowingly to *be changed* by others. The desire has to come from the individual, meaning that forcing reason down their throat, manipulation, etc. are unlikely to produce real change.

There's only so much you're in a position to do - as u/bomerr suggested, his family is likely in the best position to act. That said, based on what little I know of the situation, my advice is that if you're cutting him out anyway, you might as well be direct about it. Show him the objective Te evidence that he's seriously hurting himself and everyone else. Let him know that you're concerned and that you're certain that he's capable of better, and then let him do what he wants with it. If he's willing, it would help to stick around and be supportive and patient with his efforts. Otherwise, you'll have done all you can do.Fi really makes or breaks ENFPs I think. The ones who use it right are basically the most incredible people I know. When it's underdeveloped or misdirected though...not fun.Sounded like an ESTP even before reading the other comments. Strong Se is pretty clear in any case, and he doesn't strike me as a Fi-Te user.This is exactly it. Just because I have inclinations to do stupid things doesn't justify me in doing them. Type is no different. But it's still valuable to understand that what's obvious or easy or simple to me isn't that way for others, and I struggle with things that most people can handle without a second thought. Makes communication a lot easier.Nope, have one as a roommate who's excellent.Yep, depression can really mess with things. From personal experience and observation (not anything official and fairly small sample size, so take it with a large grain of salt), depression usually either cuts people off from everything but their dominant, or it leads to some form of inferior "grip"-like situation. Taking your self-typings into account, I'd say you're likely an INFP who's just fallen out of touch with everything but Fi due to depression. If so, getting involved in enjoyable Ne-based stuff when you're up to it might help a bit, but I know it can be tough.

Take care of yourself, and find some good support and/or treatment if you haven't already. Given time, you can beat this. :)I think I'd have to give it to the NTPs (INTP vs. ENTP is a toss-up). Many NTPs mistype as something else, but I don't think the same is usually true in reverse. I suspect most of them are accurate, with the small remainder modifying their behavior to blend in without realizing they're doing it, to the point that they don't alter the atmosphere too much.

/r/ISFJ and /r/ESFJ are a close second. I haven't spent much time on the ISXP subs, but from what I've seen they're probably pretty good too. But that's about it for the accurate ones.

/r/ENFP has a ton of EXFJs. /r/INTJ is probably about 15% INTJ. TONS of INTPs, ISTJs, and ENTJs, and a few INFJs, INFPs, and ENTPs as well. /r/INFJ almost certainly has as many INFPs as INFJs, and a fair number of ISFJs, INTJs, and the occasional INTP ~~(including me???)~~ wind up there too. But I love it anyway - amazing sub.

Can't say I've spent enough time stalking the other subs to have a clue about them.My parents are ISFJ and INTJ. It has worked incredibly well for them over the years. They respect each other's different way of doing things, and therefore complement each other incredibly well and can accomplish things as a team that neither would have any hope of doing alone.

That said, be prepared to put tons of serious effort into the relationship, and accept that miscommunication and misunderstanding will happen. That's true of all relationships, but it goes double here. If you're both up for that, it'll go a long way.&gt; I generally make decisions with logic

So do I. But that logic is typically bounded by and derived from immediate Ni+Fe evidence and considerations.

From what I've observed, tertiary functions are used much more often than people generally seem to assume. The auxiliary isn't heavily suppressing it with constant use. That's why, contrary to popular belief, IXFJs are often highly logical in their approach to a decision (often to a fault, in my case), IXTJs are usually much more ethical and empathetic than people give them credit for, and ENTPs can be disarmingly persuasive and likable even when advocating unpopular contrarian views. I could go on, but you get the idea. The point is that in each case, the tertiary function is used often and somewhat effectively, and my personal theory is that people secretly want to excel in their tertiary more than they do their higher functions. But rarely will the tertiary go so far as to *override* the higher functions.

Is your logic derived from objective, concrete, external evidence (Te) generally subservient to validating, developing, and implementing your own inner value system (Fi)? Or is logic itself your inner value system of sorts, creating an abstract model of what logically makes sense (Ti) that is developed and validated by means of creating and organizing external support systems, values, and ideals (Fe)? I'm constantly told that I'm especially quiet, even by other introverted types. If I know you *really* well, I'll probably come up to talking just below the average amount.Yep. If I had to describe the ISTP in one word, it would probably be "focus". Not that other types can't do this kind of thing, but ISTPs have a certain way of magically synthesizing a pure optimization for whatever they care about.

Except relationships. /sI agree. I think Fe+Ti focuses on both changing others' views and revising one's own. The whole idea is that there is objective logical truth about what's best. Either of us could have it, so let's figure it out and get everyone on board with it already.

Fi+Te can be this way too, but from what I've seen it's only when they feel that there's a serious moral wrong that needs to be corrected. Fi+Te seems to me to be more concerned with having its views or perspectives *accepted* rather than adopted, at least when Fi is higher in the stack. 

So Fi+Te has more of a "You don't have to do things my way; just don't tell me my way's wrong." feeling to it. Fe+Ti would be more like "If you think my way's wrong, that's fine, but I kinda think yours is wrong too. So let's talk and figure it out so that we can reach a consensus, and whichever of us is actually wrong can fix it."

High Fi users out there, let me know if I've gone astray.It's definitely on the right track, and I definitely like it's simplicity. Considering it's lack of prettiness, it's surprisingly user-friendly, and I suspect it gives results that are at least comparable with other tests. 

According to that test I would be an INTJ though, but that's fairly common for tests to say about me. Assuming that I'm not just mistyped as an INFJ, I feel like it's due to quite a bit of Ni/Ne stuff in the thinking descriptions and questions - heavy focus on hearing about and exploring new ideas and developments, figuring out one's own solutions, etc. sound more like N qualities to me. As opposed to S functions, which tend to like to optimize and refine existing solutions and their related ideas.I'd say I'm a blend of the two, to the point that I'm not sure which I prefer. I suppose I do default to the experts' ways of solving problems at first, but I'm often not happy with those solutions and end up doing things differently anyway.Intellectually I recognize the benefit of critique and dissent, but there's no question that I'm really uncomfortable with it, even if I'm not the target. I'm much more comfortable if cooperation is prioritized where reasonably possible, and I think that system has unique benefits of its own.I readily agree with the entire INFJ section.I would attribute the difference to the unreliability of the tests, as well as the trickier applications of mbti to children. While type doesn't seem to *change* over time, most functions certainly aren't well-developed early in life. That could easily fool a test.

I'd recommend reading up on the **cognitive functions** and seeing what seems like the best fit to you. That method requires quite a bit of honesty with yourself about your actual strengths and weaknesses - who you really are as opposed to who you *want* to be - but if you do it right it's probably the most reliable way (short of being typed professionally) to figure it out.I'm hesitant to offer definitive statements about the types of people I've never seen or met. But you *really* strike me as an ExTJ, and more likely an ENTJ than an ESTJ.

I also have INTP tendencies. And ISFJ tendencies, INFP tendencies, and INTJ tendencies, and even the occasional burst of ENTP in the right contexts. When a situation calls for INTP-like behavior or ENTP-like actions, sometimes I can pull that off. But in all those cases, it's still mainly my Ni and Fe driving the behavior.Based on observation, I personally think it's possible at very early ages when a young child's brain is still developing. But for the most part, no.Let's see...2 ISFJ, 1 INFP, 1 ENFP, 1 ESFJ, 1 INTJ, and 1 ESTP (and one I can't seem to type, but we'll ignore that one). So that's 3/7 with high Fe, and 1 with low Fe. Slightly above the expected ratio if there were no correlation, but nothing too surprising.

Curious to see a bigger sample size.&gt; You often see people seeming really good at their tertiary, but it's most of the time a charade in service to their auxiliary.

Bingo. It seems like tons of people kinda want to be great at their tertiary - and on the surface they often do actually get there - but when things get serious, it's almost invariably the auxiliary that wins out.So, in an INTJ vs. in an ENFP then? Here's what I've noticed in the ones I know.

In my experience, ENFPs use Fi primarily to decide what's important to them. That is, dominant Ne floods them with possible ideas and possibilities to explore, and Fi is used to prioritize and value them. It brings focus to Ne and allows the ENFP to explore their "best" interests and values without getting distracted to the point of ineffectiveness, and allows them to glean personal meaning from those explorations. Finding more of that personal meaning seems to be a high-priority goal for many ENFPs, and Te is subservient to Fi in that it is used mainly to help explore Ne ideas in search of this meaning.

INTJs similarly use Fi to organize and priorities ideas, but it is subservient to Te in that (1) it fuels their choice of and enthusiasm for their goals, but is not the goal itself; and (2) the characteristic Fi individuality and search for deep personal meaning will ultimately be sacrificed if necessary to bring about their Ni-Te vision in reality. In other words, they often don't pay conscious attention to their Fi - it works in the background - so they often steamroll Fi without realizing it in the moment, being too concerned with developing and implementing large scale Ni concepts to glean the same personal meaning that a high Fi user does. But it does motivate them strongly when Te doesn't override it, and so often INTJs are quite strong-willed when *others* are steamrolling their Fi (or trying to get the INTJ to do so), or when the Fi values are also tied up in Ni goals, understanding, or ideals.About 20 minutes on average for me.Time to break the conspiracy - not lactose intolerant. That being said, I hate cheese with a passion, so I also have little concern for the price of cheese.How's your Ti? What are the most common ways you see it manifest, and what shortcomings have you noticed in your Ti?Ni is a perceiving function concerned with seeing underlying relationships between concepts, background meanings of things in a general or universal sense, or implications of present events (Se) in the future. It's about personal abstract representations of perceived reality. Importantly, though, it doesn't do anything with these representations. It's just looking for them - trying to *perceive* them.

Ti is a judging function that builds a detailed internal model. For an INFJ, it can take the perceptions provided by Ni and Se and organize them into sets of principles, patterns, models, methods, and so on. In other words, unlike Ni, which just seeks to observe abstract truths, Ti actually uses information to *decide* what things are like and organize it into some sort of logically coherent personal framework.I already mostly just listen to instrumental music, including instrumental versions of popular songs. I want to hear the lyrics enough times that I get the meaning, but once I've got it, I'm always reminded of it by the melody, and it usually sounds better to me.High Te =/= Work Ethic

If a high Te user has an objective to do as little work as possible and maximize their free time, they're insanely effective at doing so. School in particular has made a fair number of Te users I know ask "What's the point of this terrible system?", conclude ~~correctly~~ that there is no point to it at all, and do everything in their power to avoid letting it dominate their lives.Truly abysmal.

That's all there is to say about it.Ni is observation of how abstractions, patterns, concepts, and ideas affect the Ni user. It involves subjective evaluation of not what actually is sensed (Se), but the abstract context of what is sensed. It tends to draw connections between some current idea with other ideas that have impressed the Ni-user in the past, even when those connections aren't readily apparent. As a result, consistent, overarching, and abstract patterns and themes tend to come up often for a high-Ni user. 

These patterns are typically the source of the stereotypical Ni tendencies to try to predict implications or make judgment calls with seemingly (or not so seemingly) insufficient data, especially in INFJs. Ni draws on these themes to give the present situation contextual information, and the judging functions then figure out what to do with the newly coupled set of present information with its distantly related tendencies or implications that have impressed the Ni user in the past.

The major difference with Ti is that Ti is a judging, decision making function. While Ni perceives abstract context and considering its effect on the self, Ti takes in the ideas (Ne) or sensed experiences (Se) themselves and *decides* what to do with them. It does not consider the effect of ideas or experiences on the self, but rather organizes them into a personal, abstract system of logic which is then used to evaluate and interpret new ideas and experiences. 

So with Ti there is much less speculation, and certainly less focus on overarching themes that don't have clear, logical links. Ti's connections are much more systematic, and for the INTPs I have observed, Ne is typically used primarily to gather various new ideas to incorporate into this system (if they fit the system, that is). By contrast, the INTJs I know are prone to dwell on a few ideas and their connections, and to use Te primarily to judge and/or impact their surroundings according to these ideals or truths, and to confirm or refute the robustness of those ideas with empirical evidence.I use relatively simple analogies sometimes, but more often I ask questions when trying to make a point or to help someone understand my point of view.Welp, that's the first test to ever give me INFP. I'm almost certain that's not accurate - even if I am mistyped, ISFJ would be the clear alternative.

Very interesting test though. I'm curious how accurate it is across a larger sample size. I'd expect it to be relatively good.Father: INTJ
Mother: ISFJ
Me: INFJ
Brother: INTJI wouldn't say that we have little *control* over them exactly - more like we aren't naturally aware of them. They don't overtake or possess me, but they do subtly influence my actions in ways that I don't immediately realize are happening. 

For example, maybe I'm under a lot of stress due to problems with work. I won't recognize this for maybe a week. It'll kind of just keep building up. And in the meantime, it will affect how I interact with people outside work. I'll be just a bit more irritable and impatient. Once I realize what's going on, it doesn't take long to correct it, and it never really gets to the point where I completely lose control.

As far as how this actually feels...I really have no clue how to answer that question. I guess it's just never on my mind to begin with. I will say that I notice the change in my mood when my surroundings change significantly though.Here are my tentative results.

Aang: ESFP

Katara: EXFJ

Sokka: ENTJ

Toph: ESTP

Zuko: INFP

Iroh: XNFJ

Azula: ENTJ

Mai: ISTP

Ty Lee: ENFJ
&gt; INFJs don't come across as extremely caring and warm. We usually just don't.

Painful, but true. Well said.Yep, basically this. For all the things I love about Ne dominants, they really tend to overhype things for themselves. They'll get so excited about a new idea or something fun to do, and then five minutes in they're bored and ready for the next thing. This is because, in fact, *it's coming up with the fun ideas that they enjoy, not so much the experiences themselves.* For high Se, the actual doing of the thing is the culmination. Yeah it sounds exciting...SO LET'S GO ALREADY! We'll do ALL the things!!! And we'll enjoy it to the fullest for as long as it lasts. Let's get started!

Aang strikes me as being more the second type of person. Yes, he enjoys coming up with the fun ideas of stuff to do, but he dives right in and doesn't quit until either necessity or Sokka finally drags him away from it.Her Ni and Te are both really strong, so it is a bit hard to tell. I can see a good argument for INTJ. But I'd personally go with ENTJ based on which function seems to me to be her inferior.

Azula's Se is really not that bad. At all. She's quick to improvise, incredible at seeing unexpected opportunities, and extremely willing to drop everything to take full advantage of them. She makes elaborate plans, but is always ready to deviate from them to get an edge. It's part of what makes her so dangerous. INTJs and INFJs really aren't good at this most of the time. We're pretty good at seeing and influencing what direction things go, but when we're wrong or something unexpected happens, we aren't usually quick to react and adjust - or if we are we often mess things up in the process.

Azula's Fi is abysmal. Even most other Te-doms have better Fi than she does. She's completely out of touch with her own values and feelings, and even more out of touch with those of other people. She's prone to uncharacteristically irrational outbursts of rage, and beneath her calm exterior, she's struggling to process her feelings about her mother and (later on) Mai and Ty Lee's betrayal. Fi is her ultimate and true downfall, not Se. 

INTJs, by contrast, are typically reasonably good at dealing with their own emotional states and value systems. There are slip-ups from time to time, and they certainly don't excel at dealing with *others'* emotional states and value systems, but they can get by. Azula just seems to trample it with Te.Yeah, I think Sokka's a slightly unhealthy ENTJ. He has some ENTP-like quirks, but I think he just tends to point his Te at really weird things. He's a hard one to pinpoint though.&gt; magical unicorn seemed like the most logical choice.

Quote of the day, right here. Only on r/mbti.INTJ. You haven't truly lived unless you've thought you might be an INTJ at some point.Incredible music I haven't heard before, a profound and beautiful insight, or some really spicy food will do it every time. That's about it, though. Almost nothing sad will get me to cry.I don't want to attack you - I do want to help though, so I'll be blunt. I know the problem you're facing, and this isn't an effective way to deal with it. There's no need to be embarrassed and no point in lying to avoid it. Most importantly, there are ways to stop feeling that way all the time. Here's my advice:

**Don't let your Ni generalize internet experiences to in-person ones.** Most people don't know enough about MBTI to know what an INFJ really is, much less to be aware of the stereotype of INFJs as mistypes. Many who do will also know enough to recognize you as a true INFJ anyway. If you think otherwise, your Ni is being fed bad data, and is therefore producing bad conclusions and leading you to bad Fe decisions. Which leads to the next point:

**Don't let your Fe destroy your authenticity and your regard for truth.** From your own post, you're literally resorting to lying because you're concerned that people will see you as a liar. Don't let yourself become the very thing you fear people will see you as. Even if you're right about what people think, it's not worth justifying their criticism just to avoid experiencing it.

**Turn your Ni + Fe attention to others' problems, concerns, and needs rather than your own.** Ignore what people think of you. Ignore your fears. Ignore your own MBTI type altogether for a while. Instead, focus on others. What are *they* insecure about? What are *their* fears? What can you do to make them comfortable with themselves, at least around you? If they ask your type, tell them "INFJ". Short and simple. Then, ask about their type, how they feel about being that type, etc. Be genuinely interested in them. If you do this - if you become this kind of person - nobody worth talking to will think you're lying about your type for the attention, or just to prove something.Quite a bit, mainly because INFJ is a pretty common mistype. But so far I haven't been able to justify myself as any other type functionally. It's pretty tough. Sometimes it's hard to see your dominant function in yourself. Try the following ideas to get started:

**Ask others.** If they know MBTI, great! If not, ask them more general questions that might give you an idea of how your brain works on default.

**Look for your inferior.** What are you really, *really* bad at paying attention to? Or, if you're old enough for it to be decently developed, which function demands your full attention and effort to use well? Which one are you usually pretty disconnected from? Which one comes out and takes control in a very negative way when you snap?

Once you've got your dominant/inferior figured out, take the other two functions and **think about which one you tend to prioritize over the other.** You'll probably see lots of value in both the aux and tert functions, and want to be good at them both. But when the moment comes that only one can determine your actions (Fe/Ti) or your perspective (Ni/Se), which is it?

I've always thought of myself as logical. I mistyped as INTJ for ages because I thought I was *so good* at using my Thinking function, and because I really want to be the type of person who just does what makes sense, no matter what. But the fact is, when forced to choose, I almost invariably think in terms of group values first, rather than what makes the most sense to me personally independent of the group. Realizing this about myself was a big step in getting my accurate (?) type.

Best of luck!You don't strike me as an INFP at all. But I can't really distinguish between Si and Ni based on this.Bingo. 

I think the most abnormal thing I do that's readily apparent is research/discuss MBTI way too much. Not a huge deal. And yet, most people who know me well say I'm just weird. Not bad weird or scary weird or awkward weird (ok, maybe I have some of that one, but most people don't say it). Just inexplicably weird - weird in a weird way. And it drives me crazy sometimes.

It's not that INFJs couldn't ever want to stand out or be blatantly weird, so this is not an infallible mistype test. But judging from the INFJs I know, it's rare, and when it happens it's usually done to match some weird group they identify with.I definitely don't see it a lot. My personal experience is that when an INFJ has done blatantly unusual things with their appearance or behavior (also rare), it's because they want to be part of a clique and make those changes in order to do so. But it's definitely not your standard INFJ social strategy. And I'm not working off of a huge sample size either, so who knows.Only online, or maybe by very close friends. With most people, I'm way too careful to avoid giving offense to be perceived as blunt. Not the best quality, I suppose.I got ENFJ. It seems about right. Mature ENFJs are pretty much my favorite people in existence, and I often wish I could be like them. Mature INTJs and ENFPs are both close behind.Inferior Se can kinda kill most of the XXXJ stereotypes, especially for INFJs who also lack decent Te. If I've got a good Ni or Fe based reason, I can pull things together pretty well. And that's usually the case for me. Take that away though...*nothing* gets done. I'll be far too busy following the whims of Se to care about something so pointless as a deadline.My vote is for ENFJ. I don't really have specific evidence, but that was the vibe I got.Yeah, me neither. I'm pretty sure she uses Ni, but her main focus is outside herself. Everything in that tumblr post is accurate - just seems to me that she prioritizes Fe rather than Ni. That, and if she is an Ni-dom, her Se is *really* well developed. Inferior Ti seems more likely, although she's admittedly not too bad at Ti either.Consistency. And, as a result, often incredible efficiency at whatever they're consistently doing. I envy their natural ability to just slip into good routines and stick to them as long as they're useful.First off, I think just about everyone would say that they do what they personally consider logical. Setting that aside though...

I know an INFP who fits this description. It's because social considerations have a high priority in his Fi value framework, and that framework is logical to him (Fi is, in a sense, a logical function). The difference is that for him, doing what's socially valuable is a key part of who he feels he is and ought to be. Fi tells him it means something to him, so he has to be the kind of person who contributes...until something's asked of him socially that's against his nature, or that he doesn't see as valuable. Then, he's off in his own head faster than you can blink, coming up with ideas that *do* mean something to him.

By contrast, I usually do what's socially valuable because to me it just makes sense to do so, and it makes no sense to go against the grain without a greater-good sort of purpose. It's not that I see it as who I am, or that I see myself as a contributor. I just see it as the reasonable thing to do to make the system work a little better than it does. Even if it's out of character for me, I'll usually try to make myself fit the mold that's needed. Sometimes that's bad - I just have a tendency to lose sight of who I am. I haven't known an INFP yet who had that problem.Yep. And that's why we've got a world of trouble.Agreed. Most INFJs I know of claim to be in favor of individualism when it's presented as an abstract idea, but tend to dislike the more extreme expressions of it in practice - especially in themselves. The super individualist INFJs out there are usually mistyped INFPs or ENFPs, imo.

I think /u/GelfSara 's use of the word "autonomy" was much closer to identifying what INFJs (and N types in general, I suspect) are after. We aren't exactly individualists, but we're not typically willing to be conformists either, even when it might be beneficial to do so. An INFJ is not usually a fan of externally enforced systems, regimens, or practices.It does. I like this perspective, although I would say that "autonomy of perception" also describes Si better than most people think. The only difference is in what's being perceived. Even in that sense though, Ni could be considered more "autonomous" since it doubly abstracts from concrete reality.INFJ 9w1 here.

I agree with you completely on 4w5 INFJ. Certainly possible, but it'd sure be interesting to see. Here's hoping I meet one someday!

I'm not as convinced on 6w5. Basically, it seems like you're just asserting that a lot of ISFJs are 6w5 or mistype themselves as 6w5, and that a lot of ISFJs also mistype as INFJ, so quite a few will do both. All true, I think, and that certainly means the mistype will happen quite a bit. But contrary to what you've said, I think a fair number of INFJs could reasonably land on 6w5. Just because Si is best suited to find security (debatable in and of itself, but we'll assume it for our purposes) doesn't mean that Ni-dominants can't have that drive just as often as Si-doms, and simply be a bit less good at finding it. 

I would see an Ni-dom 6w5 as heavily focused on securing their future, so to speak. Figuring out what, fundamentally, makes others secure. Incorporating those elements into themselves and their surroundings. Striving to master any skills or attributes that they identified, through Ni, as being fundamentally important to finding and developing their support and security. Certainly not the most common mbti-enneagram pairing, but I don't see them as at odds with each other in any major way.

Interested to hear what you think.That makes sense. I definitely agree that both Si and Ni can be very future oriented - but Si would be by nature more grounded in the concrete set of "things" or people related to their security, as you say. Yes, there's a future element to that, but at least for a healthy Si-dom-6 I wouldn't expect it to be the focus. 

Ni-6 lack of security strikes me as uncertainty-based. This wouldn't be in the inferior Ne, worst case scenario sense, but more of a general lack of *any* idea what's coming, or at least no idea with confidence behind it. So Si security is found more in concrete consistency (which can be extrapolated to the future and encompasses a sense of certainty), whereas the Ni security I had in mind would be about having a good idea of what's coming, regardless of whether it's consistent. I'll admit that that's a little far from the typical idea of a type 6, but I don't know that it's inaccurate. I guess it may be more characteristic of a 5w6 than a 6w5 to see things that way, which you did say is probably more likely for an INFJ. I guess I'm becoming more convinced.

Anyway, long story short, I think you're right about Ni-doms' usual behavior and thinking - I just question whether that's actually at odds with being a type 6 in a significant enough way to make 6w5 notably rare among INFJs. Good stuff to think about - thanks!Solid post. Te has always been borderline incomprehensible to me, but this helped a bit.Si: Terrible when manifested in myself. In others, it's pretty refreshing to encounter in more casual contexts, and I really like how effective it can be. But if there's an important decision at stake and they disagree with me, it's not fun.

Se: Can't do it correctly yet. Ni won't let me experience anything without looking at what's behind the experience. And that often takes the stressful form of "shouldn't you be doing xxxxx instead?" Really nice when it works out though. I get along fine with Se-doms, and I think auxiliary or tertiary Se is pretty great.

Ni: It never ends. I really like talking to and working with people with this function, although I must admit it leads people to some *weird* ideas. Probably does it to me too, huh?

Ne: Mixed feelings. Sometimes I absolutely love it, and other times it drives me completely insane. Probably because I often can't tell the difference between when they're actually serious about an idea and when they're just slinging everything at the wall to see what sticks. I think it's easiest when they're Ne-doms, which would explain why I like ENXPs so much. Overall, it's pretty good.

Ti: Fun stuff. I like Ti quite a bit, particularly in the auxiliary spot. Just...don't step on my Fe.

Te: I really appreciate the clarity, simplicity, and level-headedness that high Te brings. Much like Si, I usually get along great with Te-doms until something serious comes up that we disagree on. At that point, I tend to mentally leave the conversation and just let them do whatever, because I don't have the will to fight that battle. Not the best response on my part, I fully admit. But explaining my Ni to someone else's Te feels too much like trying to break through a brick wall with a toothbrush. I much prefer Te in the auxiliary or tertiary spots. Can't use it myself to save my life.

Fi: Beautiful, but frustrating. Most of my favorite people have it high in their stack. I admire their genuineness, authenticity, and loyalty, and usually find myself looking to them as examples of the kind of person I want to be. That being said, did I mention earlier that I felt like high Te could be stubborn and hard to explain myself to? Because high Fi is far worse in that regard. It's usually gentler in disagreeing, which I appreciate greatly. But to my knowledge, I have yet to convince a high Fi user that they were fundamentally wrong about something, which isn't the case with any other function. Not saying they're incapable of changing their values, because they clearly are. But my particular way of discussing things just seems to have zero impact on them, and I haven't figured out what I can do differently. Anyway, rant over.

Fe: Incredibly easy to get along with. I feel like I'm on the same page with these guys more than with anyone else...usually. High Fe gets a lot of crap for being fake, and I think 95% of the time that's unjustified. But a few of them are, and I think it might be my most hated function when the user is cognitively unhealthy.&gt; Fe: Cute, dependable and FUN. Manipulative, the Real Masterminds/Commanders. Have a real interesting way of getting people to do exactly what they want. Kinda scared of this, ngl - please don't hurt me with ur kindness.

Hey now...don't blow our cover. ;)Yeah, thanks for this. It's hard to remember this sometimes. My original comment actually didn't include the "to my knowledge" qualification, but I went back and edited that in because of something like your line of thinking. 

Fi can be ridiculously stubborn in the moment, but I also never get the sense that they're totally brushing me off. Like, they value my viewpoint and want to consider it, but before they do that they're gonna resist like crazy and see what survives. Almost as if they're testing the strength of *my* conviction on the matter? Not really sure about any of that...but in any case, they're not usually the type to keep me posted on their thoughts on the matter afterward, like I'm inclined to do. So your thoughts square well with my experiences.

Like I said, I have the utmost respect for Fi - I hope I got that point across well enough earlier. The healthy users are amazing people, but the communication gap between them and me really drives me crazy, and I haven't had much success in improving it.3 and 4 have tons of Fi in them, among other things.

2 feels more like Fe or Ne has the most influence, tbh.

Having read the entire speech the first quote is from, I'm probably biased. But I'm going to call it Ni. By the way, if anyone's interested and hasn't read it, I highly recommend the [full speech](https://web.archive.org/web/20080213082423/http://www.marginalia.org/dfw_kenyon_commencement.html).I wholeheartedly agree with your assessment of the problem. This is a great idea on paper, but I think that whether the responses to this thread are justified or not, they illustrate the kind of drama we might see. Even so, there's a lot worth considering:

-A good reevaluation and discussion of typing methods/questions could be really beneficial. Within this sub, we see everything from letter dichotomies to function axes, about a dozen different sets of questions, Q&amp;As, online test results, cryptic declarations of someone's type from nowhere, analyzing the style of the response, etc. As you say, there's value in taking different viable methods, discussing the outcomes, creating/testing new methods, and coming to a consensus about an individual's type or even the methods themselves. We don't really see that happening here. Heck, even if the group never types a soul, and nothing comes of this other than a group of interested people finding each other, getting together, and going through that process (maybe through typing each other?) purely as a learning experience...I'd totally be down for that. Of course, if said group could then use that experience to help others find their type without creating widespread drama, all the better.

-If such a group forms and is advertised clearly (what the group has done to prepare is explained, etc), there's nothing stopping interested people from asking for a typing from the group. There's nothing stopping everyone else from ignoring the group. If nobody's interested, so be it. OP isn't advocating that said council polices /r/mbti and aggressively searches for mistypes (see Phase 2). It's not about authority. So I think most of the criticism here is unjustified and due to a misunderstanding of OP's point about type-policing early in the post.

-The point about exclusion brought up by /u/GrayySea is worth looking into. Is there any good way we could open things up without hurting contribution quality? Self-selection might be good enough if any significant time-commitment is involved. Hard to say.

-As for internal drama...just kick people out if they cause it. ;) /s

Anyway, /u/rdwier, if you end up going forward with any part of your plan, I'm happy to do what I can to help refine the idea and to help it succeed. I'm nowhere near authoritative on mbti, but I am enthusiastic about it. Feel free to send me a PM and let me know how you're thinking about proceeding.Yes, but for Fe-dom/Inferior Ti, building and developing the system (Ti) is both exhausting and more or less beside the point. As long as there's enough info to get a rough idea of the patterns and implications (Ni), and it's accurate enough to somewhat reliably recognize (Se) and implement in influencing the "feeling" atmosphere (Fe), that's basically good enough. Developing an intricate Ti model beyond what's needed for Ni to work with wouldn't be standard ENFJ behavior, or at least I wouldn't expect it often. Too little return on investment, so to speak.

For ENTJs, Te is the main consideration - I would think that a lot of ENTJs wouldn't even see evidence that MBTI is actually useful or reliable enough to bother with, and move on to other things. It's one of those things that you have to understand fairly well before you really see the value. Those who see that potential and stick around can work wonders with it, but I'd speculate that dominant Te is responsible for the lower numbers. And, similar to the ENFJ, even they will be more inclined to go out and do something with it than to deeply refine their understanding. Or, more accurately, they opt to deepen and refine their understanding *by means of* going out and doing something.Yep. I will say though that as an Ni-dom, I do think that high Ni is especially prone to this if the user isn't careful to check in with reality once in a while (Se). Healthy Ni-doms value evidence, the contributions and corrections others can make, and actual practicality. They will run their assumptions through a vetting process by evaluating evidence (Te), the values and ideas of others (Fe), practical considerations (Te and/or Se) and alternative Ni insights. Unhealthy ones just assume they're right in the beginning, and then use Te/Fe to gather whatever evidence is available in their favor.

Unhealthy INFJs are often like this too - it's not just INTJs. We're just typically more sensitive to what others will think of us if we act like we know everything, regardless of whether we're correct. So we're more prone to just become inwardly bitter and resentful of others' ignorance of what's really best or true.The difficulty here is that mbti is based on a theory of cognitive processes, and the tests typically focus on behaviors and experiences (shyness at parties, whether you'll talk to people or not, etc). This isn't worthless, as it gives an educated guess at your type, but like you've outlined, there are significant problems. Because ultimately, your type is based on why and how you make the decisions you do, not the decisions themselves.

Learning about the cognitive functions is probably your best move at this point, especially if you've already taken all the tests. I personally like [this guy's](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6rzdODmcL67yYuPIQI1nY_ct1P2TDUyv) Jungian Typology videos as a solid starting point. If you know anyone who really knows their stuff, talking to them could be useful too. 

Good luck!The hunch must be trusted! YOU CANNOT COMPREHEND MY COGNITIVE POWERS, MORTAL!!!To a point, yes. It goes to the original comment I suppose. I think unhealthy Si at least tends to put clearer boundaries on the things they'll claim absolute authority on - Ni could do it with anything. They think they know something about everything, and that's enough for Ni to "know" lots of things about everything. Si usually needs something more solid to grab on to.

But I feel like unhealthy Si is more...insufferable when you *do* cross them in what they see as their domain. Maybe that's my bias. Unhealthy Ni almost challenges you to discuss it and ~~be proven wrong~~ prove them wrong, even though they probably won't listen. But with unhealthy Si...nope. That's just how it is, and it can't be any other way. No argument.There are a few good sources. I usually recommend [Michael Pierce's Jungian Typology Lessons](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6rzdODmcL67yYuPIQI1nY_ct1P2TDUyv) for getting started. He's got some other good material too. Tough. Probably something like, "Will you tell me about your thought process while making the worst decision of your life?"

Should at least give me an educated guess about their dominant/inferior. If I'm lucky I can pick up on the rest too.Fun! I got INTJ on this one.As I understand them, both Ti and Te are capable of overgeneralizing or nitpicking depending on the context.

Ti is *consistency-based*. By this, I mean that it is concerned with whether a given set of data, assumptions, conclusions, etc. are consistent with each other. It seeks to form causal and other logical links between things (e.g: all birds have two legs) and will by necessity make generalizations when doing so. These internals models are not necessarily fixed, however, and when conflicting data is presented, a healthy Ti-user will question both the new data and their own model until a resolution is found. Even a single five-legged bird will cause Ti to seek a resolution - in this sense it can be extremely nitpicky. It wants a perfectly consistent model.

Te is *results-based*. The key question is "will this work?" It is most concerned not with internal consistency, but with consistency between input and output, so to speak. If I want C to happen, what must be done? Should I do A? B? Both? Neither? Notice that Te, like Ti, is looking for causal and logical relationships. The difference is that Te focuses on the external world of action -&gt; implication, while Ti focuses on the internal world of model-building and understanding. So while a Ti user nitpicks details with their model, they are prone to generalize the actual facts of the case. Similarly, a Te user can be nitpicky with the immediately relevant facts of a situation, but their internal model will often be generalized or oversimplified if they don't see how those internal details affect the outcome.

So, Te might criticize Ti for being too abstract and impractical, taking Ti's carefully constructed theory and demonstrating that, if applied in reality, it would break. Similarly, Ti might criticize Te for being too shallow or situational in their understanding, taking Te's refined system and demonstrating an inherent logical fallacy or providing a set of preconditions in which the outcome would theoretically change.

Fi and Fe are similar, in that Fi develops and refines a deep personal moral/feeling model while Fe seeks primarily to understand how to work with and impact a given moral/feeling environment. Fi will tend to nitpick their own model and oversimplify external reality, while Fe will tend to nitpick immediately applicable value/feeling details and oversimplify the underlying feeling system.

*edit: While I wrote this, some comments were made regarding the relationship to the perceiving functions. I absolutely agree that we can't consider the judging functions in a vacuum. They will behave differently depending on their position in the stack and which perceiving functions are relied upon by the user. An ESTP's auxiliary Ti, for instance, will tend to be less "abstract and impractical" in application than an ENTP's since it's working with Se data, not Ne. But the Ti model itself is still abstract and will generalize within the bounds that dominant Se allows it to.EXFP, more likely ESFP. There's lots of evidence for Pe-dominant in your enthusiasm for doing new and exciting things, as well as the short, simple style of your answers. I lean toward Se since you give me a vibe of enjoying the novelty and the experiences themselves while you're living them. Question 7 in particular seems indicative of Se rather than Ne.

I see quite a bit of Te in here too - probably tertiary. Question 4 especially strikes me as a non-dominant Te thing to say. Fi and Fe are both pretty justifiable, but I see no evidence that you're a Ti-aux. Fi makes much more sense. Inferior Ni is hard to spot, but it's reasonable.

I'd give it 75% that you're an ESFP based on this. Then maybe 10% to ENFP and a few percent each to ESTP and ESFJ as my next guesses.1. Thanks! Actually, I slightly preferred your comment to mine for its accuracy and clarity - particularly your later reply to the one you linked.

2. I'll do my best.

Like Te, Fe is a pretty results based function. Te might look at a Ti model and question its practical usefulness, or try applying it, see it break once, and reject it. Fe similarly tends to question the applicability of universal Fi models. If an Fe user follows some feeling-based procedure, moral principle, or maxim and it appears to them not to have the desired effect on others and/or themselves, they're prone to reject it, preferring instead to adapt their feeling behavior to the given situation's Fe evidence unless the procedure or maxim demonstrates repeated practical reliability. This earns high Fe-users a reputation of being fake or non-genuine. (Rant: from my ~~biased~~ perspective, it's not being non-genuine, it's just that these things aren't part of my model, who *I* am, in the first place. It's *extraverted* feeling. My internal code comes more through Ti, and I feel much worse about myself for violating a Ti-based principle. *That's* more where I feel inauthentic and non-genuine. But that's a bit of a tangent.)

Here comes a highly theoretical example. Yes, this is a drastically oversimplified and not a real example - and this also isn't a commentary on talking to upset people or on how Fe vs. Fi will actually behave in practice. I'm not giving either Fe or Fi enough credit here - Fe would likely go a little deeper than this, and Fi would have a much more nuanced scheme.

So, suppose there's an Fi principle that I'll always go talk to someone who looks upset to try to help them. I might say, "sure, that sounds reasonable, but I've seen tons of times when people just want to be left alone...I don't think that always works. I'd have to be there to know." Then I'll have reasons not to talk to some upset people. Why? Because I'm pretty sure it won't actually help - they'll just get more upset. There's some Ni-Se in there too I suspect, but you get the idea. The problem is, that could be an oversimplification I made of the underlying system based on nitpicked details about the given situation. Maybe I actually *should* talk to them because in spite of being visibly more upset in the moment (Fe might pick up on this), they're actually helped down the road by knowing that I care enough to ask (Fe might miss this part of the underlying system).

Now for an actual example that comes up pretty often for me. Once again, this doesn't represent all Fe users or Fi users - especially with regards to politics in particular. This is just how I've observed Fe in myself and Fi in others.

My political views are frequently at odds with the views of most people around me. When these discussions come up, I tend to avoid contradicting the prevailing view. Among close friends who I know won't take it personally or view me any worse for disagreeing, I'll gladly share what I think - pretty forcefully, in fact. But most of the time, what I suspect happens is that I get a "conflict" red flag from Fe. I "know" that conflict is a characteristic and cause of many bad relationships (thanks, Ni), so my instinctual reaction is to avoid conflict and stay quiet. Sometimes, I think that's the right call, but I've come to realize that much of the time I'm missing an underlying truth about how conflict affects a relationship - often positively, to be specific. It just has to be managed properly. My oversimplified model misses the mark, and I'm too busy evaluating (nitpicking) every possible external signal indicating how they'll take my disagreement. In reality, much of the time my disagreement would bring short-term frustration and anger but long-term increased mutual respect, trust, and understanding to the relationship, provided that I handle the conversation properly.

By contrast, many Fi users I know seem compelled on principle to voice certain of their political views whenever the topic comes up. I suspect it's part of their internal moral model to do so, because they feel so strongly about it (Fi). They seem to understand things I don't about the effect this has on them, the trust and authenticity it brings to many of their relationships, and the opportunities for increased understanding and better solving of the issue that will be missed if they remain silent. At the same time, though, there have been a number of occasions when from the second they opened their mouth, I could tell that everyone in the group would be going home unhappy and more biased in their views than ever - they oversimplified the details of the case, and didn't realize that the situation was outside what their model was meant to deal with (or maybe that's just my bias, and speaking out is exactly what they need to do in spite of the negative practical consequences...beats me). 

Last note: it's not just a matter of me being too reserved (sometimes). There are times I'll be quite vocal if a clear, immediate injustice is being committed (in my view, at least) while certain Fi users might not feel compelled to do so even if they don't like it, provided that the action fits their model. Or, at least, provided that their model doesn't compel them to prioritize it.

Anyway, I hope this is what you're hoping for, that my understanding is accurate, and that I didn't incite the wrath of any Fi or Fe users with my examples.Great thoughts, thanks! I'm not too knowledgeable about the roles of the 4 other functions in a given type (e.g., demonstrative), so I especially appreciate your efforts to draw some connections there.

&gt; When you're in the zone, you will be demonstrating quite a lot of Fi. But unfortunately it's impossible for you to consciously use Fi and if you try, you will end up using Ti instead which unfortunately will have the side-effect of making you stressed out. So you will want to avoid Ti as much as possible for Fi. It's quite the irony.

I'm really interested in this concept, especially as it might relate to developing Ti healthily. Like I said though, I'm not too knowledgeable here. If you'd care to elaborate further on what you mean, and/or point me in the direction of some reliable materials on the topic, I would appreciate it. :)



Thanks again. I'll look into it.This sounds so much like my INFP roommate and me. We're amazing friends. We share some great ideas with each other and can talk for hours, and he knows more about me than anyone else but one friend (an ISFJ). Even so, we both find each other's way of thinking almost incomprehensible, and often really frustrating. 

He'll say that he believes X because Y reasons. If Y just doesn't fully establish X, I can usually let that slide and express appreciation for their thoughts. But if Y can also be used to justify terrible thing Z, or Y is in direct contradiction with what he said an hour ago, or Y is a pure logical fallacy or a fundamental misunderstanding of the case as I understand it, then I feel obligated to point that out. My results are about the same as yours. On the other side of the coin, he'll occasionally accuse me of being unable to see the inherent beauty in everything, not giving a straight answer of what I feel or believe, being too anti-poetic (i.e: finding the holes in his 98% true poetic maxims about life that weren't meant to be perfect anyway), etc.

It's because of him that I started thinking I might be a mistyped IXTP. He brings out my Ti more than anyone else I know, including Ti-doms.Same here. I'll put things in the schedule that actually need to be done at specific times (showing up to work, for instance), but aside from that I just have a rough idea of where I want things to go, and I just kinda go that way. At best, I'll have a to-do list to make sure nothing critical gets left out entirely.*Checks mirror. 

Nope. Same shade of brown it's always been.I take it as a compliment.I feel like no other type makes sense for me, and I've had outside confirmation from people who have studied MBTI and cognitive functions pretty extensively and who know me well. Even so, I've had doubts about my type quite a few times. If I bend over backwards, I can somewhat justify a typing of ISFJ, INTJ, INTP, ENFP, or ENFJ. But I have to twist a lot of stuff to do it, and I can't hold the case when I bring it up with someone else and they start poking holes in what I say. At this point I'm just ignoring my uncertainty and assuming I'm an INFJ, because I've tried repeatedly to disprove it, and it clearly isn't working. Arguing that I'm an INFJ, on the other hand, has never been difficult.

But no. I'm not certain.I'll do what I can, but it'll probably take a lot of back and forth. We can do it here in the comments or via PM, whichever you prefer. A couple questions to get started:

a.) Can you talk about this a bit more?

&gt;And it's hard to know the core reasoning of what I do, simply because I don't really look into the reasons behind what I do that much.

What kind of reasons are we referring to? Do you mean you don't consider them in retrospect, or that you don't look for reasons as you're making decisions, or both? Etc.

b.) When you say you are not extraverted, what do you mean by this? What is your definition of extraverted?

c.) Why do you want to know your type so badly? In other words, what insights about yourself do you hope this will yield? Are you primarily concerned with knowing your own type, or do you want to grasp the cognitive functions and typology as a system? If the latter, why?I'm mostly reading through your responses to everyone else, but one more thing for the moment. You mentioned that there are a few issues that you feel strongly about. Can you identify anything about them that makes them important to you?I think seeing a few papers could be beneficial, as long as there are no weird requirements that would significantly affect your writing style. For example, a philosophy paper requiring deductively valid arguments and a relevant thought experiment would put some pretty heavy bias toward certain functions, unless the prompt is also given.Throw them online somewhere and post a link? Or just copy-paste the text into a comment/PM if you don't feel like going through any hassle. I don't mind, personally.Alright, between your answers, the essays, and your responses to everyone else, I've got enough material to keep me busy for quite a while. I'll check back in after a lot of processing and a good night's sleep. I may have more questions at that point to try to rule out possibilities.

After that, whether I've reached a conclusion or not, I should have a nice long explanation of my thought process that we can discuss, with evidence for/against each function in various positions in the stack.I’m cautiously going with INTJ. There’s a solid chance you’re an INFJ too, but I feel pretty confident about Ni-dom at least. I wouldn’t entirely write off ISFP, ENTJ, and INFP either, but I’d be a bit surprised to learn that you were one of those.
I’ll run through my reasoning behind the functions. The bit at the beginning of each section is an abstract description that I came up with of the function in that position, and is essentially independent of you. The quotes are things you said that I found particularly relevant, but are certainly not meant to be fool-proof, all-inclusive, or indicating that a function always manifests this way by definition. The rest is my explanation. If anything I say strikes you as inaccurate or incomplete, let me know and we can hash out the implications on my typing of you. I’ll be speaking as if I’m certain that you use these functions, but keep in mind that I’m not. I’m just stating things as I’m certain that I see them, knowing well that I'm not seeing things perfectly.

-

**Dominant Introverted Intuition:** Core tendency to focus on receiving information about ideas’ impact on the self and observe the harmonization of these impacts within oneself. Perceives subjective, internal possibilities and personal visions for the self. Contemplative interpretation of abstract, personal meaning.

&gt;“Why does any of this matter? I keep asking myself this, but it matters to me”

&gt;“I'm more oriented towards the future and working towards my goals and bettering myself now.”

&gt;“I want to simplify what I know is the complicated human condition, because even if its not simplifying it externally, at least it simplifies my understanding of it.”

&gt;“I hated math in high school because the teachers kept explaining how to complete the equation, but the only way for me to understand the equation was to understand the "why" behind it, which they couldn't explain, and so I never fully understood what I was doing”

&gt;“My thinking isn't super linear, because it tends to branch off as I try to understand the whole of the picture, and then arrive at a conclusion.”

&gt;“I think that if I am using it as a dominant function, or even as a secondary function, I see it as more of a thought process rather than a gut-feeling that it's always portrayed to be.”

Your entire focus in this thread is on how MBTI (an essentially abstract, non-concrete theory), and various ideas relating to it are impacting you, and especially how you feel they can impact you once you understand it and learn your type. There’s this unexplained desire to incorporate it, and this is in spite of your innate frustration with the lack of concrete, measurable, objective way to approach discerning your own cognitive functions (auxiliary Te). Despite that, something in you still says there’s something of value here for you personally. You can’t even point to it or explain it – your life is fine and there’s no clear reason for you to find this so urgently important. You’ve even tried to leave, but something won’t let you yet. All you really say about it that’s even close to concrete is that it’s about “understanding yourself better” and finding something to help “guide you better” in things that seem fine on the surface. And yet, the need is there and it’s urgent, because you’re observing the impact and potential of MBTI on your own inner self despite the lack of external evidence. You’ve also done similar things with other principles like communication (essay 3). This is Ni. You also claim to need to understand math fundamentally (the “why”) before you can do much of anything, even if you’ve memorized formulas. When considering your past, your natural focus isn’t on the impact that what actually happened had on you (what your piano teacher said, the lessons you learned from her directly and the impression it made on you: Si), but the impact that what didn’t actually happen had on you (what your teacher didn’t say or do, what you learned because of that, and the impression that process made on you: Ni). You say outright that your thinking branches off to try to understand the whole of the picture, and then arrive at a conclusion. “Here is A at the center of those details.” Therefore A. That’s the dominant Ni thought process – the “gut feeling” thing is common among aux and especially tertiary Ni users because it’s not consciously used very often in those positions.

-

**Auxiliary Extroverted Thinking:** Strong preference for using objective facts to form logical conclusions with which to organize and shape the external world according to some rational set of goals or standards. Tendency toward inference of general laws from particular external instances or evidences; i.e. induction. Integration of self with objective (external) logical standards.

 &gt;“Except all of the definitions of Ni I have read make sense on a definitional level, but not at all on a practical level. You can't fucking measure any of this is what's annoying.”

&gt;“I want closure dammit, but because all of this is arbitrary, how are you supposed to know which type you are?”

&gt;“I know the meaning behind these social niceties, but I don't really see the point of them simply because its rare for me to feel as if I belong.”

&gt;“But also, because with all of the types that I've looked at, I haven't been able to go, "this is it, this is absolutely my type." Even though I know it's not that simple.”

You constantly find it annoying that you can’t measure any of this cognitive function stuff. In spite of feeling deeply that it matters personally to you in some way, you keep asking yourself in frustration why it matters – the feeling that you’re lacking much external, rational validation of your Ni insight is troublesome to you, indicating Te. Since it’s central enough to your personality to fundamentally influence your approach to life, though not to entirely control it, it’s likely in the auxiliary position. It seems to me that it’s fairly well-developed. It’s a constant, strong check on your Ni that keeps you from running away with completely crazy, irrational Ni ideas: it’s what’s telling you things like “I need closure”, “I want functions to make sense on a practical level, not just a definitional one”, etc. The whole opening to this thread is essentially one big “My Te won’t quit yelling at me to find real evidence for my functions, someone give me something concrete to build on” post. You talk about the “social niceties” related to going out in terms of not seeing the point of them – Te looking for meaning in Fe considerations and finding them wanting. Similarly, but a bit less convincingly, you said you want to know your type for practical reasons, among a few other things.**Tertiary Introverted Feeling:** Inclination to develop subjective values and morality to organize and shape the internal world as it ought to be. Emphasizes importance of personal principles and establishment of internal values as a system. Individualistic. 

&gt;“I've pretty much measured everything I've said here, the opening even, "will people think that sounds to much like Fi? Or Fe?"”

&gt;“And with you saying that I'm an ENFP.... I've considered this, but again, I doubt it. Every definition of ENFP doesn't fit with how I perceive myself (even though I know that that's inherently flawed) because ENFP's seem disorderly, very spontaneous. Which I'm not.”

&gt;“Conversations terrify me, because I'm constantly measuring every word that I say, because I do care about what other people think, but at the same time I don't? God this is frustrating.”

&gt;“it's just I weigh it's argumentative significance first, which I think, to myself, is inherently wrong... because you shouldn't have to justify whether specific actions are wrong are not. Some things are just wrong.”

&gt;“I don't not have feelings, but they're not really there a whole lot. They come out unhealthily.”

&gt;“I KNOW (based on us having the same strict and, at times, overbearing parents) he probably feels a bit guilty about and just wants someone to acknowledge that what he did doesn't make him a shit person, but that it's just a human thing”

You constantly exhibit a fundamental (and clearly not strictly rational, but also personal) drive to understand your “self”, to develop a solid personal moral code, etc. It’s pervasive, to the point that I would almost be tempted to call you an Fi-dom if your Te weren’t as prevalent as it is. But you repeatedly state (correctly) your lack of understanding of how to develop this self-understanding and personal moral system, and frequently reference a sense of painful self-awareness when expressing yourself. This is probably underdeveloped Fi, which is to be expected of a tertiary function at your age (I’m assuming you’re a young adult, judging by your references to high school and siblings in college seeming to be referring to something fairly recent. That, and your use of the word “lit”). From the essays to the original post, you talk about finding it difficult to share what’s personal to you, and about simultaneously caring and not caring what others think about what you say. This could be associated with Fe as well, but I favor Fi because this seems to me to be not so much because you’re worried that what you're expressing isn’t complete or consistent with what you know (a Ni-Ti problem that I’m quite familiar with), but because you’re worried about its fidelity to yourself and the personal values and identity (including even your type/what functions you use, and how others might mis-perceive that information) that are inevitably reflected in what is shared (Ni-Fi). In discussing type/function possibilities with various people, you can’t seem to help referring to conflicts with how you perceive yourself, despite acknowledging that such an approach is “inherently flawed” (Te). This seems characteristic of an aux-tert tug of war. You find it important to develop a personal moral code, and seem tempted to judge yourself for not having arrived at very many moral conclusions yet. You feel wishy-washy when you’re not morally settled because you believe that right is right and wrong is wrong, even though you are aware via Ni and Te that you lack sufficient understanding and information to have decided on your stance with full confidence. Fe is often described as "wishy-washy", but most high Fe users I know don't feel that way about themselves. For us, it's more about understanding different perspectives and inherently valuing the good in each, **regardless** of who's "right", to the point that there's little or no feeling of wishy-washy-ness. In short, you’re reaching a stage of personal development in which you deeply want/need to develop Fi and are probably ready to do so, but you remain uncertain about how to proceed. Tertiary functions are volatile, and I think you sense that here.

-

**Inferior Extroverted Sensation:** Conflicted, difficult relationship with receiving information about objects on their own terms and observing their qualities. Limited awareness of reality and reluctance to embrace or accept it. Subconscious desire to enjoy actual experience for its own sake, but constant prioritization of the abstract and internal over the actual. Brief mental snapshots of occasional important moments. Reacts violently or unreliably to sudden sensory changes, but reacts positively to subtle or predictable sensory changes.

&gt;“but if someone wants to hang out with me (lol), if they ask me to hang out with them tonight versus next Saturday, I will almost never say yes to tonight and almost always say to next Saturday, because then I have time to prepare myself emotionally and think about what will happen.”

&gt;“I don't think that I'm a sensing type inherently. At least, I'm pretty sure of that, simply because I'm stuck in my head too much.”

You talk about never being fully present and always being in your head. You need time to mentally and emotionally process changes in your plans (and you’re not the only one. Don’t ask me to “do something tonight” either; you’ll be disappointed 9 times out of 10 unless I already expected you to ask). Despite this, you have a fascination with “safer” sensory aspects of life, such as piano and other music, fashion…this is primarily for Ni purposes and you use Ni reasoning to justify it, but you also seem to deeply enjoy these things for their own sake, to the point that piano was your escape hatch during particularly stressful early middle-school times. I also agree with /u/ChezMirage that you are likely experiencing an Se grip. See their explanation and the page they linked on the subject.

-

My main reservation on the typing has to do with the fact that there’s a significant amount of evidence for Fe. However, this evidence is largely in relation to your family, and/or equally explainable in terms of Te/Fi, whereas the reverse is not the case. In light of evidence on all sides, I think it’s more likely that your concern for your family’s emotional and overall well-being is an Fi principle that manifests a lot like Fe would in family settings. It's not a conflict of external, objective values vs. internal personal values, but a conflict between two internal personal values (honestly and your family's emotional well-being). If you treat everyone you fundamentally disagree with in essentially the same way you treat your family and for similar reasons, and if I’m misunderstanding what you mean when I say that you want to understand yourself and have a more immutable(ish) personal moral system in place, then I might be persuaded to an INFJ typing. But based on what I’ve seen, I think INTJ is significantly more likely.A few stray thoughts:

Basically any type can be really hard on themselves. I suppose in the context of a grip I'd expect it to be the most hardcore in inferior Fi. But I've known plenty of INFJs, INTJs, ENFPs, ISFJs, ISTPs, etc. that were really hard on themselves too.

Te grip looks like all the bad things about Te taken to its edge. Obsessively trying to use objective facts to support Fi principles and demanding that all heaven and earth conform to your unrealistic standard of how the world should be. Controlling or bossing others to achieve your goals. Relentlessly pursuing something that dominant Fi could easily tell you won't satisfy you, if you were only listening to it and trying to be in touch with yourself. Taking an individual case from your own external experience and assuming that this is clearly how the world is.

Regarding Ne, I honestly wouldn't expect a high Ne user to behave the way you have been (Yes, this is getting behavioral. Sue me). High Ne probably wouldn't mind not knowing their type so much over an extended period of time. I would expect high Ne to either (a) forget MBTI and go explore some new idea instead with hardly a second thought, or (b) enjoy the experience of exploring the possibility of being each type *strictly for the sake of the experience of exploration*. In my experience, Ne tends to enjoy the journey and not care about the destination so much. Remember that Ne is extroverted. It's not concerned with seeing how ideas and experiences impact the self - that's Si's job in an Ne user. It's concerned with perceiving the external ideas and possibilities *as such* - exploring them, conjecturing, finding new insights to explore, and maybe even testing a few of them. At least as far as Ne is concerned, though, all this is not done for the sake of reaching a conclusion that can be internalized or applied, but for the experience itself. 

Now, it's true that if you're an IXFP, Ne is an auxiliary function, meaning it's a tool and assistant for dominant Fi and will indeed explore ideas for an ultimate purpose - namely the shaping of one's personal values. That seems off to me, but I'll admit it's a possibility. You can decide if that seems to fit you or not. My main concern, however, is that this implies tertiary Si. I see literally zero evidence supporting Si as being anywhere in your stack (besides possibly inferior...which would require dominant Ne, which makes no sense to me for you for the reasons above). Since all your intuition seems directed inward to me, the easiest way to reconcile all this is to call it Ni.For reference, my "quick definition" of tertiary Si would be:

Inclination to perceive information about the impact of sensory experiences on the self, and to observe the harmonization of these impacts within the self. Emphasizes importance of imbuing past experiences with personal interpretation and meaning. Records and accesses key events.

Edit: Here's inferior Te as well. Conflicted, difficult relationship with the process of using objective facts to form conclusions with which to organize and shape the external world. Limited ability to set reasonable, realistic goals or standards for the external world. Subconscious desire to organize the environment according to inner principles, but constant prioritization of what ought to be over what is pragmatically possible. Occasional bursts of productivity or effectiveness. Frequent frustration with inability to effect the changes they desire to see, but finds satisfaction in "becoming the change they desire to see" and finding ways to have a subtle influence.Sorry, friend. I deal strictly in souls.

In all seriousness, though, I'd need more information to have any kind of confidence, and my weekend's just about over. If I had to hazard an unreliable shot-in-the-dark guess I'd say EXFJ.Yeah, and this is why ISFP would have to be my third choice after INTJ/INFJ, although I still think it's far more likely that you're an INTJ. It's reasonable to suppose that you might be an ISFP experiencing some unusually negative Ni-Te right now. When ISFPs get in a nasty spot, they start looking like an INTJ in most of the ways that would manifest themselves in online communication, so I really can't rule it out. Inferior Te's hard to spot if you're not seeing someone in person.

If I were one to gamble, though, I'd probably bet good money at this point that you're an INTJ, and certainly that you're one of those three types. I've yet to see enough evidence for aux Ne to justify thinking it's there when Si is so conspicuously absent, and when Ni is as blatantly present as I've ever seen it in someone I don't know personally. And your Se is either inferior or just being avoided via Fi-Ni loop.

As far as typing you goes, I don't really have the time to do any more in-depth analysis, and I doubt I'd make much progress beyond this point. As always, getting the final verdict will have to be your job. On the other hand, I'm happy to chat more about functions, their role in the stack, questions, etc. if you think it would help you do your own analysis.Selfishness and selflessness =/= Fi and Fe.

Could be that your post biases me toward your side of the story, but I'd say it's at least as likely that your high Fe friends are the ones who are being too selfish for the relationship.

Have you told them how you feel? Tried to communicate any of this, or to more deeply understand where they're coming from in their own words?You know why most of these problems exist?

&gt; Because ya know, we're always thinking that everyone will double cross us, talk behind our backs or just not be 100% trustworthy. Straight up, an INFJ does not trust anyone.

People can smell this mindset from a mile away, and they'll respond in kind. Trust me, I know. I suggest that you start working on opening up to people. Not to everyone, but to people you know are good. I think you'll be pleasantly surprised after a while.Yeah, not sure this is the place you're looking for. It's especially hard since we don't know the details or the severity of the situation. Best advice I can think of is to see if you can get a professional's advice. 

If "getting out of hand" means endangering the life of your friend or others, treat it like the emergency it is and find a hotline or other similar resource.Insufficient data. Typing someone over the internet is hard enough -
 typing someone being described by someone else over the internet...yeah.

The test result seems as likely as anything else, based on what you've said.Hard to say without much info, but I don't see any reason to suspect INFP based on what you've given. Your childhood and teen years sound about how I'd expect a young ENFP to be. Ne doesn't usually manifest as typical social extroversion.For best results, I'd recommend looking into the cognitive functions and typing yourself.

If I had to guess, EXTJ seems like the best fit. I'm not at all confident in that, but I'd look into those first.Heh, showoff. /s

I'm a bit curious - was a huge chunk of that one or two things that blew up, or are you consistently getting around 150 every day?

As for me, I've gotten 668 over a year or so.You break the stereotype. That, and a ton of the ISTJs that are interested in typology think they're XNTJ.Sure.

Because of faulty online type descriptions and tests (and the S/N bias they tend to exhibit), lots of people assume they're a type they're not. Unfortunately, N types get described as having the strengths of both N and S. So S types often identify with their N counterpart's type description. INXJ types in particular seem to draw in a lot of people. Even your typical Ni function description sounds a lot like Si to me. 

ISTJs commonly end up self-typing as INTJ, as do ISFPs, ESTJs, INFJs (I thought I was an INTJ for a while, in fact), and INTPs.I think there's room for both. Priority goes to developing the auxiliary function. That's where there's the most potential for growth, and the best balance for the dominant. But it's great to at least recognize the value of things you're naturally not inclined to, and let others who are more inclined take care of that aspect of life without discounting them.MBTI tests - particularly the unofficial online ones - type mostly according to expected behaviors of the four dichotomies. A few of the better ones type according to expected behaviors of the cognitive functions. But they're almost without exception behavior-focused. Because of this, results will vary over time depending on your circumstances, mood, mindset, and stage of development. If something's bringing out your auxiliary or even your tertiary more than usual, that'll often be reflected in your test results (tests have given me INFJ, INFP, INTP, INTJ, and ENTP as results). This is doubly true for those that use the dichotomies rather than the functions. Getting help from people online is slightly better if they're familiar with the system, but it's still fairly unreliable for similar reasons. So yes, it's easily possible to get conflicting results due to the auxiliary function, as well as the tertiary.

If you're self-typing and you're willing to get a solid grasp of the cognitive functions, your results will be much more reliable. But it's not something you can just do in a day, or you'll still run into similar problems - second-guessing yourself all the time because of current or recent behavior patterns that aren't central to your personality, but are largely imposed or distorted by circumstance. It takes a lot of studying, introspection, reflection on your past, and gradual development of awareness of your own cognitive preferences and shortcomings. If there's someone who knows you really well in person who is also familiar with the functions, they can be a great help as well.

If I had to hazard an uninformed guess, I'd say you're most likely Ne dominant. Flip-flopping on F/T suggests that they're auxiliary/tertiary functions. Unless Ni-dom seems feasible to you, that would imply Ne-dom.Meh. Making sense is overrated.I agree on all except Azula's trio.

Azula: ENTJ. Right down to stereotypical exaggerated inferior Fi.
Mai: IXTP, probably ISTP.
Ty Lee: ENFJ. I've found that certain kinds of ISTJs have a way of catching my attention. The reliability, consistency, and structure they bring are so refreshing when they're mature enough to still be open to new ideas. There was also one ENFJ that I was interested in, but she moved not long after we met. We did one casual date, but never got to a point that it was worth the hassle of trying to manage the long-distance thing. That's correct. In theory, type doesn't change. Behaviors change, but the underlying cognitive patterns - the tools one naturally uses to process and interact with the world - stay the same.

The problem is that tests use behavior to try to infer the underlying cognitive patterns. So when behavior is dramatically affected by other forces; say, for instance, a mental disorder or a powerful medicinal treatment; the test will give inconsistent results. ES_P, almost for sure. And I don't say "almost for sure" very easily when typing people online.

The things you mentioned reading seem to be mainly describing behaviors that are correlated with types. There's plenty of room for exceptions in those descriptions. I've met ESFPs who do incredibly well in school.For clarity, are you asserting that functions, attitudes, and so on as explained by Jung don't exist at all, or simply that the functional stack model is unsupported? I can understand the latter view, since there's no clear reason that the preferred attitudes must follow an alternating (or any other) pattern down the stack, and the empirical evidence that they actually do so is admittedly lacking. But the former view seems less defensible. I had understood that Myers' dichotomies themselves were based heavily on Jung's functions and were intended to be a way to more effectively measure them. Two of the four dichotomies are essentially the same as Jung's descriptions of the functions, and the I/E dichotomy is essentially what Jung started with before applying the concepts of introversion and extroversion to specific functions as attitudes.Thanks! So the claim isn't that color doesn't exist, but that there exists no sharp line between blue and green the way we usually pretend. And it doesn't follow that we shouldn't ever refer to things as blue or green - it simply follows that if we want a solid scientific understanding of the causes of our observations, we need to drop that model and take our findings on their own terms. 

So we can talk about Fe, Si, and so on to categorize things if we want to, but the point being made here is that it's a strictly arbitrary way to divide things. On the other hand, the Big 5 / MBTI dichotomies are in fact claimed to have support as (mostly) independent, observable, testable spectrums with consistent application to reality - at least as consistent as can normally be expected in a field like psychology. Is that about right? Correct me if it's not. I'm still researching the subject and am even more liable than usual to mix things up.Economic Axis - Centrist: Equality 40.9% - 59.1% Markets

Diplomatic Axis - Peaceful: Nation 38.8% - 61.2% World

Civil Axis - Moderate: Liberty 58.1% - 41.9% Authority

Societal Axis - Neutral: Tradition 50.7% - 49.3% Progress


And that's what happens when I see ambiguity in half the questions they ask me.I got INTJ. Interesting method - I like the concept.Ni yearns to *interpret* situations like that and internalize the core meaning. It just observes the impact of hidden meanings and ideas behind experiences on the user.

I think any type can enjoy thrills, but some are more likely to than others. In my experience, INFJs are pretty near the bottom of that list.Yeah, pretty sure Obi-Wan is the only INFJ on that list. Even he's debatable (ENFJ also seems reasonable - he lived off on his own more out of necessity than personal preference).

I suppose I could be convinced on Kylo Ren as well. I haven't decided on him yet, mainly because we just don't know enough about his deeper motivations and intentions. INFJ's as good a type for him as any, but I'm waiting for further data. Check back next month. ;)Very well said. As a religious political conservative, I can confirm that the "traditional"/"conservative" association with Si works in reverse too. Until you get to know me, I look like an ISFJ stereotype. But I don't work anything like that underneath. Excellent post.

&gt; At this point you might be asking, “So what is intuition, really?” My answer is that I don’t think I can give you a sufficient answer, because I don’t think my brain works that way, as far as I know. I think being intuitive simply means you naturally generate ideas (theories) without caring about the reality of it all.

You're on the right track here. I wouldn't go so far as to say intuition doesn't care about reality, mainly on the grounds that some element of reality is what inspires the ideas and theories. But it's true that once they get going, these ideas gradually acquire a very real element of independence from things as they really are. That's why it becomes so difficult to articulate, I think. Being forced to pin those thoughts back to reality with words is irritating. The only thing about Ni I really disagree with you on is the "gut instinct" thing. I get where you're coming from, but the "I just know" things aren't code for "I have literally no clue, but I still know I'm right." It's actually more like code for "You'll think I'm crazy and won't listen if I tell you 'I know because the principle behind this idea seemed to hold true in high school chemistry, my best friend's love life, that one time I learned to play tuba, and World War I, so I'm fairly confident it'll also work now if we apply it to throwing Joe a surprise party', plus I couldn't remember or explain all that offhand anyway, so just trust me." 

It really is like Si in that it's drawing from the past; it's just not drawing from past details and data. It's drawing from extrapolations of that data - unseen lessons and principles that it thinks the past experiences instantiate and represent - and extrapolating on those to get new applications and theories. Hence the stereotypical vaguely stated maxims of wisdom that may or may not actually apply as intended. As you pointed out, intuition is not known for being reliable, and for good reason. Habitually extrapolating on extrapolations really tends to go off course if you let it go unchecked by the other functions. With frequent checks, however, it yields excellent insights that go way beyond a gut feeling, much like Si goes way beyond "this is how it's always been done" if you give the other functions the light of day.Yes. All intuition is the process of exploring these abstract, theoretical, or tangential concepts and internalizing them within oneself. When intuition is being extroverted, the emphasis is on the exploration of the ideas as such, on their own terms. When introverted, the emphasis is on the exploration of the ideas' impact on your own self as they are internalized.According to cognitive function theory, each personality type is determined by which cognitive functions are preferred. They're what the name suggests - functions (patterns, methods) of cognition. They can be thought of as traits, but they are more pervasive than that term connotes. They're patterns of thinking, and so a personality is typically associated with a variety of traits that tend to (but don't always) manifest as a result of their specific set of preferences. But the MBTI personality doesn't account for all aspects of a person, does not *necessarily* determine any given traits, and is not closely tied to the concept of identity. There's a big difference between the tools one relies upon to shape and interpret the world (functions) and the purpose one is working toward in doing so (identity).As an INFJ I obviously can't give you what you're looking for. But I've faced similar problems with Se, and thought I'd mention that often the inferior comes out to wreak havoc when the auxiliary gets neglected and the dominant is overused. Building up my Fe helped me put Ni concerns in their proper place and relieved a ton of undue stress. If you think your pattern might be similar, I strongly suggest working on Ne as well as Te.

Good luck!Most of the online tests are unreliable. I'd recommend you either take an official one, or do some serious research and introspection and come to your own conclusion, treating the test results (take several for more data) as an educated guess to guide your research, not the final word.Yep, sounds familiar. [This source](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/development) was really helpful to me - I'd highly recommend checking it out. Here are a few snippets from the section on the inferior that you might find particularly relevant.

&gt;When one overuses/overextends the dominant function, it gets tired (and makes you feel tired), wanting rest and reprieve. The dominant can get overextended for a variety of reasons such as: too many life stresses, emotional turmoil, tough transitional periods in life, mental illness, or even general fatigue from intense/demanding daily living. When a person is drained of mental energy and the dominant function starts to break down, inferior impulses are likely to intrude into the mind and produce behavior that seems out of character due to its opposing nature...For many people, experiences of the inferior function are negative because they often accompany low periods in life or uncomfortable emotional states. Any time you “lose yourself” for a moment is when the inferior function can create mischief. Since your ego treats the inferior as the enemy, you will unconsciously feel insecure about its movements, and this can sometimes manifest as odd little quirks or signs of unconscious defense in daily life...

&gt; Sometimes, inferior pressures burst back onto the scene in a very abrupt and distressed manner when a person feels overwhelmed by stress. This state of mind is sometimes referred to as being in the grip of the inferior function (a term coined by Naomi Quenk). Inferior impulses are very primitive coping mechanisms for dealing with dominant function failures or fatigue, so they often manifest in childish, negative, unhealthy, or destructive behavior. When there is a “power vacuum” in the mind due to dominant break down, the inferior function rises up to fill the void because it is “bouncing back” from the extreme force of constant repression, much like an overstretched elastic band finally snapping back into itself. If a grip episode is brought on by sudden environmental stress, one should properly alleviate the source of the stress in order to bring the personality back to normal functioning. If you frequently exhibit grip behaviors, it would be necessary to examine the sources of stress in your life and learn good stress management skills...

&gt;If type development stalls because the tension between the dominant and inferior function is never properly addressed, a person is likely to show more and more serious signs of personality dysfunction...To avoid grip episodes or to tamp down the negative aspects of the inferior function, it is important to avoid overextending the dominant function. The best way to achieve this is to develop the auxiliary and tertiary functions in order to create more pathways in the mind for absorbing stress and shocks. When your first three functions work well together, you adapt better to changes and challenges in life, thereby removing the openings for the inferior function to snap back at you. You can only develop the inferior once you have developed and reconciled the auxiliary and tertiary functions because, without this “bridge”, it is simply too easy to misuse the inferior function since it is quite out of reach. When your auxiliary-tertiary pair are perceiving functions (S/N or N/S), you need to learn how to gather just the right data in order to form correct and realistic judgments that can balance dominant and inferior concerns...The auxiliary-tertiary team helps clear up all the dust and debris in the mind, making it possible for you to see the inferior function with more clarity, only then is it ready for substantial development because you no longer see it as a threat and thus do not need to keep fighting against it. Yeah, social chameleon covers the IJ part but doesn't really touch "creative output on the human condition".

If you combine the NF and IJ summaries, to me it suggests someone who identifies core elements of human well-being and goes about attempting to improve whichever ones are most critical and deficient in those individuals that happen to surround them (distinct in this way from the ENFJ "activist"-like archetype, which is more inclined to attempt broad, large-scale change). The end result is something very much like a therapist/counselor, but perhaps broader in the sense that their efforts are not necessarily limited to those who come to them with a 'problem'. 

The archetype should exemplify this NF/IJ notion of taking abstract principles on the general human condition and applying them to their particular environment in a focused way to refine specific needs or desires of given individuals. I would suggest something in the ballpark of "mentor", "counselor", or "teacher".Best word I can think of for ISTJ is "troubleshooter".

ESFJ is something like "diplomat", but probably less formal/restricted. Can't quite find the word.

The current ESTP one assumes that the appetite is for power over individuals, which isn't necessarily true. Abstractly, I would describe the combination as a focused drive and capacity to remove obstacles to some goal. Still hard to summarize in one word.

INTJ sounds like a practical philosopher.I could see troubleshooter working for INTJ I suppose, especially in the usual context of the word. I had more physical things in mind that would lend itself to ST more than NT, but you're right that most of what we think of as troubleshooting is fairly abstract.

What would the ST equivalent be then? Maybe some kind of mechanic or inspector? Technician seems to encapsulate it better, but is too broad. Hmm...

Anyway, glad I could help a bit. Good luck!Regard it as exactly what you just called it, a careless remark.

The core thing he ultimately tried to express to you was a very high compliment. His initial assumption was probably not as bad as it looks. Almost universally, people are *terrible* at spelling and grammar in their non-native language(s). Heck, most people aren't great at it in their native language. Honestly, I tend to make similar assumptions of non-native english speakers' spelling and grammar for the simple reason that I virtually never see any counter-examples. Not because non-native english speakers are dumb, but because even brilliant people usually find it very difficult to truly master two languages.

Yes, he expressed these assumptions carelessly. Like you say, he's lacking in Fe skills, and you know that. So give him the benefit of the doubt, assume the best possible intentions, and accept the fabled "INTJ compliment" (©, *TM*) you received immediately afterward.Ah, I see now. Engineer's pretty solid.I see that INFJ isn't even a playable class for the career-game. Guess that's why we all alt as INTJs or INFPs. ;)Yeah. The learning curve for this game is still so high that a lot of players don't even have a solid grasp on what the objectives are. If new players ever have easy access to resources that help them pick up the underlying mechanics more quickly, I think we'll end up with a roughly balanced meta. At least compared to most games I've played.As you say, both Ni and Ne can be used for strategic thinking. For that matter, so can Si and Se. This is because both sensation and intuition are simply perceiving functions. They are used to perceive data, and that data can then be used to strategize. And yes, they can all also be used to consider the future. When it comes down to it, Ni and Si rely equally on past experiences for their data.

Strategy is probably best associated with thinking. Ti and Te are the ones that deal with logical implications, systems, detailed probabilities, and the like.

So it's frequent non-strategic, future-oriented thinking in order to feel more prepared and less anxious...is that right? If I had to hazard an ill-informed guess, I'd say that what you describe seems most likely to be a fairly healthy and strong Si over lower Ne (awareness of and some fascination with possibilities, but not as an end in themselves, tendency to feel anxious if not prepared - probably means no Se and is common for unhappy Ne - and seeking understanding of meaning of repeated past experiences), with your thinking function being either tertiary or inferior (not inclined to be strategic, can feel prepared without requiring a firm logical/strategic grasp on things). If so, that'd make you an XSFJ.

Take that with a grain of salt though. My information on you is limited to a couple paragraphs and could easily be misinterpreted.I can more or less confirm. "Likelihood" just isn't in Ni's purview. That's more of a Thinking task.

Ni attempts to distill truths, patterns, and connections from the "essences" of its past experience, internalize them, and observe the impact they have on oneself (it's much like Si in this way, it just isn't concerned with actual sensory or even factual details as such, but with the essence of what happened and why). Then, *with the help of the other functions*, these truths and principles can be applied to the present and future and the "most likely" outcome can be determined by Te or Ti.

However, Ni is converging in the sense that it is focused on attempting to harmonize all these disparate truths and ideas it observes within oneself as a cohesive whole. If two possibilities conflict or appear to conflict, it wants resolution.Ah, you having general anxiety potentially changes things up a bit. Basically anyone who has that will prioritize avoiding anxiety triggers. I really need to get this low Ne - anxiety association out of my head.

Anyway, still sounds a lot like Si and Ne to me too. But I'm not sure which is on top. Any idea where you stand on thinking and feeling?1. INFJ

2. Yep. Top priority is to sit in the first few rows to ensure I can see and hear everything and don't lose focus. Next priority is to sit next to wherever potential romantic interests are sitting/tend to sit. Finally, all else being equal, I prefer front row, mostly off to the side with a door, but not the very edge. Makes for best combination of good focus and quick exit.

3. Nope. I'm not entirely uninterested, and I'll act if there's a particular need I feel is important for me to fill. But I don't make a habit of it.

4. Depends on the day. When I get some, they generally sit around for a few months until I'm in the mood for them.

5. Not really, for much the same reason that I don't usually think of my arms or legs as tools. Ultimately both knowledge and limbs are tools I suppose, but I don't normally think of them that way.

6. You must construct additional pylons.

7. Pretty often. Usually whenever I'm walking somewhere.

8. Both.

9. Varies widely depending on the day and who I'm socializing with. I'm fairly reserved on average.

10. ~~Construct additional pylons~~ Spend time with family. They're amazing, and we usually have some insightful discussions.&gt; Well it makes sense to associate low Ne with anxiety, because isn't that generally how unhealthy low Ne manifests because it contemplates all that could go wrong?

True, but it's a fairly specific kind of anxiety isn't it? And it's not like other types never become convinced that a bunch of terrible things could happen and at least one probably will. Even though I still suspect there's a decent correlation here, I just run into too many false positives due to GAD and the like.

&gt;I don't know where thinking and feeling belong in my function stack. I never know what it means to make decisions based on "what feels right." Does that mean you actually feel "positive" emotions when you do something that supposedly aligns with your morals? And vice versa?

It varies from person to person. "Feeling" in MBTI isn't necessarily emotion, although emotion is sometimes involved. Rather, feeling emphasizes conforming thought and action to value judgments. While basically everyone does this, high-feeling types tend to do so even in the face of logical incompleteness, or sometimes even logical inconsistency.  High-thinking types generally feel the need to justify value judgments using logic before placing much weight on them, and are usually willing to violate the values of society and/or their own right-and-wrong inclinations if they can't find good reason to back it up. If they're auxiliary and tertiary, like they are for me, inner conflicts about these matters are fairly common. But the default answer is to go with the auxiliary. It generally takes really compelling logic or a key Ni-based principle to convince me to go against the values or surface-level best interests of the group. For me, logic is more a means to explore the intricacies of the values I hold, develop them, discover and incorporate new values where they fit, and make minor revisions to make my system adhere to  a coherent logical system (Ti) while still being (mostly) acceptable and beneficial to my community and society (Fe). I'm a fan of philosophy for this reason.D.Va, Zenyatta, and Pharah are my go-to characters. I can also get by as Bastion or Reinhardt if needed.Having seen video of him, INFJ makes the most sense. I don't ultimately agree with him, but his line of reasoning and general behavior in front of the camera strikes me as very indicative of Ni, Fe, Ti. ISFJ would be my second guess, followed by ENFJ.Mom: ISFJ

Dad: INTJ

Brother: INTJ

Best friend: ISTJ

Mentor: ENTPComment of the day, right here. *applauds emphatically*Type: INFJ

Openness - 67%

Conscientiousness - 56%

Extraversion - 15%

Agreeableness - 75%

Neuroticism - 46%For the record, I think your description of Ni in your original post isn't too far off - better than most descriptions I've seen. But I think you're misrepresenting Si a bit.

What you're describing here in this comment is more like Se and Ne. Neither Si nor Ni really cares about the direct experience of the cold thing. That's Se. Neither Si nor Ni really cares about what you saw beyond the cold for its own sake either. That's Ne.

Si is concerned with the impact of sensory stimuli (e.g. the cold thing) on oneself. It is unique not because the experience of cold objects is unique, but because it will impact the subject differently than it will impact anyone else - and observing *that impact*, not the cold itself, is Si's concern. Ni deals with impacts from non-sensory, abstract stimuli, but the focus is still on the impact, just like Si. It is unique for the exact same reason. *They're both about on the unique impact on the individual self.*

The difference is that Si is focused on impacts from direct experience and therefore usually brings the subject in line with reality, but often only with a piece of it. Ni is focused on impacts from ideas beyond direct experience and is therefore usually able to encompass and harmonize many perspectives within the subject, but often includes perspectives that don't actually exist or are otherwise disconnected from how things really work.

**edit:** In your original post, you talked about Ni "deciding on a perspective." "Decide" is generally more of a thinking/feeling word, but I see where you're coming from. I'd suggest thinking of it more as synthesizing various internalized perspectives into one holistic perspective within oneself. Once again, Si does essentially the same thing, just with a different kind of input.Aww, thanks! :)

That sounds right, although the book example makes Ni sound better than it is. For good or bad, Ni-doms, at least, don't limit ourselves to carefully formulated ideas others have come up with, written down somewhere, and successfully managed to publish. It can be virtually any idea that happens to find its way into our heads. It can be from a book, off the internet, something that comes while listening to a touching song or watching a tragic movie or seeing a beautiful sunset, or an insight into a pattern that all civilizations throughout history seem to follow. Or it could be something we come up with right after shutting ourselves in our room for three days straight after being betrayed by a close friend, getting almost no sleep and having nothing to eat but 2-week-old orange juice and several bags of Cheetos, with our only interaction with the outside world being a binge-watch of season four of M.A.S.H. on the second night. 

See the danger? 

That's why Ni is prone to wandering into the unreal and the unrealistic, fixating on it, and internalizing it, unless we check back into reality often via our Te or Fe. That's also why it's tempting to think of Ni's output as especially . . . well, unique. It's not required by its nature to ground itself in anything resembling reality. It can be literally ANY idea or concept that our other functions will tolerate - but it's not the idea itself (Ne), rather it is the idea's impact on us and its synthesis with the other ideas we've absorbed that interests us.Aww, come on. I thought it was pretty good. At least he doesn't think it's predicting the future like a witch. :D

In all seriousness, though, I think it's pretty good Lastrevio. Although I think I can see your Ti creeping in. It feels like there's a fair amount of situational application of subjectively derived if/then implications (pretty Ti-ish stuff, even if the implication is vague), and not quite focused on the Ni-style internalizing of ~~what we arrogantly believe to be~~ universal truths, and then "going into yourself", as you put it, to find the answer when you need it later. 

At least for Ni-dominants, that process yields something a bit too strong to call a hunch, I think. Tertiary, inferior, and possibly role Ni users would probably find the word "hunch" the most descriptive of their experiences with it.Love it. Like you say, Ni-doms are basically always doing this unless something in the external world urgently demands full attention. So to someone else - even sometimes to ourselves - it seems like it just comes to us because we don't appear to *do* anything special to make it happen. Hence the misconception.

Fascinating stuff about ignoring Ni in Ne-doms as well. Hmm. Just a thought, but I wonder if that notion is part of what draws so many NFPs (stereotypically, at least, but the stereotype comes from somewhere) to artistic/literary expression as part of their lifestyle. Maybe it's a way to engage with this stuff in a way they actually value. Maybe just accepting their anxiety feels like meaningless nonsense, but to actively create a symbol of the anxiety within you in the world (Ne), and in so doing, symbolically be reconciled with it and even find valuable personal meaning from it (Fi)...that could be something more. And it eliminates some of their more critical Ni business they would rather avoid addressing directly.Nothing like zipping along the freeway at 75 mph and suddenly realizing the flow of traffic starting changing a while ago while I was inadvertently in my own head for the last few minutes and so now I can't get into the other lane and are you serious I just missed my exit, and oh crap now I have half a second to hit the brakes or...

Yeah, can I temporarily become an ENFJ when I drive?
See, I've always thought of myself as an extroverted INFJ, so Ni is my dominant function. But I'm havin. A hard time distinguishing my own function based on your explanation. I swear I'm an Ni user but... your extroverted perceiving function seems so persuasive...INFJ. Sailor Pluto. Savior of time. Nuff said. Hmm. Date meaning the person or date meaning like a first date? 

Person: I have no ideal. I'm in an ENTP relationship right now but I tend to enjoy NF personalities more romantically. I am not a very sexual person so personality and compatability have a lot to do with who I seek out. Intelligent. Laid back. Inquisitive. But mostly they need to be a caring and wholesome individual. I definitely sort out the no-goods easily lol. 

Date location: For a first date, something simple (coffee, a drink, public place with consideration for lots of conversation). An ideal date would be less organized big could be anything. A homemade dinner at home, a day on the beach and pizza and ice cream afterwards, a trip to the amusement park even. As long as I'm with that person and we are both having fun and enjoying each other's company, it doesn't matter. Less extravagant is always more enjoyable :)Extroverted INFJ here. Most people mention that I am friendly, they either they mention my smile or my laugh, and then, well, it's not that they say anything necessarily but usually I connect well with others. I have a pretty even Ni &amp; Fe so much so that I'm an ENFJ in most social situations, so it's more of a feeling of connectedness in a first encounter/next encounter with people rather than a comment, persay. Well I would definitely ask him outright "why?" As that would probably be very unlike him to suggest somewhere so... noncommunicative lol. What is  there to do in a library together? Unless the objective is to study together in the space or something to that effect, which I would have no problem with as long as it means spending time in the same space with him. If it's an old library with lots of history (ex: the New York Public Library) I would guess the answer to my why question and would be personally enthused to accompany him as I am very much into museum exploration! But my very first instinct would be one of questioning the practical and personal reasons as to why the library would be a place of importance in a date-type situation, if that makes sense. INFJ here. I used to tell short white lies all the time up until college, never manipulating (though I can easily do that too, I just don't do it out loud cause I can't be that mean!). I had a personal epiphany and realized that even these easy little lies are not allowing me to become my true self. Truth is what I cherish almost more than anything else nowadays! Though I agree with most of you in saying that Fe for sure makes us natural liars as keeping the peace is important!INFJ here. I've ALWAYS typed as xNFx throughout my life. I have no need to see what sort of logical-minded thoughts T's have on a daily basis as I can't see life without my F, but I've ALWAYS been mystified by Sensors and how they view the world. I'd like to think that my Se is more developed than some INFJs, but to truly have Se as a dominant function? What sort of worlds would that open up?! It's fascinating to me!I agree with above, but if it were to be anyone it'd be the T's vs the Fs. I feel like out of everyone, those have the most distinctions that could lead to true arguments that may never be resolved. I don't think you could ever turn a T vs T or F vs F, but a T vs F? Imagine what that fight would be like...Any and all extroverted S types. I can hold my own as a pretty sociable strong-Fe INFJ, but extroverted S's just don't make any sense to me.... HOW CAN THEY S FOR SO LONG WITH SO MUCH ENTHUSIASM?! #infjthingsINTP. That's my father. I feel like as an INFJ that's everything I strive to be internally (have higher values, seek the truth, etc). It's not the value of intensity that differs, it's the way that they perceive their environment. Sensor types have always been somewhat of an enigma for me. I suppose that's why they intimidate me is less based on their enthusiasm and energy for the outside world, but because I simply don't understand their way of life! I would like to though! If I could live one day as a sensor I would take it, just to see what they experience!! That being said, I love my dominant Ni &lt;3I think ESTJ is my least favorite type NOT BECAUSE I SONT LIKE PEOPLE, this INFJ loves people actually, but because I truly don't get ST types, and ESTJ seems the most ST and in your face of them all!!!Ah but you may misinterpret, I would not trade my Ni for anything!!! I'd just like to experience the seemingly opposite Se world for one day, and then I shall gladly go back to my introspective haven that is Ni :)It's a great mixture of functions, if I do say so myself ;)This^^^This is the ENFJ in me coming out a bit but making sure that those I come into contact with are allowed to be the best that they can be, especially children: giving them the building blocks to succeed in life, no matter how small of an interaction with them!!Coming to a decision. We want to make the other happy and hear all ideas but then sometimes DOING something with the ideas and organized thought processes can be daunting!Wait, are you being serious about that orrrr....?Well what about ENFPs specifically do you think could be interpreted as Se?INFJ - One Hundred Years by Five for FightingI actually am friends with many more Ns than Ss in my life! Though it's true that I've always felt like an outsider [most likely] because of the predominance of Ss, I've never felt like I've missed out on anything or compared the two lifestyles as I am quite content where I am. Yeahhhhh I hate that part about it... I'm so lazy 😫Eh. It's not as beneficial as one might think. It's not like many of us actually do anything about it, we just strive toward it :PWat. Think of it this way, just as non-N Dom users get frustrated with us for just "knowing" things, I get frustrated with people who don't seem to "get it." Meaning, and usually it's the Thinkers that I have this issue with, why does one feel the need to rationalize something out completely? What drives one to do that? In philosophy it's helpful but when it comes to knowing whether someone is happy or not? Happy is an emotion and cannot innately be fully rationalized, no? Even this rationalization is killing me xD

TL;DR we get just as confused by people who don't act by instinct!Hmm. What made you think of this theory as truth? I'm curious!Omg that is such a great way of describing it!I don't know if I've ever truly met an ENFJ (if I have, I haven't realized it!) but I tend to be a VERY extroverted INFJ. SOOO I'm curious, it's time for some convoluted questions:

- Have you ever had an introverted moment and what does that look like?
- Compared to other INFJs you know, how do you personally present your Fe differently compared to them? (Do not just answer with a typical "we are more extroverted and like talking to people", I want deeper examples!)
- What do you think sets ENFJs apart from every other type?! Okay then, color me intrigued. I swear I'm an INFJ and have typed as that off and on for my whole life. I've definitely grown more extroverted over the years though and both my ex and current boyfriend swears that I'm an ENFx. I still think I'm an INFJ who has much less inhibitions on meeting/talking to people than most introverts and I can be a social chameleon when needed. I think I'm an INFJ instead of an E predominately because everything that I take in, I believe, comes through my Ni first. Fe seems to take a back burner to my Ni at all times, though I think my Fe is highly developed as well. 

MY POINT BEING! Could you possibly explore how you feel that your Fe-Ni works together? Either through discussion or specific examples or what have you. That would be awesome!My mom is an ESFJ and I can somewhat confirm what you're saying. Though my father is an INTP so I suppose his presence reigns her in a bit. But in a family of introverts and iNtuiters, she's often the bossy presence that's typical of her type =\ I feel bad for her sometimes...Thank you for your response! Those definitely are great summations of Ni-Fe and I agree with them as well. I think what drives me to categorize myself as an extroverted INFJ is that I very much prefer one on one conversations, which is why it's so easy for me to open up on the Internet to people I've never met! This subreddit is all about these one on one interactions! So there's some explanation there. Also, I definitely have very introverted moments. Ex: my boyfriend invited me to a brunch with maybe 15 family and friends that I haven't met, all who spoke French (I don't) and all who are very European in nature (less personal space, lots of touching, etc). I secluded myself to the back of the room and talked with him and his siblings (he's an ENTP but his siblings are super introverted). If it was a smaller group and if there were elements of that group that I felt more comfortable with (if they spoke English, if they didn't touch me every time they talked, etc) then I would be my typical Fe chameleon self. But there are some situations that require tooooo much of the extrovert in me, in which case I am quite content to be an INFJ lol. 

Have you ever had any sort of introverted moments like that?!Oooooh I agree with the negatives!!! As an extroverted INFJ I am constantly looking for ways to define myself not as an ENFJ (I truly believe that, according to your theory, I am more drawn to intuiting myself and those around me [Ni] rather than my first Go to of getting to know other people first [Fe]). I find that looking at the downsides of each type allow me to cross reference that with my own habits and realizing that yeah, I do that INFJ door slam all the time and stuff like that. Well, I only get along with S types of they're introverted and have a high Fi or Fe. And thinking types and I don't usually get along as easily as F types do. I can think of one ESTJ that I know and he and I butted heads like there was no tomorrow! Though, I'm willing to be friendly to all types. It's just, a strong friendship may not occur easily with ESTJs...Look! For sure!Oh you ENTPs...Also pay attention to whom you surround yourself with. It may be that the friends that you seek out are not the type to get you! Look for Fe types, or an extroverted Fi :)Oh my god... Can you do this to me?! O.oLol I am the biggest extroverted INFJ that there ever was xD But I can't type as an ENFJ as I don't think on a global scale and I know that I put Ni first. Buuuut I feel like I'm lying when I tell people I'm an INFJ cause I'm really an E in disguise o.OEh yeah I'm stuck here ;) But I love it! I was just honestly and truly impressed at your seeming ease at typing people!!! You knew which questions to ask when and very efficiently too, I might add! Consider me impressed!Ah I totally didn't mean to hijack this awesome thread... meep!


Umm well for starters ever since I was younger and first started with Myers-Briggs I've always types as an INFJ (sometimes INFP but once I learned the functions I ruled that out). I've always felt like I've had an intuitive sense of the world and when I was younger I definitely had a stereotypical-for-INFJ savior complex, believing that what I said was RIGHT and that everyone who didn't listen to my obvious truths were out to martyr me; I was the martyr fighting for what is true. 

Obviously I'm more mature now, have worked on insecurities and self confidence, and (with a pro toward E), have realized that even though I may possess some introverted qualities and DEFINITELY have introvert moments, I do enjoy the presence of people and honestly look to people for energy! However, I need recharge time. HOWEVER, i notice it more when I'm lonely/aren't hanging out with people than when I'm out with people and notice that I need recharge time (though that may be because I'm lazy and have a lot of time to myself anyway :P). I digress... maybe...


But it all comes down to this: I associate my personality more with INFJ than I ever have with ENFJ. Whenever I read an ENFJ description, only about 50% of it rings true for me: I don't set out to change the world as a group (I much prefer to focus on one persons problems than seek out a group or a larger world issue to 'solve'), I don't enjoy large groups of friends that talk at length about anything (I prefer a more pointed conversation, again, with a small group), and although I'm very comfortable making new friends and meeting new people, when there are too many uncomfortable variables I tend to retreat inwardly and allow others to lead the conversation. In fact, I LOVE contributing to a conversation and do enjoy telling people about how my personal experiences shape the way I view things (a very non-INFJ thing to do!), but I often find myself allowing others to start a conversation while I them chime in and don't shut up cause I'm passionately talking about something (somewhat of a non-ENFJ thing to do, they enjoy starting and leading deep conversations, no?).


So there's the crux of my conundrum. OH also, most important point, I know that I lead with my Ni. I know ENFJs have very strong aux Ni's (and because I'm so extroverted my aux Fe is pretty well formed!), but I've never felt that I've led with the (dom Fe) ability and need to reach out to people first and foremost. I've noticed that I lead with my Ni, my intuition, I perceive first and foremost. 

EDIT: OH DEAR GOD I WROTE AN ESSAY IM SO SO SORRY. Oh I definitely remember. I remember looking up at the sun and wondering how many people were looking up at it at the same time and hurting their eyes (I suppose Fe?). I also remember being the good older sister (oldest of three, all 2 years apart), and looking out for them and mothering them (type 2w1 and/or 9w1 enneagram here...). I remember always using "I" phrases - "I like this", "I think this about something" - and my mother berating me for sounding like I don't care about what other people feel by saying "I" all the time (heh, that's one of my favorite formative memories). I remember talking at LENGTH about what I thought about something and going on so many other tangents (yes, even at the age of 7 and 8) and watching people get bored with me after a while and hearing my father say "that's enough now, dear" but not stopping N because I just had so many thoughts to explore!!!! Aka, seemingly ALL extroverted activities and interactions BUT taking place all within an Ni mind frame; exploring the thoughts that just seemed to appear inside my mind!

Also, seemingly random but maybe not, I loved my childhood and first grade was probably my favorite grade of all time. I had a great teacher and made some great friends and I was just this happy bubbly inquisitive little girl. But my whole life as far as I can remember, I've always been keenly aware that I am somehow aware of things without even knowing that I am... a very typical Ni function. And yes, I've been a pretty personable person, but when I was little I probably had a strong Fe because I grew up in a really great environment , of which I am grateful. Middle school and high school I definitely became more introverted but absolutely no less inquisitive and aware of the world! In fact, in retrospect, that's when my Ni truly developed!!!! College allowed me to develop my Fe and Ti a bit more.... and I'm still working on my Se. But hey. Thaaaaaaats my life in a paragraph... or two... or three. Basically I'm the same person that I was since I was 7 cause I can't shut up. XD

Edit: real quick, I've also considered myself a very emotionally mature person even at a young age. I remember thinking that when I turned 10 and EVERY girl it seemed was all like "I can't wait till I turn 16 ahhh!" I was all like "no way guys, let's be a child for as long as we can", which is a very mature statement to realize your place in the world AS WELL AS recognizing that everyone will grow up in their own time no matter how much you want to grow up. I never had a rebellious phase either as I was always consciously aware of my own development and recognized that there was absolutely no need to revel because I am who I am and I respect those that I respect and so let's focus on more important matters, like learning and understanding the world and allowing myself to think deeply about why things are why they are? I was also not a very popular kid once middle/high school came around but somehow that was okay with me as I intuitively knew that I didn't have that "it" that all the popular kids seemed to have and I simply accepted that that was who I am.

 I feel like I developed my aux Ti early on as I reread my response. My dad is an INTP and he always went on about rationalizing facts and such... and I LOVED it cause it helped me to understand THAT much more of the world!!! Anyway I'll shut up now...Heh yeah I suppose it does. I think it also boils down to, I don't even understand Se all that much and so I can't really consciously be aware of whether or not I'm using it... which means I must NOT be using it, right? Eh. 


Thanks for being the catalyst of all of this information! Usually it takes another person for me to talk it out with in order to get my thoughts together..... Waaaaait a second.... That's a big ENFJ trait..... AHHHHH!!!!Meaning my Ni is dominant over my Fe. I don't think I instinctively seek out people as my number one way of drawing information from the world; instead, my mind automatically goes to the Ni palace so to speak and intuitively grasps concepts, either internal or external, and draws it into every space it can find. You're an INFJ so you 'get' that giant place of rationalized yet so chaotic thought?Hehe yeah, not that I was worried about flip flopping again, but that was actually a great way of putting it. truly thank you for your help, you have solidified some of that internal Ni chaos for me ;)INFJ: Silently thinking over in her head the answer from two questions ago and whether or not it fits into her worldview. She then tries to find a place to bring it up again in order to talk out her thoughts but is unsuccessful. Aka, the unpopular silent brainiac. Also, I usually don't get you Sensing types, only that it's hard for me to understand how you grasp information as my Ni is such the opposite even from Di in subtle ways, but S types always bring an insight that my N just doesn't seem to pick up on and for that I am grateful!!!Indeed. You and I just described myself through ALL of middle school xDEh. I'm a special flower, what can I say?Similar to u/azurestratos thoughts on communicating with ISFJs, they use experiential data from their past. I know THREE (I know o.O) ISFJs very well and they are all super different, BUT they all approach information in similar ways:


* They always look to the past and present to define the future. Ex: if a past boyfriend treated her with disrespect, she would then recognize the warning signs of a disrespectful guy and then NEVER date anyone resembling that guy EVER AGAIN. A bit extreme, but my one friend is VERY particular and stubborn when it comes to guys (she's a Scorpio too, if you follow any of that nonsense :P).

* They always seem to be socially aware what goes on around them (I'm thinking of other S types that I know as well). My friend, who is an xSFJ, is always always looking for gossip. She does it without realizing It. And she does it simply because picking up these pieces of information about people is her way of staying connected with the world. I usually just let her talk ("did you see that girl that we know on the 9/11 tribute? Her uncle died in the attack!!!"... I'm like, giiiiirl why are you so excited about this information?!?) and then make one small comment as I'm not one to gossip and I usually don't care, but that's her way of piecing together her past and present so I'll indulge her every now and again. 

* S types are still QUITE an enigma to me, but my mother is an ESFJ and compared to the ISFJ friends I have, I've definitely noticed this: they will never forget something that you've done if you've wronged them. Again, it's all experiential learning and their memory seems to be tied to specific events that have happened in their own past. My mother is ALWAYS trying to reference movie actors with other actors from another movie that she's seen them in otherwise she won't know who they are! We just saw Cats on Broadway as a family last night (one of my favs) which we had seen together when I was younger, and she remembers that "the girl cat with the brown tail climbed on the balcony right in front of us last time" (last time being over 15 years ago), but she won't remember the lyrics or what she felt about the show or her interpretation of it or anything else besides those experiences that stood out to her. My ISFJ friends tend to do this too: the information that is important to THEM personally are sometimes the only things that matters. 


I could be wrong about some of these things, as I've said S types are very enigmatic for me! So correct me if I'm wrong; let's have a discussion!!!This is very very true!!Observing is key for S types haha. 


It's funny cause some of what I just said I didn't even realize it was truth until you got me thinking and until I typed it all out so thank YOU for allowing me another insight into the enigmatic world of S types ;)Looks awesome so far, interesting information! (I also just love that ENTPs NEVER seem to be friends/close with S types!!!)Cause it's true! My ENTP boyfriend just doesn't understand S types, so he's told me. It just seems to make sense is all!I noes D:When I was in the moment experiencing the memory - positive or negative - it had to be in that moment that I subconsciously decided that it was important enough to remember. That leads me to then remember negative memories in an anxious light and positive memories as if I was just there yesterday!You misinterpret my excitement. I like making connecting and that's where my excitement stems from. I've never said that he enjoys not understanding different types, but it's something that I've noticed and we are both aware of. We both enjoy discovering people no matter their type! (Though... he dislike INTJs immensely, based on experience. Meh!)Most of the time it literally just pops into my head! I used to let it affect my mood for the whole day but I've learned that it's simply a memory and what I felt then is not how I need to feel now, so I take a breath and let it go back into my memory. Sometimes though I will suddenly make an in the moment connection with what's happening now to a memory that happened long ago and then, again, I will relive it in that brief nanosecond. Oof, obviously not! I'm just excited that there's even a small correlation at the start but it's obviously not conclusive data! I get excited about things easily so don't mind me...


And what does reevaluating types have to do with this conversation? It's an interesting thought though and I'd love to explore it more, but he is preeeeetty much a textbook ENTP and I am absolutely an xNFJ. Cause I'm an exciteable person!Making your argument somewhat moot, my father is an INTP, he's a deacon in the Catholic Church, and he is one of the most selfless people I know!


Also, not to go into his backstory, but although he grew up in the church he did renounce it for a while as a young adult. Now he's at church multiple times a week, is running bible studies, etc and has a great moral compass. I have a feeling that even without religion he would have followed that path, but with it it's easier to have a guideline for. My Ni-Ti loop happens on occasion, where I get stuck in this validating stage of everything my Ni is doing. My Ti will logically go through every vague point concocted by my Ni and will compare it against all of my other internal truths and facts I've accumulated. It's quite draining when it happens over a long period of time, hence why it's my tertiary. I would assume that Dom/aux T's don't get burnt out by logical thinking as easily! They live for it after all!!Its strange and opposite from what I'm mostly reading here in the comments: I found myself much more pessimistic when I was younger. Granted I'm only 26 now and still learning how to, you know, be a person, but I believe and has ALWAYS believed that there's good in everyone! And even in my younger more cynical days, I only came at pessimism with a theory of optimism: if you think the worst about things then when the second worst actually happen, it seems a lot better! Cynicism just comes from thinking that your worldview is correct and that everyone else should follow it, which is how I lost ALL of my friends in high school (truly I don't keep in touch with a single one... sadface). I still have pessimistic and cynical moments, but I think that my past which was fraught with that way of thinking has led me to believe that kindness and being PRESENT in the moment allows me to forget about the bad and focus on where this future is going. Even if it looks bad, finding the positives in everyday little moments brings out the best in me and, a very Fe thing to say, brings out the best in others, too. I don't regret the experiences I've had or have created for others because it's helped me grow as a person! 

This message brought to you by flowers and lollipops. Hmmmm.... howso?! Color me intrigued. Doesn't explain what's it's like as an inferior function though?I am an INFJ and I actually don't believe in hell. Aaaaand I'm Catholic. Soooooo... I have so many more thoughts on this subject but I'll curtail my voice for the moment. 

EDIT: Also, Jesus did not create the notion of Hell. Not in the slightest. Please look into your history before making blanket statements like that =\I understand the reasoning behind it, except I think the correct way to communicate it is as follows: INFJs have the most POTENTIAL for destructive acts, NOT that they ARE the most destructive type. Jesus didn't quite codify it, it was more the church as the Bible was being put together. The Jewish tradition had a notion of Hell prior to the catholic faith, called Sheol. Dante may have explored these ideas of Hell as well, yes, but that doesn't necessarily mean that they have the will to carry out the actions depicted in this Hell?

Believe me, I'm not being defensive, I'm simply trying to help you to explore this theory even further if it seems of interest to you. Poop. I am ashamed. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️Why all the downvotes :( Just trying to further this idea that I actually think is quite intriguing!...coming from the "knowledge" that you somehow hold the key to what is "right" in your mind and that, through exploring these possibilities, you will find the "correct" way to be. When truthfully, sometimes (I'll admit not all times), the way to be is simply that... TO BE! And live in the moment! And not analyze every single little thing that comes your way, hence why I define cynicism as thinking that only YOUR worldview is correct. No?

Edit: Potentially a better way of describing cynicism would be to think that NO one is correct and therefore everything should be questioned at all times. Connotation may be decreed within that thought, but I'll let you ascertain the validity of that intimation.... ;)(No but really tell me, why am I Ne heavy in your mind?!? O.o)(I'll admit, I had to look that one up...)

Edit: (though it actually wasn't all that far off from what I initially thought; re: intuitive)INFP for sure. Fi meets Ne for sure!I'm INFJ here with a strong Ni and slightly underdeveloped inferior Se... I get deja vu all the time. Your S argument is invalid!Didn't even try. Got to question 5, saw how many there were and... a big ol NOPE!MY TWO FAVORITE THINGGS IN ONE. I LOVE THIS THREAD. 

* INFJ (but very extroverted)
* 2w1
* Hufflepuff [5everr]
* THUNDERBIRD
* Acacia wood, unicorn hair, 10 3/4, flexibly flexible
* Bassett hound


I love EVERY single one of these and think that each fit my personality SO well! I was quite surprised my the Bassett hound and wish I could see the process by which it's picked, but once I thought about how loyal and curious they are it makes quite a bit of sense! I also just reaaaaaally wanna go to thunderbird at Ilvermoeny now...Wait what even is that?!I always picked water and not once got slytherin btw!Right that's what I meant, I usually picked water stuff during the test. But I'm a Hufflepuff through and through! 

But I know what you mean with the quizzes being slightly skewed in a weird way that kiiind of doesn't make sense. But eh, it's an online test, how accurate could they really be ;)O.oAuthenticity is the driving force in my life. Honesty is the most important virtue. 

Basically, if I were in The Divergent Chicago universe, I would hands down choose Candor. Hmmm. Definitely an N. Can't tell if a T or F. But most likely a J. And an I. Soooo INxJ? INFJ - Probably Pluto. ITS STILL A PLANET, DAMNIT. 

(Though my favorite Sailor Scout has GOT to be Sailor Mars. And Neptune. And Mercury. I could never pick!)That was my sisters ;P That's why I always loved Neptune. 

Though I'm really an exact mix of Mars and Mercury. :PMy two favorite topics in one!!!!

Skarmory. Favorite. Always has been, always will be. No. He only shows his fire when he performs a fire type move. All other times he's pretty chill. Rotom-W is a beast in OU. What's the moveset?Ever use Azumarill? Give it the Choice Scarf and bam, Play Rough OHKOs every dragon type out there. You and OP are babies XDI feel nothing. I beat the elite four before you were even born!Yeah dude, my Togekiss is a BEAST with leftovers. I'm a big flying Pokémon trainer, fav Pokémon of all time is Skarmory. My switchoff between Skarm and Togekiss does wonders. Add in my Assault Vest/Leftovers(Roost) Dragonite and bam. Flying types rule. 

But scarf heatran. Interesting. I do enjoy heatran myself, it's a key player on my steel mono team. How do you get past the ground moves though?I feel like you would know if you're an ENTP. You sound more ISTP to me. What you're describing does sound very Ne heavy though. I would argue that SJ users have the neatest handwriting, they always seem to (at least the girls) have the bubble letters. 

Now I know I'm a J, but I've got pretty sloppy handwriting. I doooont really think you can correlate MBTI too much with handwriting as it also has to do somewhat with one's education level. I've never had bad luck with air slash and flinching though so I prefer leftovers to kings rock in case those darn rock and electric moves show their face. I hate the whole mathematics of the metagame though, I was never strong in math! I'm better at the guessing and switching game then which EVs have the highest/lowest potential of KOing and all that. Bleh. Just by that brief and honestly not very accurate description, he sounds kind of like he possesss qualities of an ESTx, my guess is P. But eh, who knows?! Your description is kind of vague when it comes to MBTI rulings. Ugh. I also hate showdown. Haha. I soooo prefer battling on dS. Showdown is just so impersonal!Booo Sowie I was in college when b&amp;w came out so I didn't really have time (or wifi) to explore the dreamworld that much. I've been big in ORAS with online competition though!Ahhhhh I knowwwwGood question... I've always wondered that myself!
Only if you think being evil and/or chaotic is a bad thing.People who feel estranged enough from society to find pride in the fact, but not estranged enough that they actually have trouble finding some corner where they can hang out with like-minded people. I mean, I'd gladly be a bit more "common" if it meant not feeling so goddamn out of touch with people.Quite.The best - TOIM (The One I Am)
The worst - ESTJA dominant Ti always leads to an inferior Fe because enantiodromia, or the unity of opposites. In the case of functions specifically, one function always implies its opposite. The function most dominant in a person's psyche will push its opposite into a position of inferiority. To use my own Ni as an example, the fact that I am so intensely focused on the way things are connected in my subconscious, I lose track of the outside world. For Ti, I assume it is similar, except the focus is on logical connections to the point that the individual finds it difficult to value the more irrational aspects of humanity, which Fe governs.

That said, people are messy. One of the flaws of Myers-Briggs is that it carries the implication that our psyches are orderly and predictable, but they're not. Jung distinguished eight types, and I believe he did it because it is easiest to distinguish the dominant function of a psyche. The rest of the functions may well vary from moment to moment, but the dominant forms the bedrock onto which the they are laid on.

So to answer your questions, the dominant and the inferior aren't so strictly structured just for the sake of convenience and simplicity. However, it's very much possible that the rest of the functions are.The unity of opposites is a philosophical concept that, well, I find it core to Ni. Heraclitus was the first to discuss it, and he's probably the best example of a Te-oriented Ni dom there is. "The upward hill and the downward hill are the same hill," is how I'd phrase it. So in the case of Ti-Fe, it's not so much that there are two wholly discrete functions, Ti and Fe, but rather a certain mindset which can be oriented either inward or outward. Whatever Ti-Fe the axis is, when it is pointed inward, it constructs logical frameworks, and when it is pointed outward, it engages with the emotional content of the outside world.

If we imagine a psyche where neither the Ti or Fe is repressed, ie. they're the secondary and tertiary functions, then we would find that they work together in order to *logically* determine the appropriate way of engaging with the emotional atmosphere. Stereotypically, the ExTPs would be more willing to break whatever harmonious feelings they're surrounded by because they value their Ti over the Fe, with IxFJs being more likely to accommodate others because they value Fe over Ti. In practice, however, there is nothing keeping from an IxFJ being a complete arse and the ExTP from being concerned with the wellbeing of others.

Now, in response to this:

&gt;So shouldn't Ti block out Fi instead?

The short answer is that it does. The long answer is, if you have dominant Ti, you would likely find that whenever you're made to consider your personal emotions in your decision making, you would find it alien, untrustworthy, and so on and so on. Perhaps the clearest difference between the way Ti pushes Fe down and how it suppresses Fi is that you would be more aware of your difficulty with Fe. It's familiar, but difficult.I knew you would be.Do you disagree with the assessment?Such an INTJ reaction.
You are wrong sir.Take more tests and stop typing.(comeback with the results)jaThank you for introducing me to the Zero Escape games. =)It's not a real thing, anyone can "door slam". It's not an exclusive behavior.You can go ahead and circle that "sensitive" box ;)looks like I was right :PI care to look good in front of people that I want something from. Looking good gives me confidence as well, but what's important is I mimic popular fashion to look good and not because I like fashion. Hopefully I made myself clear.Ama I guess  
Edit: My flair used to say INFJ 5w6, don't know what happened :xI'm not sure which group you think is worse. If I had to guess it would be the first because of their infamy, however Annie Dookhan's (according to Wikipedia) work affected up to 34,000 cases, meaning so many people could have been falsely sentenced for who knows how long. And Martin Shkreli's case is very morally grey, he raised the price of Daraprim 5000% but only those who could afford it or were insured had to play that price. Martin claimed in an interview with BloombergTV that half of the drug was being sold for 1$US and that that patients deserved better than a 70 year old drug for toxoplasmosis infection, so the money would be used in R&amp;D for a better drug. So yes he's still shifting costs to insurance premiums and if his company developed a new drug how expensive would it be. But is he still the greedy evil person he was made out to be? If you ask me id say no but id love to know what you think.


Sources:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annie_Dookhan

https://www.businessinsider.com.au/martin-shkreli-defends-daraprim-price-2015-9

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2015-09-21/why-turing-increased-price-of-daraprim-over-500-

&gt; &gt; So yes he's still shifting costs to insurance premiums and if his company developed a new drug how expensive would it be. But is he still the greedy evil person he was made out to be? If you ask me id say no but id love to know what you think.

&gt; I think you are rather naive, and also probably not actually an INFJ.

Meaningless accusations. If you're not going to explain them then why even bother writing it down.

&gt;  He's absolutely the greedy evil person he was made out to be, the securities fraud makes that quite clear, and so do things like his antics with the Wu Tang record and just how blazingly stupid he's been.


He lied to investors about how well both his hedge funds were doing, to you this makes him evil? Greedy I buy but I would point out to you that his investor who were defrauded made money on their investment, some investors testified to making double and triple their original investment(outside of settlements), but evil is pushing it. 

&gt;  One surefire way to tell someone is greedy is if they manage to get rich in a less than 100% honest way, and then fuck themselves out of ultimately being able to keep that money because they get greedy.

What in the world are you talking about? How do you know what made him rich, what even is rich? 1 mil? 10 mil? 50 mil? He worked for four years as an associate at Cramer Berkowitz then left to start his own hedge fund (unrelated to the charges) earlier in his life, in other words: in a 100% honest way to make a living, weather he was "rich" at that time comes down to how you want to define it.
&gt; He would have still been rich if he'd been just a little bit less greedy, but that was ultimately his downfall, and now he's going to prison.

He made bad bets on the stock market for his hedge funds, how would being less greedy have kept him rich? And again what even is rich, you throw it around like being a millionaire is not rich.

stop writing so much it takes too much time to make sure I don't fuck up the info.

Sources: https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/04/pharma-bro-martin-shkreli-convicted-in-federal-fraud-case.html
http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/martin-shkreli-trial-verdict-1.4235844
https://martinshkrelilacksjudgment.files.wordpress.com/2018/03/shkreli-sentencing-full-tr-03-09-18.pdf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Shkreli#Early_life
Personally, all types drive me insane equally. All I know for certain is [this trash person](https://www.reddit.com/user/me) is the worst type of person.
P-ness? I'm sure you'll find love either way( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Biological? Doesn't it have to do with the world surrounding us and how we ultimately were treated by it?Well yeah, but:
MBTI theory is NOT your personality, it is your function order which determines how you perceive the outside world, how you perceive data within your mind, how you make decisions on the outside world, and how you make internal decisions.Then does that mean... from the moment I was born, I was already confirmed to be an INFJ (implying I'm an INFJ now, which I am from my POV)?

We all know that MBTI isn't confirmed as definitive science, but is this what people who are into it most commonly believe?Does this mean that those with inferior Se/Si functions are worse at storytelling?i feel u;-;Hrm, since extroverts depend on people for their personal motivation, they would probably not be as picky as the typical introvert, who probably needs a person who is special enough to get them out of their solitude. 

I'm guessing that's how people think when making statements like that, and it does make a tad bit of sense at least, right? Well, it's not really possible to be a mix of any 2 types from my understanding, that would be contradictory to typology in and of itself.I'd recommend you to watch [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwE2EMos2RI) video for some insight. This [Fe vs Fi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYObahl0p6E) vid and [Te vs Ti](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V45AK1qCmJ8) video will hopefully explain the situation better. Don't spend too much time on the oversimplification if it causes you confusion.It's like when people pick human in a videogame of so many different races like elves and much cooler shit... How can people be so inconsiderate?!I suck at articulating my thoughts well;_;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYObahl0p6E &lt; this


Be sure to read the second top comment (the one not made by the creator) after watching the video, it seems quite useful aswellTi is not our dom function tho. You could have meant Ni or could just be misinformed, but if the former is the case, remember that Ni+Fe and Ni+Te are very different.All of them are kinda weird if you ask meDefine J-ness:pI'm sure there's some truth in what he's saying though. There must be a reason that a lot of people in a certain type tend to lean towards a certain kind of career, right? For example, a lot of famous INFP's have been within the creative zone with art, poetry etc. I just think you shouldn't deny things just because they are disturbing. 

EDIT: After reading this thread in more detail, I saw how he bad he expressed himself, but my point still stands. Don't get me wrong, everyone can do everything, but aren't people naturally better at different things?Yeah, a lot of pauses and stuff in order recalling stuff, but I might be wrong[This](https://youtu.be/0wAlL99vDn4?t=4m23s) - 4:56Well, there's no objective answer to his question, he's just looking for subjectivity.What about INFPs? When they love something, it kinda becomes a part of them. I know an INFP who plays like nothing but Smash Bros and wanna become like the best and trains way too much than he should since he's still just a kid. Is it maybe an exception or am I pointing out a flaw in your analogy? A lot of INFPs seem very dedicated to few things.Probably INFP. Definately introverted NF at least, I don't even listen to the dude but that's what I've gotten out of this [thread](http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/123992-classify-kendrick-lamar.html)You should check [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRxw2YJ9K7I) out. These videos are really good since it digs deeper than most other sources does. Give it a watch and see how much you relate to it:)&gt;So many celebrities are intuitive not sensor

Probably, but Kanye isn't one of them, sorry. At least that's what Celebritytypes and a bunch of other reliable sources say, and I'll have to agree. Yes, and ISFJ is a sensing type, right?¯\_(ツ)_/¯Maybe you could check out the videos of the other types that you suspect could be yours and compare how much it applies to you? You could check [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_-4ybKPxjE) out. Like he said in the video, this guy aims to describe the core of the types while avoiding inaccurate stereotypes. I definately recommend it:)It doesn't:)You should check out Michael Pierce's videos about the types you're interested in researching since it's really easily accessable and even entertaining at times. He tries his best to avoid stereotypes n stuff so that's kewl, I've found that his videos are a lot more indepth that a lot of other sources. Just search for "The sixteen types: xxxx" on Youtube. You should at least be able to remove some options to more easily be able to find your type:)http://www.celebritytypes.com/test/infj-or-infp.php Maybe you could try this then? I don't know how good of a test it truly is, but why not :pFock, you stole my idea;-;[B-but...](https://youtu.be/d4dLLS-DQfA?t=10m23s)Maybe [this](http://www.celebritytypes.com/test/infp-or-intp.php) can help you with the INFP vs INTP thing at least?Fi ones that is, no?[Yep](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYObahl0p6E), pretty much.

It all varies what type you are aswell though, but these are the vague basics.[This](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/c9/1b/7b/c91b7b78cd57a27803ae0c8ec28b116f.jpg)The one dancing with the ENFP I believe, since there's no other one and you can see it ending with "TJ"You do mean in social situations, right? I'm a very earnest person, but I don't think I come off that way to most people irl. I guess I'm a bit of a goof in most social situations.Nice comment history there XdIt's a bot I think. If you answer it with something with "&lt;3", it does the same thing back, and if you write "XD" or "xD", it comments the infamous "ecks dee" Try me B)Fi Fi Fi Fi sounds really viable :pI really liked Death Parade, F/Sn Unlimited Blade Works, Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash, Rage of Bahamut and Kekkai Sensen&gt;is that they feel like walking on eggshells when debating/discussing simple topics

Are you implying that INFJs are easily offended?[feelsbadman](https://openclipart.org/image/2400px/svg_to_png/222252/feels.png)How does inferior Se work under stress then?Maybe you mean [this](http://www.celebritytypes.com/cognitive-function/test.php)?Are you conflicted between the Ni dom types? All you need to do is figure out if you're Fi/Te or Fe/Ti.Is he not "confirmed" as ISTP?All I know is that the ESTP type has the least percentage of unhappiness out them all, according to some graph. Might have to do with this.It's funny 'cause I Lisa is probably an INFJ.But... The combination of a type's cognitive functions is what makes them that certain type&gt;I am not passive agressive in any sense

I don't believe that's even an INFJ stereotype though lolrip INFPs ;_;Extroverted: lel idk



Introverted: INTJNi is very different from Ne though, same with Si vs Se :/If you want a nice confirmation to it all, I suggest you check [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4dLLS-DQfA) out. It's very indepth, and if you're unsure, there's one for INFP aswell :)INXJ I believeYou just said INTP was correct :pBut... "MBTI theory is NOT your personality, it is your function order which determines how you perceive the outside world, how you perceive data within your mind, how you make decisions on the outside world, and how you make internal decisions."[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRxw2YJ9K7I) is a probably a better description of the INTJ, but it contains very hard english.[Take dis](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSRdJ2QJsis)What about types like INFJs and ENTPs who have them muddled together?Are you not sure which one or are you certain you're a mix of them both?You will, the INTJ has the opposite functions of the INTP, and in very different orders :)Values does partly have to do with MBTI though.It ain't about the letters, they are practically useless unless you know how they affect the function order. Do you know how absurd it is to assume people are either thinkers or feelers? We're obviously both, and "MBTI theory is NOT your personality, it is your function order which determines how you perceive the outside world, how you perceive data within your mind, how you make decisions on the outside world, and how you make internal decisions." Obviously we can't make our personalities neatly fit boxes, but how our brain is wired is a completely different matter. But then again, you can't really (dis)prove anything...

That's ironic since INFJs are known to be the most extroverted introvert.


But ey, I dunno lolYou should check the comments of the video lulI'd guess ENTP, but don't take it from me :pIn theory they may sound similar, but I assure you they aren't. Intuition is a perceiving function while Thinking is a judging one aswell. 

[Here](https://youtu.be/km7ga7HON20?t=2m49s) (to 12:31) is a thorough description of INTJ's dominant function (Ni) and [here](https://youtu.be/0O4lDfzNLXI?t=3m40s) (to 11:20) is one for the INTP's Ti. &gt;Everyone is unique in their own stupid way

That's very INFP of you :)Sounds reasonable.&gt;Subject to social pressures

speak for yoself&gt;think they come off as an anime character

You just described my life lolI think the INTJ and INFJ are probably the most vulnurable to ticklism because of their inferior Se. They probably have a strong initial physical reaction.Never thought about it like that, but if your MBTI truly is decided when you are born, it doesn't have anything to do with it. Idgaf is someone tells me I'm not very practical, because I know it's true lolBeing a Ni-dom kinda sucks in a lot of areasHrm, that actually makes sense. Not sure about the I/E thing, but he is a dead giveaway to Ni. I think blows towards my Ni would hit the hardest actually, but after that comes Ti. Not sure about Fe. Anyone can mock my Se as much as they'd like though. 

Anyway, I've heard that INTPs take offense to people underestimating their intelligence, like insulting it directly or speaking to them as if they were stupid. If this is the case, your theory doesn't really hold up. Investigating more types about this would be interesting though. 

Well, that maybe a little bit too true for comfort, but I thought that stuff was in the domain of Te?

Yeah, I thought so aswell, but nevermind then&gt;Games with zero replayability because there is no realistic gaming lifetime to expect in the first place

Spot on lol&gt;Actually I think NMS is unappealing to Ni for exactly that reason... it's kind of a hollow procedurally generated universe. There's no cohesiveness behind it. Its world is just kinda there.

Can confirm, I really dislike procedural generation. It can never be as good as hand-made work from someone talented. 

It just feels truly pointless.Why not Fi?Well, Ni is known as "perspectives", so I really thought you'd bring that one up.[This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xw5oq8VtVi4) has to be the most fitting INFJ song according to stereotypes, but I'd probably prefer [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSRdJ2QJsis)lul fite meIndependance, Shyness and Orderliness c:https://www.reddit.com/user/chubbywombatsWhich one did you mean and why'd you come to such a conclusion?Ah, I gotchuFeelsbadman"The INFJ has a tendency to adopt values and beliefs of others as their own"


I can't tell if I get frustrated 'cause of this because it's so incredibly false or if it's slightly true.Just because they have the highest IQ average doesn't mean they're the most intelligent. Intelligence can be a lot of different things.That doesn't change the fact that something like wisdom is very different from scientific intelligence such as IQ, and I'd argue that they are both intelligent in very different ways.But... love is just the motivation the world gave us so that we would have a reason to reproduce, feelsbadmanIf feels good to finally get to some closure about that shit, a lot of INFJ and INFP stereotypes are very similar.Well, I was only talking about romantic love :)But... we're all winners!Well, I certainly agree, but I was just making a joke:p;)off af"Left unchecked, INFPs may start to lose touch, withdrawing into "hermit mode", and it can take a great deal of energy from their friends or partner to bring them back to the real world." - [16personalities](https://www.16personalities.com/infp-personality)
Feeling slightly left behind over here;-;'Cause they're like INFJs but actually get things done

... (;-;)Yeah, a lot of very optimistic and enthusiastic people live there :pTi Ni Fi Si 


Well fock..."Uncomfortable in conflict"

Does that really sound like an INTJ?INFJs involved? 


Hell nah.I can be INTJ if I just put my mind to it... ;-;INFJs are anything but black and white though, but I can see dominant Fe being more like that.

I really wouldn't know about the ENFJ though, don't quote me on itMe too until I saw Nelson Mandela, Mother Teresa and Martin Luther King as INFJs.

I do believe Obama is an ENFJ though.Touché...Ah, that cleared things up, thanks! :)Just trust my tag, I'm kinda lazy you 'kno

Check my profile then ;-;Seems like I ain't gunna develop that Se for awhile huh...














;_;Btw, I'm not really contributing here, but I really don't know how people could think you're not a Fe user tbhYou're certain you're Fe user yourself though, right? 

I just don't think Fi users would be able to entirely change their outer identity to fit certain situationsI'd consider Ni and Fi the most "daydreamish"I think ISTPs come off as very intense while INTPs come off as more aloofI'm a gray kinda dude, but it's probably just 'cause of Ni. I'm pretty sure ESFJs are pretty black and white, and that's a Fe dom, so I think it has to do with the combination of the functions. At its core, I couldn't tell you which is which.How INFPish of you :pPretty sure that a shitton of INFPs mistype as INFJs, less so the other way around though I thinkINTJ makes a lot of sense, but mistypes become more and more rare when people actually invest time and energy in understanding the cognitive functions. I do think it's harder for P types to settle on a type though.Fe dom-ness I guess?Earth's pretty cool&gt;Fe is the source of all charisma

What about ESFPs? :pYeah, because spreading misinformation should be rewardedNarsus from Arslan Senki is seriously the most stereotypical INFJ there is, but I've not reached his INFJness level yet.&gt;I can say that we well and truly understand

How are people able to understand other minds when they can barely understand their own?MBTI type ain't personality tho "MBTI theory is NOT your personality, it is your function order which determines how you perceive the outside world, how you perceive data within your mind, how you make decisions on the outside world, and how you make internal decisions."

The only reason people refer to it as personality is that it's easier to comprehend.Your personality is definately affected by your function order, but cognition=/=personality, they can be separated.

&gt;the categories are litterarely referred to as personality types.

Which I explained the reason for in my previous comment. Also, a similar reason would probably be that most tests like the MBTI one are actually about personality, so it only makes sense for MBTI to adapt it to not alienate the people.I don'tUnfortunately, yes :pI think INTJ is stereotypically more fit for engineering because of dat TeDoes [this](http://imgur.com/a/7Ej9H) count as refining?An obvious ESFJ in my bookTry me c:&lt;Fourth one maybe?Inferior Se?INTJ ;-;Fe is a bitch lel&gt;INFJ seems to got it all together though so maybe them.


Nice one!;)You gonna have to pick a favorite, famhttps://pbs.twimg.com/media/BpNsf2jCAAAQG_s.jpgWhy not? People can live whatever lie they want as long as it doesn't negatively affect others.Gah, fcking INTJs...Pretty sure N types in general have a messier handwritingIs it not something the regressive leftists use to describe classic leftists?ENTJs and INTJs are often stereotypically seen as ones. yeah INFJs are the worst lolTe=/=Thinking, the term "thinking" in the MBTI system covers both Te and Ti.Steam;)/u/Twenty-Pikachus described my view on it very well, you should go check out his comment further downINxJ are probably the winners of perfectionism, don't know about apathy though.You've got it backwards if you think those are the rarer types :pYeah I know, I just felt a sudden urge to be annoying lol😪Is this really a thing lolMy claps can be hella loudMay I recommend Death Parade? Short answer: FiYou don't have to ask me lol&gt;(probably because I doubt there's even the barest correlation between Se and that)

This calls for a poll!If it's 0 degrees outside and someone says it'll be twice as hot tomorrow, how hot will it be tomorrow?Doesn't matter actually :p
Most Likable: ISFJ

Most Unlikeable: ESTJ

Most Misunderstood: INFJ

Most Socially Unaware: INTJ

Most Funny: ENTP

Most Serious: ISTJ

Most Focused: ISTP

Most Unfocused: ENFP

Some of these are still biased, but you can't really escape that. It doesn'tI hope you don't mean that Emma Watson is supposed actually supposed to be an ESTJCalling Emma Watson an ESTJ is like calling Gandhi an ENFP, ISTJ is more plausable. I never said she was an ISTJ, just more in that direction. Also, it seems I was wrong, I don't know enough about her to make an accurate typing or anything, but I never thought she'd be ESTJ. To my surprise, she is listed as one on celebritytypes.

But was I really wrong? You have to understand that there's no way she is one because of how obvious her introversion is. Hell, she litterarely said it herself. I used to trust the site, but now I'm getting a lot more sceptic about it. I'd rather trust the subject at hand instead of it.

Also, her being my opposite would be problematic when she becomes my girlfriend, so I might be biased, but still.


/u/megedy &gt;Trusting external systems

Now that's where it crumbles for me, you can't simply generalize xxxJ and make this statement apply to all of them. I didn't really think she was an ISTJ tbh, that's why I said "plausable", but it wouldn't be impossible. But yeah, I can see the it now, all I knew was that she wasn't a Te dom.INxJ probablyI always drift into thought while still reading and then realise I didn't catch any of it since I was thinking about something else entirely.That's the MBTI paradox, you can't disprove it because people will just say "this is so like xxxx". Maybe, but that's Ni vs Ne. What about Fi vs Fe?I got INTJ, but with humble, so probably something way different.Does your stance on Fe vs Fi ring true even if the Fe is in an introverted stack? I can clearly see what you mean if we're talking about Fe doms, but I think the dominant functions controls the auxillary a lot.Tumblr ;)Yeah, my INTP buddy also have those eyebrows aswell lolNot sure what info it's based on thoughCongratulations on discovering your mistyping! This will soon replace the cognitive function model, I can sense it.A common mistype indeed :)Are you gonna say that introverts who said they are more introspective are wrong? That's basically what the word means, and you're talking about objectivity?&gt;Hahaha those downvotes, must be some butthurt introverts who can't handle their little bubble being popped.

Or maybe u/rAtheismSelfPostOnly is right.Also, extroverts are usually more daring to interact with the outside world n shit, and tend to be less anxious about things. Extroverts are also less likely to get mental health issues, which is a pretty good advantage imho.I guess I'm not that screwed after all1. I agree on this on a spiritual level, especially in competetive team gamesThey don't;)ESTJ dad and ESFJ mom I thinkSince when did baby become an INFJ stereotype lol&gt;I think in English 99% of the time, I don't know when I started doing that though.

Never related this much to something before lulI wouldn't call them that, it seems more of a INFP thing.It's got a nice ring to it :pAh, hi againFeminism is ultimately flawed due to it being an ideology. The women's right movement had a goal, and when that goal was achieved, it disbanded. Feminism, however, must create problems in order to stay relevant even though the law became equal towards both sexes some time ago.Yeah, it's like the same with buying clothes kinda, if a woman buys men's clothes it's no biggie but if a dude buys women's clothes, it raises some eyebrows.We're all "ambiverts", extroversion and introversion must be a spectrum. If a full intro- or extrovert was to exist, they would most likely be in some kind of asylumehBeing an actual participant of the world? Doesn't sound too bad!If on a computer, you press edit beside your name around the current users online (~x personalities) and "Subscribe"-button areaHeh, you're welcome!*Sending overwhelming energy* (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧You can't, this might help you figure out which one you are though: https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/3a1lzt/my_hopefully_definitive_guide_to_am_i_an_infj_or/I live in northern Sweden so it's definately not winter. Spring is probably my favorite because there's a moderate amount of heat and no wasps or mosquitoes c:Maybe, seems like all ISTPs are agreeing on winter though :pAyy, I'm alright with being an all knowing beingINFJs 'cause Narsus from Arslan Senki is definately one lolI am, almost all realistic descriptions for the INFJ fit me eerily well, especially Michael Pierce's videos about them. I think it was when I read something like "INFJs often come off as goofy when young" that it became obvious.._.I love discussing politics, it's great to bring out how everyone sees the world and what their ideals are:)whaddup fam&gt;took myself way too seriously

Dominant Ni is the fcking worst...I wouldn't know





... ;-;Finally I can die happyOverthinking, most definately.&gt;For instance, an IxFJ (Aux Fe) will have a near unlimited hope and trust in humanity

Heh, I wishWork together mentality is the obviously Fe doms job, and doing the right thing ain't too bad, ey?

But then again, it might just be me who have turned cynical.2manywords4meBut then again, doesn't Ni doms also share the characteristic of filling their sentances with lots and lots of unnecessary filler? The perfectionism in our nature keeps us from writing structureless content though.It's a question on the 16personalities test actually, a lot of them are kinda tricky.Probably Sam Harris, his statements are often very disturbing to most people though.lol nahHonestly, that trait has mostly to do with [this](https://youtu.be/d4dLLS-DQfA?t=10m24s) more than Fe vs Te.INFP and INTJ are probably the most outcastish. I kind of don't fit in either, but that's a bit different.INFPs are the most prone to depression?Idk, because from other peoples perspective, I do? Pretty sure not fitting in as a Fi dom and not fitting in as a Ni dom is vastly different. I didn't read the post mind you, only the title.I'm jealous of them honestly, but I guess the grass is always greener on the other side.And you'd be [right](https://youtu.be/630ikWb61cs?t=9m46s)You make ENFJ and INFJ sound so similar, like the INFJ is just an introverted version of the ENFJ. It sometimes feel like I've got a minor, inbuilt social anxiety due to Ni dom&gt;Fe and I constantly take myself and everything so seriously. 

We both have to understand that probably all types have some horrible downsides that we just don't really understand the full picture of from the outside looking in.&gt;Are you neat?

same lulbecause people suck lolehpls teach me how to suppress my first function lolBecause extraversion and introversion compliments each other?Saving up currency in video games is tough ;/ye we're kinda dankINFJ

Something something Rise Againstdis meme so spicy2Based on your results, your thinking style appears to be both intuitive and analytic. When tackling a problem, you may tend to focus both on the larger picture and on specific details."SJWs and radical feminism is in the realm of Fi though, isn't it? Strange how you say "most likely type" just out of the blue.Yeah, I suppose it makes sense how Fe users more easily shove their opinions down peoples throats and that they're less tolerant of opposite opinions, but you'd think Ni would give enough perspective for them to realise where other people are coming from. I guess people=/=types, though.Yeah, it's as I suspected then. I'm too lazy to do the research, but I'll take your word for it.Doesn't dom Te and dom Fi go together very well?INTJ and ESFJ.ANSWER THE QUESTIONThere's no direct correlation there though. Dominant Ni + no Fe is enough to make them the extreme when it comes to this.Pretty sure Prince EA is an INFJ, but not sure you'd classify him as a rapper.Those that still make sense in this day and age are fine, like things bringing us joyWait, so you're not an ENTP? I thought the ISFJ flair was just a meme to begin with, but in that case, you've been persistent about it. 

Maybe I jinxed it.Heh, that's like the biggest leap possible aswell, glad you apparently found yourself though. 

I end up questioning my type a lot and wondering if I'm just mentally stuck on being an INFJ due to my MBTI journey starting there, and when I realise I am indeed an INFJ, I start overthinking it because of the existence of confirmation-bias.

Guess you can never type yourself from an entirely objective lens :pThis dude is as Swenglish as they getI'm Swedish myself, so I know the pain :pI agree on the INFP part aswell, I usually get along with them fairly well online.that's pretty neatoPretty sure (s)he was talking about the MBTI reddit, not the INFJ one (?)Well yes and yes. But yeah, all types are prone to creating echo-chambers, especially INxx's.More like self-absorbed.I recommend Michael Pierce's videos about these 2 types, his content is probably the most insightful MBTI content there is for me.The Car Model pretends that a type only uses 4 functions though :/Not sure, haven't dug that deep into socionics myself, but Michael Pierce's newest video about it cleared up a lot of things for me.Don't forget Robert Downey Juniors Sherlock :cPeople become way less convincing when they're answering "which type is the most x?" with their own type :pWhy do you think Zac is an INFJ though?Ah, I see, I'm not too into his lore so I wouldn't really know. What about Kha'Zix being an ISTP? I can probably see it, but he's my main, so it'd be interesting to know the reasoning behind it! :pNevermind, he's InstinctualEh, that place is as much as dead at this point.dankIsn't Tumblr pretty Fi? Of course, I'm only aware of the stereotypes of Tumblr since I never used it, but there must be some truth to it.Well, persons can be awesome but people really suck lolVideo games, anime, and a shitton of internet.Just give them some realistic and solid motivations and you're good to go.Lowkey can't believe you just called Te-doms perfectionistic



I agree with the rest though, lolAll I know is that the term is pretty silly since it's not exclusive whatsoever, lolProbably B, but I trust A more when it comes to advice for pretty obvious reasons.Of course there's a direct correlation, there is with most things in typology, otherwise it would be useless.(S)he lowkey has a point, everything that happens had a 100 percent chance of happening, but maybe I'm looking a bit too deep into it.Te is the most logical function, and Fi is probably the most emotional. 



Remember though, just because someone makes decisions based on values'n'shit doesn't inherently mean they're emotional, although it often has a correlation.It would make sense that the sensing functions would be more logical than the intuitive ones because of the more grounded approach, so this puzzles me aswell. Definately not as crystal clear as /u/Mouon puts it, at least.Hrm, rationalism and logic aren't necessarily the same things though, I believe.They're the same. For introverts in Socionics, the J/P is swapped from what they are in MBTI.What are your thoughts on what type he was? My guesses aren't very reliable.
I'm waiting intently for the answer to this!Waiting for the real world examples...You can take an enneagram test similar to mbti! I'm not too familiar with enneagram myself, but here's a test I found which will give you your type: http://pstypes.blogspot.co.uk/2009/08/duniho-enneagram-test-brought-back-to.html.I don't think you should be calling infj's deep, it sounds kinda condescending.You're fantastic at describing it!I mean, you could probably forgo the first sentence altogether. But for what it's worth, yes I do know what you meant, but the way you wrote just comes across... Anal? Maybe it's just because I can't really sympathise with your original comment overall. I fail to find joy wallowing in bad feelings.When asked if he ever regretted anything he tweeted, he said no, and that he doesn't think before he tweets. Personally I would say that's a lack of Fe/Ti, as Fe is more concerned about conforming (for lack of a better word). Interesting interview by the way, I don't think I've ever seen Kanye so calm, haha!I didn't realise English isn't your first language! I can totally understand why you're mad at me, sorry.
Fi + Ne, which you have if you are an ISTJ

But it sounds very INFP as well. I have no idea how people use the "all people are/fell/want the same" logic to type INFJs. It's the opposite of our cognitive process Exactly. We are supposed to be really sociable for an introvert. It's pretty much written all over the internetOne of my girl friends, an INTJ. She is a gorgeous model with whom I was working in a project. We had an instant strong mental connection. It's extremely crazy how alike we are. I was scrolling through her instagram feed and Facebook posts and internally screaming "this is me in a parallel universe". Besides our similarities, communication is awesome, great, outstanding! She is very assertive and kind, wickedly smart and creative. It took two days until we were writing each other wall of texts every day. We talked about everything. She told me one day that she feels like I am Carl Sagan and she is Neil deGrasse, in a way that we perfectly complement each other. *Ahhhh, the feels*.

I am seriously doubting my sexuality Death from Sandman, Calvin from Calvin &amp; Hobbes and Morticia from Addams FamilyI am not sure if you already know this but Jung's works are widely used in "left hand" occultism (which is usually self oriented and has a lot of shadow work). Actually Jung is the perfect mainstream representation of this thought/philosophy. 

It doesn't aswer your question but you may want to take a lookUnrelated question: do you think ENFJs are prone to be poly? I know 3 and all of them are. Curious to know your perspective :)Katniss is probably my favorite young adult character. So real and raw, there's nothing to hate about her. I don't know any ISTPs irl but if they are like her I am looking forward to meet oneINTJ: Humbert Humbert from LoIita.

I remember I was amazed when I read it for the first time. Nabokov's writing style is the closest I've ever been from my own personal imagery (turns out he is a Ni dominant user as well).  

ENFJ: Catherine from Wuthering Heights (Emily Bronte) and Anna Karenina from Anna Karenina (Tolstoy) 

INFJ: Prince Myshkin from The Idiot (Dostoevsky). 


I am not sure about her type but trauma changes people immensely, how could we know? She does seem to have inferior Fe imo. 

Also I might be talking about mature ISTPs. Our average or unhealthy INFJ isn't interesting for them either.Jung used to believe he had a 'split personality': one was Ti dominant (I am inclined to believe ISTP, according to his description), and the other one was Intuitive dominant. He used to say both personalities were opposed as well. Honestly, being a great fan of his work and life, I can't see INTP for him at all. Though I understand why some people would. Definitively Ni-Ti user. 

The treacherous part about typing Jung is because his life story/experiences were completely different from our average human. We can't do basic typology here.  Intelligence 9, Looks 8lol, what you got?

9 in my personal rating would be something like Megan Fox so nope, let's be realistic. It's also too subjective to rate. That being said, I would trade looks for intelligence in a heartbeat. I wouldn't mind to be a "7" if it could make me go 10 in intelligence :pYep, that's pretty much why I stated that it's personal and extremely subjective. I can see myself as an eight based on personal taste, cultural background and other people opinions, to be "objective". Who is a 9 for you, for example?

There's a pic of me on the "Faces of INFJ" thread, it's a cool thread where we see the face behind the name. I would feel strange sending personal pics for the sake of it.  

And yes, that's the very definition of "beauty standard". I work in highly aesthetic oriented field and to be honest I find it quite boring (someone extremely good looking who lacks pretty much everything else). When it comes to personal relationships, for me, it doesn't matter that much. Mhm, it's a Fe/Se thing for the most part. I don't believe we INFJs care less about that because we are "rare", we just seem to have another priorities when it comes to attraction. 




It's important to notice that there's a lot of people in this thread who aren't americans (myself included). Our own beauty standards differ a lot. Megan is pretty much the common ground for us, that's why I used it as the definition of '9'. My definition of 10 is Alissa Salls and not everyone is going to agree with that. That's fine and understandable. 

My only measurement for intelligence was how successfully one manages their own abilities + how easily one understands the mechanics of something + how creatively one applies this knowledge ISXP, mostly. 

(sister is ESTJ)Totally! I absolutely love the sensation that emerges from my inferior Se (at least in this moment).

Any sensory stimulation feels amplified to me. I was hanging out with my INTJ friend yesterday and we were listening to this song I love. I am blissfully closing my eyes, feeling the moment, when the following happens:

*"You are doing that face again, it's so cute"* 

*"What face?"*

*"That face you do when you experience some sort of sensory stimulation. It's music now but when you eat something you like you have the same expression. Like deep joy or pleasure"* 

And that's true. Music, food, beautiful sunsets,  sex.. It's all very blissful. I feel connected and genuinely happy to be alive in those moments. 

Se grip, on the other hand, is very scary. These violent delights have violent ends.I feel good about it now that I am learning how to develop and integrate my lower function. It wasn't always that good, though. I wouldn't change it.

I only know one INFJ irl (that I am aware of, they are usually too reserved in person to spot easily) and I admire him a lot. He is magical and inspiring. Immature - often manipulative - INFJs are hard to deal with.  

My favorite type is INTP. I don't want to change my type but it seems cool to be an ISTP for one day

All types can fall in their own grip (inferior function), but personally I think Se grip is the worst - or, at least, the most dangerous. 

Not my words but:

*"When they become stressed and mentally fatigued to the point where Ni can no longer maintain its dominance, unhealthy Se urges will finally erupt from the unconscious, driving Ni-doms to surrender to Se in a negative or destructive manner. The ways in which these psychological urges manifest behaviorally are often unique to the individual and the circumstances. They tend to abandon self-discipline and overindulge any impulsive whims that arise moment to moment, unable to regulate their own mental functioning because of losing sight of future consequences, even becoming emotionally volatile or explosive, raging at others or trying to coerce people into falling in line with their unreasonable expectations. They might give in to hedonistic temptations and overindulge in sensory pleasures (like food, alcohol, drugs, sex, socializing, gaming, risky physical challenges, etc.) because these short-lived experiences are an all too convenient escape from underlying emotional issues. Since these poor decisions tend to worsen life’s difficulties, it becomes easy to spiral out of control, thereby exacerbating the urge to seek further sensory escape as panic or anxiety about the future cannot be kept at bay.*"Ah, it wasn't quite clear. 


My personal experience pretty much consists in pseudo hedonistic, impulsive behavior. Mostly over socializing, sex, alcohol, thrill seeking impulses etc. I am usually very calm so I haven't experienced the 'volative'/agressive part. INFJ and the person I admire the most is another INFJ I know irl. He is very determined, assertive, thoughtful, borderline genius and has the purest soul I've ever seen. 

I don't know any ISTP irl but I often go to their subreddit to check the current discussions. I like their mindset a lot. In this sense, they are the "type" I admire. HahahaSame exp. I am really sorry for that but I am glad you've grown into the beautiful human being you are todayIndeed, I did haha 

It's like one of those stories where you caught yourself smiling in the middle because you know where it's heading to. I mean it when I say it's inspiring :)

Lots of love and best wishes [hiding because I am infj n mysterious] (https://scontent.ffor4-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/fr/cp0/e15/q65/11058742_916321718432151_8467714296348757867_n.jpg?efg=eyJpIjoidCJ9&amp;oh=2a5761a38a30eeed35739443e0374656&amp;oe=5894A426)

22 and south american ~nice to see your face, fellow NFJ :3 (it's super cute)Qual seria a probabilidade de um INFJ encontrar um INTP do mesmo país aqui? haha.Prazer também :). Sempre bom ver um rosto (e um idioma) familiarthat's so sweet hahaI had the same feeling while answering xNFP mom, INTP dadVery probably Ni dom. I've seen him typed as INTJ and INFJ but typing by his interviews (body language and communication itself), I would say he is a Fe user.80% of the time I do exactly the same you said in the last paragraph (irl). There are many ways to talk indirectly about that and ask whatever you want to knowENFJ and INTJ. Classic INFJ, I guess?Not sure if I am an INTP or if I am just mirroning my INTP best friend style of communication, but I do use these words a lot.STJs?* Best friends: IxFP (f), INTP (m), ENFP (m), ISTJ (m), ENFP (m), INFJ (m)
* Close friends: INTP (m), INTP (m), ENFJ (m), ISTJ (m), INTJ (f), ENTP (f), ENTP (m)
* Family: xNFP (mom), INTP (dad), ESTJ (sister)
* This guy I am seeing: INTJ

So many NTs

Dom ESTP 
Darlene ISTP
Cisco ENFP
Angela INFP
Philip ENTJ
Tyrell ENFJ
Elliot/Mr Robot INTJ/ENTPPeople say I'm insightful. I'm useless at anything practical.Careers-wise, NFJs are possibly involved in pursuits combining 1) helping others/'the world', 2) intellect/reflection. So maybe look out for the idealistic doctors/researchers/writers etc. I agree with all the above (especially defeatism), and add:

- People who refuse to see the big picture
- HypocrisyJust as I would prefer to have a photo album of the deceased, even if it makes me cry, I would prefer to keep an AI record of their personality too (as long as the AI isn't sentient enough for it to be unfair on them). Especially if raising their child. You're not limited to imagining "what would my SO do?", you can actually ask a version of them. I thought Be Right Back was bittersweet rather than toxic, in the end. Like keeping a photo album you only open once in a while.Harmony. Sometimes you need people who value cooperation over competition.I'd say I*FP too. It saddened me how self-absorbed and pretentious he became :(  he was such a cute kid!Saw Guerrera *NFJ, based on idealist leader paranoia and cult like followingENTPs are highly critical, because they want to improve things. ENFPs also want to improve things but are more likely to use tact.ENFJs can't live without drama. INFJs can't live with too much drama.Trish is ENFP - idealist, nurturing, high achieving, multi talented but spreads herself thin, self destructive

But yes Alisa is definite ISTJ and Jess ISTPBut only considered American lives right?
Withdrawal doesn't save lives overall... (Which I think INFJ is the only one who cared/was angry).

I like how ESTJ didn't just deal with whether it was the right decision, but also that the execution was wrong.

Like the US has given extremely patchy information to their own allies about what's going on (UK/France) so they're struggling to get their own staff and Afghan allies out.

Not to mention the effects on civilians - women passing their babies over fences in the hope someone will take them away from the horror.I'd also like to point out ENFJ's conspiracy theory is hilariously wrong - China and the Talibans are pursuing a mutually beneficial (purely economical) alliance, with not a care for Uighurs.

https://www.ft.com/content/3640279b-26a7-4e06-be35-d2515713f4f8

&gt;“If that means lots of Chinese investment into Afghanistan — I think they’ll do it, absolutely. They’re ruthless . . . but also very pragmatic,” said Rakisits, now with Australian National University. 

It's what they've done extensively in Africa to secure resources and are now continuing with their Belt and Road Initiative.

https://www.globaltimes.cn/page/202108/1231544.shtml

ENFJs and conspiracy theories are pretty bang on the stereotype though.Sadly until it's a post oil world where Saudi Arabia doesn't pull all the strings (and the West sells them all their expensive weapons), there's not much of a chance of solving any current conflict in the Middle East. 

Here's a good documentary on how US and Saudi negotiations resulted in the rise of the Taliban:

https://youtu.be/-p0z6iHGzdE

War in Afghanistan was always going to be near impossible not to mess up, as the Soviets would have testified.

But this current iteration was a complete shambles and wasted many civilian and soldier lives alike - the troops went in blind, without the right information.

In the last minutes of the documentary which interviews British soldiers, it's incredibly sad because you realise they've been played by all the local people - basically telling them anyone they don't like is a 'Taliban', and when they end up bombing innocents the locals turned on them. Also they meet with the village elders who tell them the Afghan army themselves are extremely corrupt but the soldiers say they can't do anything about that, just about the Taliban - so they don't come across as allies.

Not that no good came out of the last 20 years - especially for women's education and healthcare (Taliban rule had decreased female life expectancy by 20 years in part because they weren't allowed to see male doctors and women weren't able to work as doctors).

It's a pity more thought wasn't given to the withdrawal and how to not completely undermine that legacy.Here are interviews and surveys with over 100 women who did not want to live under the Taliban regime - life expectancy of women decreased by 20 years, and infant and maternal mortality skyrocketed to the 2nd worst in the world. Girls only allowed (religious) education till 8 and then destined to be married off to older Taliban, with no control over when or how many children they have. One interviewee said she only left her tiny house 3 times in one year, and the third time was the last because she witnessed another woman getting arrested and then whipped because her sleeve rode up a little when she reached to pick some groceries.

https://phr.org/our-work/resources/the-talibans-war-on-women/

&gt;The participants reported declining mental health and had symptoms of
psychiatric disorders (Table 3). Overall, 129 (81%) of respondents re-
ported a decline in their mental health (at least five points on a 0-20
scale) during the past year in Kabul compared with two years prior; 56
(35%) of respondents reported that their mental conditions significantly
interfered with daily activities. Based on self-reported symptoms, 67
(42%) respondents met the diagnostic criteria for PTSD; 155 (97%) met
the criteria for major depression, and 137 (86%) demonstrated signifi-
cant symptoms of anxiety. One hundred and fifty-one (94%) reported
significant intrusive symptoms, and 152 (95%) reported increased
arousal symptoms of PTSD.It's horrific - people clinging onto the outside of planes leaving, women passing their babies over barbed wire (some babies tragically fell onto the wire).

https://www.independent.co.uk/asia/south-asia/afghanistan-airport-kabul-violence-women-b1904817.html

&gt;“The mothers were desperate, they were getting beaten by the Taliban. They shouted, ‘save my baby’ and threw the babies at us, some of the babies fell on the barbed wire. It was awful what happened. By the end of the night there wasn’t one man among us who was not crying,” said the Parachute Regiment officer quietly.https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2021/8/17/with-economic-assets-to-secure-china-embraces-the-taliban

China's foreign minister seems enthusiastic.
They have much to gain (Belt and Road, showing up the West) if it goes well, and much to lose if it goes wrong (Turkistan Islamic Party).


&gt;China’s remarkable shift was on display little more than two weeks ago, when Foreign Minister Wang Yi welcomed a Taliban delegation to the northern port of Tianjin as the group made gains against the administration of President Ashraf Ghani, who fled the country on Sunday. Wang’s endorsement of the Taliban’s “important role” in governing Afghanistan provided a crucial boost of legitimacy for an organization that has long been a global pariah due to its support of terrorism and the repression of women.

 

&gt;Afghanistan could become the biggest test yet of a Chinese diplomatic model that’s driven by loans, commodities and infrastructure deals rather than demands for liberal policies. If the Taliban pursue moderate policies toward women that don’t alienate other nations, and achieves political stability, Beijing might consider an array of investments similar to what it has done in Pakistan, according to Sun, of the Stimson Center.

&gt;“The Chinese approach is, ‘Through economic infusion we create roads, we create infrastructure, and we make sure everyone has jobs,’” she said. “And if everyone goes to work at nine in the morning and comes home at 6 p.m., they don’t have time to think about terrorism.”

Oh an here are the Taliban saying they'll work with China:

https://www.reuters.com/world/asia-pacific/taliban-spokesman-says-china-can-contribute-afghanistans-development-state-media-2021-08-19/I agree with everything you say. 

Hindsight is always easy of course, but I do think this war was always unwinnable and that this should have been clear from the start. The whole "axis of evil" narrative at the time was such a sham and people were deliberately mislead. Bin Laden himself was Saudi, and the support for extremism spilled beyond Afghanistan to "allies" like Pakistan and some of the wealthy religious extremists in Saudi. Afghanistan itself is such a complex and fragmented country, which the Soviets learned the hard way, in part with the US training Mujahedin who would eventually give rise to the Taliban. Bin Laden was one of the Mujahedin who benefited from:
&gt;  the United States (as part of CIA activities in Afghanistan, specifically Operation Cyclone), Saudi Arabia, and China provided between **$6–12 billion worth of financial aid and weapons** to tens of thousands of mujahideen through Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI).

But like you said the occupation did bring a taste of freedom to those in Afghanistan who had been suffering terribly under Taliban rule (weirdly they had benefited from societal freedom and women empowerment under the Soviets beforehand - which the US put an end to). And tens of thousands of locals who worked in roles to help the US and NATO troops are now in grave danger and I don't think the process to evacuate them has been adequate. 

That's my main issue, that they have been left to fend for themselves. Not even all US citizens were properly communicated with - on the news this morning I heard there was a baby girl found in the airport with a US passport, just lost in the chaos.

So I'm just angry more thought didn't go into this eg. paperwork and logistics put in place before fleeing in the middle of the night.

I don't think they should ever have gone into Afghanistan, but as occupiers I do think there is a duty to allies to cause as little damage as possible. And this version of withdrawal was extremely careless, to the point of international arrogance.

It's minor but in the UK people are pretty angry our government wasn't informed and Boris Johnson was unable to reach Joe Biden for a day and a half - I think the sentiment is similar among other NATO allies who raised to the occasion when the US asked for support after 9/11.

It's not a good look.Yup and one of those prominent Mujahideen was none other than Osama Bin Laden.INTPs and super dark humour, name a more iconic duo.To be fair Russia, China, North Korea etc. demonstrate how you can subjugate without religion too. Extremist ideology of any kind, jingoism and lack of societal freedom are the main culprits.So what was the next step after "Nuke"?They're not mutually exclusive? Don't intervene in wars you can't win, but if you do try not to be a dick about it and minimise the damage to your allies on the way out?Need to see them with gym equipment to check.Sad to admit but Kabul was pretty modern under the Soviets too - Afghanistan was their experiment to show a communist utopia, which included strong roles for women etc. 

&gt;During the war, the Soviet-backed government made a number of attempts to modernise the situation of women's rights in Afghanistan, including granting equal employment rights and mandating education for girls. By 1988, women made up 40 percent of the doctors and 60 percent of the teachers at Kabul University; 440,000 female students were enrolled in different educational institutions and 80,000 more in literacy programs.[10]


Then the US funded the Mujahideen, including Bin Laden.The current season of You illustrates this will (Love is a Feeler and also the scariest)Must Kill to Protect LoveBut at least none of them are controlling so they could each do their own thing.

ESTJ is not going to be ok with ENFP's 'rebellious'/outside the box ways.ESFPs are probably actually good at fighting/killing zombies thoughOh let me introduce you to my pessimistic zombie plan - if it's a pyramid scheme type thing, become a zombie early so at least you have some underling zombies who take your orders and die/re-die before you.Mum: ENFJ
Dad: INFJ
Sister 1: ENTJ
Sister 2: INTJ
Me: INFJ

We're not a very practical family. Rosa ParksTell your friend he's just wrong. The whole point of that episode is that violent 'justice' debases society. And by introducing amnesia you prevent any opportunity for rehabilitation, so what is the point?Married to an ENTP and never intimidated. Impressed by how little they care about social norms / what people want them to be/do. Galled at how tactless they can be.Well it is worse for her. Even if she forgets, her body and mind are repeatedly going through traumatic stress. Eventually that's going to add up physiologically.I relate to some of the INFJ statements, except I wouldn't want to be pigeon-holed into the stereotype of preferring writing about personal issues and hating pre-determined templates or structures. 

I love writing in a manner that flows logically and will win someone over to my argument, using persuasion. 

In my line of work, I have to translate technical subject matter into convincing funding bids. I enjoy learning about techniques and structures that are known to work, and also getting into the heads of the reviewers by understand why the template is structured the way it is and the essence of what it is each question is after.Eukaryotes probably evolved from prokaryotes swallowing each other but not digesting and instead keeping the smaller ones as organelles (mitochondria etc).Definitely respected my teachers and was sometimes thought of as teachers pet, but really it was because I actually bothered to take an interest in them and their passion for their subject. Never deathly quiet in classes.Unless you have kids. Going to work was my me time :(Isaac Aldous MagnussonSuperpoweredNice! Are you after a name? Pyrrhic Victoria? PyrrChicI think Ian Hislop is a good example of a more moral ENTPI have rid us of disease, poverty and hunger! Also, there are no more humans.The INTPs I know and love (as friends) are super smart and also laid back, for an INFJ that is a rare opportunity for a zen friendship. It's the one type it seems easy to be in tune with and to let your guard down around (for the big things, can still be a victim of trolling).Most importantly, GandalfINFJ: coordinated a diverse team to achieve a shared vision, shedding light on an obscure problemNo still changing the lightbulb (/other practical day to day things).. I'd probably enlist the help of other capable people just to check I'm doing it right (/get out of changing it myself) .Not sure if intentional, but the INFJ slight head tilt is on point. All the INFJs I know (me included) do the slight smile and head tilt in photos. These are great!Hey ENTJs, if you're smart you'll keep us as council and /or put us in charge of diplomacy/health/education. If your aim is to be and remain just, that is.I agree. Married to an ENTP for a while and while he is an open book for opinions, concepts, dislikes etc. I still have a hard time figuring out how he is at a given time, and if he actually has any vulnerabilities.I'm also an INFJ and also admire how put together ISFJs tend to lookENTP is unsolicited advice - eg. "Could it be that you're crying because it's something that you did wrong and could do better next time?"Just married to an ENTP and I'd never hear "Oh Dear", more likely "What's wrong", the focus being more on solving problems than dwelling on emotions.With a stranger I think I'd be desperately trying to make eye contact to see if it's okay to go in and comfort or if they want to be left alone.It's a tough one, I've known ENFJs to be that way: giving a LOT but expecting something in return. 
I think as an introvert I'm a bit more cautious about the giving aspect, and while I don't necessarily expect the same in return, I think it's important to steer clear of unequal relationships where the other person just takes. I think NFJs are particularly vulnerable to emotional vampires and so might go too far the other way.Sorry if it sounded harsh, I think it usually comes from a good place. I've just had many iterations of this conversation:

INFJ: I'm feeling down because x happened

ENTP: Couldn't you have tried x?

INFJ: Why are you trying to pick holes in what *I* did?

ENTP: I'm just trying to understand the situation to solve it

INFJ: But I didn't ask you to solve anything

ENTP: So why are we talking

INFJ: I just wanted some support but you actually made me feel worse

ENTP:...

INFJ: Just hug me for now. But also hold on to those solutions, I might pick your brain when I'm ready.Yeah but the INFJ looks like a trapped dear in headlights, which is probably accurate if thrown into limelight/royaltyI check the menu, check the reviews on both tripadvisor and google, scan comments to see if any dish is a particular favourite/specialty. Is that too much?In my country (UK) young and old people vote exactly opposite - 70% 18-24 vote Labour, 70% over 60s vote Conservatives. But by and large young people don't vote, and so no one cares about them politically. Eg. First generation in a long time to be worse off than their parents, but policies are focused on keeping the housing bubble going and protecting the pensions of  the elderly. Young people not caring about politics are part of the problem - and short of mobilising them these inequalities are only going to get worse.This is the way.Yeah ISTJ vs ENTJ, not sure I would say ISTJ is more emotionalI don't see Si mapping to emotional eg intense feelings/easily displayed*initiates plan B part 1*I'm in project management and so my job is literally to have plans but also to forsee likely deviations and plan contingencies. It's in a research environment too, where most of my colleagues are NTPs. I think planning + also being solutions driven is an okay combination in this context (although not without its stresses).Exactly. I'm usually a source of strength and support to ENF*s when they feel burnt out.I spent most of high-school day dreaming about college and it came true, I really found my tribe then.

(Not a complete loner at high school, I did have a tight knit small group of friends where we all knew each other really well. But if I happened to be separated from them, I would try to blend with the background and avoid any drama. Being an unwilling teacher's pet didn't help either)Quality &gt; quantityActually I've always gotten along with kids, more so than with most adults. It's usually mutual. Relaxed approach, follow their lead, actually enjoy answering their questions or playing along with their stories and games.I hate these. Why ENFJ friend, whyyy?Ok say that again when you or a loved one ever develops intrusive thoughts that tell you non stop and with increasing intensity how much you suck and how much everyone around you would be better off if you're gone. I've been mentally healthy all my life until postnatal depression got me like a ton of bricks. It's super exhausting and it made me feel actual empathy for all those who've taken their own lives.Men are 3.5 times more likely to commit suicide, but ok. https://www.verywellmind.com/men-and-suicide-2328492A small house party with like 3-6 friends and a good XNFX/XNTX balance is the ideal in the real"Why can't you just be normal??!"
😔It's fine, I ended up going to a STEM university where almost no one was 'normal'I just think we do a good job at hiding our true selves.  Slow rivers running deep etc.Literally almost anything but Ron/Hermione (which JKR agreed is going to lead to years of counselling), and anything but Harry/Ginny (their most romantic scene involves finding a maggot in their hair, and is the one sided product of years of unhealthy hero worship).

https://www.digitalspy.com/movies/a550463/jk-rowling-hermione-and-ron-would-work-with-marriage-counselling/

Based on that article, Harry/Hermione would have been more harmonious.

Ron/Luna could be cute and/or disastrous.Guys, I'm gonna check where (friend) is they should be here and maybe something happened.
*never comes back*It starts so early too. My son is only 3 and since he could talk the comparisons with cousins etc. that never stop talking, hug everyone etc. Even the ones that veer on the bullying side are praised for their confidence/cleverness. The comparisons have been endless. He's a great kid - superb attention to detail (writing, colouring, building), absolutely loves story time/creating stories and can be left to play on his own without being bothered. He's got deep relationships with those he loves (including other kids) but can't just switch on smiles and cuddles for random strangers/family friends as soon as he meets them. He's not been great with the long distance video calling, which I think has offended some relatives. I'm an introvert myself and I hope I can build his confidence that there's absolutely nothing wrong with his personality.I think it's compounded by the pandemic/ pain of not being able to interact physically for over a year. If we could meet in person (usually for a few weeks every year), I know there would be quality one on one time with my son. It's a rubbish situation all round.Same for INFJ... Just cringing and replaying all the ways it could have gone better.This is why I prefer debating with INTJs - they are usually invested in their opinion and have done a modicum of research.
There is a nice set of short "supervision" descriptions here: [Minimalist supervision descriptions](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7201-Minimalist-supervision-descriptions)  
It's not entirely true that the "supervisor" goes around controlling and criticizing the "supervisee". In most cases, the "supervisor doesn't care that much to invest the effort to correct the "supervisee", and/or also realizes that they might come off as intrusive, mean, overly critical, socially inappropriate, and don't say anything. I'd say more about what I've seen of supervision, but this is the MBTI subreddit -- if you're interested in Socionics, there is a sub devoted to it /r/Socionics/.What I've found out is that VI (visual identification) makes for a huge shortcut for typing people by jungian typology. Once I've put in some effort into studying how to visually identify types, I could figure out someone's type with about 50+% accuracy simply by observing a person from a distance (which is way higher than 6% of random chance guessing). Follow-up conversations combined with visual cues confirmed their type. It also makes Socionics be more personable and applicable to real life social interactions.   
However, that discovery also came along with a realization that VI is not for everyone. About 2/3rds of people never learn how to pick up on how the visual cues relate to how the individual metabolizes information (i.e. their TIM, type of information metabolism), and which info elements they are using in which position of Model A (there is a fine-tuned correlation that exists there). So the majority of people are lacking in something that would make VI work for them. If you are among that lucky 20-30% few that can make VI work, it makes for an awesome shortcut in typing.  
There are some VI resources posted here: [Visual Identification](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/list.php/category/60-Visual-Identification)  
Guy talking on how he uses Filatova's photo collection to identify types from distance: [Spot a type](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vs-3gPXN-0Y)  
And this is a great gallery to go by: [Socionics Type Photo Gallery](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/)  
How to make this work if you're only starting out: place several photographs of the person next to the photographs in Filatova's pics and the gallery collection. Contrast and compare. Some type matches will stand out among the rest.  
And by the way we have an entire subreddit devoted to Socionics /r/Socionics/.the organizer-workaholicsIf you go to Google Scholar and type in keywords like "personality" "appearance" "character traits" etc., you will find a number of research publications describing correlations between outward appearance and various aspects of personality (Eg ["Facial cues related to later career success"](http://spp.sagepub.com/content/2/2/154.abstract)). There was a study done for Big 5, for instance, that correlated appearance to their five scales. With all these studies done across several universities in different countries showing evidence that these looks-personality correlations do exist, it wouldn't be surprising if Socionics "types of information metabolism" were related to some outward physical features. I don't know of any such studies for for socionics off the top of my head, but then a lot of their publications are in russian and not easily accessible to english speakers.   
That aside, as an example of application of VI on photographs, you can compare photographs gathered for Fe and Fi leading types: [ESE](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Photographs_of_Types_by_Filatova#ESE_.2F_ESFj) vs. [ESI](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Photographs_of_Types_by_Filatova#ESI_.2F_ISFj) - I think it's rather visible from these photos who values Fe, Extraverted Feeling, and who values Fi, introverted feeling.I thought the OP had that part covered already with memorizing the information elements and quadra values. It's a good head start into socioncs, but there is a lot of "correlation" to real life examples that needs to happen to make socionics of any use to him. VI helps with this partially.Yes, Soconics is more precise with determining type.   
At first, it may seem unnecessarily convoluted, too rigid, too "systematic" and strictly defined in comparison to MBTI. In actuality, these extra socionics categories and "groupings" define types - [Reinin dichotomies](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Reinin_dichotomies#Overview), [temperaments](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Temperament), [intertypes](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations), [clubs](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Club), [communication styles](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Communication_styles), and so on - give much more precise and better defined method for typing oneself than what is available in MBTI.   
In Socionics, if you make a mistake and mistype, then your intertype relationships won't work as described, those dichotomies and groupings won't fit, any additional descriptions will make sense - i.e. there will be more than enough "alarm bells ringing" to tell you that something is wrong with your self-typing (despite this, at least ~10-15% of socionics regulars still end up mistyping themselves, usually due to young age, self-misconceptions, eccentric personalities, etc.).   
In MBTI there are little to no consequences to choosing the wrong type for yourself. There is no "system of checks-and-balances" to tell you that something is off and needs to be checked and re-evaluated again. Which is why many more people adopt the wrong type for years.  
* By the way, there is a socionics subreddit to not keep it mixing up with the MBTI - /r/Socionics/.What I don't get with the people who claim that Jung, MBTI, and Socionics are different and distinct typologies, is that such a claim creates 3 different typologies, with 16 types each, or 48 possible types in total that are all somehow based on Jung's original writing. Something about having these many types derived from only 4 functions doesn't make much sense.  
  
It's of higher likelihood and sensibility that there is a single system of 4 functions and 16 type derivatives, and that Jung, Myers-Briggs, Kiersey, Agusta, etc. simply had somewhat different interpretations of this one system. Similarly to how different enneagram authors say different things about the enneagram types -- nobody takes this as evidence of enneagram splitting into different typologies, yet they assume this in case of MBTI/Socionics/Jung and other Jung derivates.There is no best way - there are many ways that are simply different.  
    
Socionics has [multiple grouping](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Small_groups) btw besides the quadra, each having its own interpretation and application when it comes to typing yourself or others.That was written as a parody profile for a socionics type. You are using something that was written for purposes of humor and shock value to assess the original thing. Seriously now.  

I've browsed INTp descriptions at [Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home#Socionics_Types) when deciding on my type and they were insightful and maturely written, an example:  
&gt;"ILI (INTp) attentively follows the flow of life. He is keenly perceptive of details and barely discernible tendencies. Explains which causes have led to which consequences in present situation. Immersed in the past, studies recurring phenomena. Due to associatively organized memory and love of learning is often erudite. Clearly discerns contradictions and inaccuracies in the positions and opinions of others. Possessing a thoughtful mind can make an impression of a clever and far-sighted man. Cautious when making decisions. His position is that you need to run a little ahead of the game. Always chooses the safest course of action. In his mind, considers the rationale for actions, calculates the resources and costs incurred, draws the balance of the useful to the useless. ..."He reposted that illiterate nonsense from a site, socioncs.com, that has been giving socionics bad cred for a decade now because it's author wrote a series of kooky profiles that focus heavily on physical aspects of types, among some other kooky things he's written. I've found [16types.info](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php) and [Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home) to be better sources for socionics information than that site.These types are very compatible by functions. In terms of functional theory it's the best match out there. But, as in any relationship, there are plenty of factors outside of MBTI theory that are going to influence the relationship for the better or for worse. I'd say some ENFPs and ISTJs are more compatible than others. [This ENFP woman supposedly married a compatible ISTJ man.](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/37725-On-duality-marriage-and-how-much-it-really-matters)

If you want to read socionics descriptions of SiTe and NeFi duality you can look them up here: [SLI+IEE](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Duality_observations#Delta_Duality_Relations:_ISTp_.2B_ENFp_.3B_INFj_.2B_ESTj)This might help:  
[ENTJ](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=LIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) vs. [ESTJ](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=LSE_Profile_by_Gulenko)    
[ENTJ](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=LIE_by_Stratiyevskaya) vs. [ESTJ](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=LSE_by_Stratiyevskaya)   
Basically ENTJs come off as 'lighter', less serious, more humorous and positive people than ESTJs. In conversation or argument it's difficult to 'pin down' an ENTJ, because with developed intuition they'll find another way to respond to you or come up with another idea.   
  
ESTJs seem like people who take life too seriously and work too hard, and who would love to 'lighten up' but have trouble doing it themselves.   
  
ENTJs also tend to wear 'rosy glasses' when it comes to people and are too trusting in relationships.   
   
ESTJs are on the opposite, always seem a bit standoffish, even slightly arrogant, and are more critical of people and distrusting in relationships.From distance - by using visual identification 'tips'. If you know what each function represents, you can then figure out how it's linked to people's behavior. For example, I find that ExxJ types tend to be a bit more linear in their behavior and less flexible and adaptable than ExxP types (dominant Je vs. dominant Pe).  
  
If you want to read more about visual identification there are some resources on [this website](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/list.php/category/60-Visual-Identification). Even though it's socionics most of this also applies to identifying MBTI types from a distance. You can also take photographs of your friends and compare them side-by-side with the photos in [this gallery](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/) to at least narrow it down to a couple of type.This is after 5 years experience with MBTI and watching people try to type themselves, sometimes to no avail:  
  
- INTPs often mistype as INTJs and will try out other types like ISTP,  ENTx, even ENFP. Their Ne sees too many possibilities, while with repressed Ni and weak F functions they don't keep track of their personal history and values to see how their 'personal patterns' match a given type. I know some INTPs who are still trying out different types after knowing about MBTI for 5 years(!).  
  
- What CritSrc said about Si valuers typing into intuitives due to poor Si stereotying is TRUE! MBTI has a pervasive pro-intuitive bias. By now I've known at least 3 ISFJs typing themselves into ENFJs and INFJs, and several ISTJs who typed as INTJs. Often very intelligent 'sensors' will get typed by others into 'intuitives'. Right now my INFP friend is dating a very intelligent ESTJ, whom she has gotten typed as INTJ, referring to the MBTI articles saying how INFP and INTJ are a good match.
  
- ENFJs - people of this type tend to doubt for a long time. Typically mistype into other extraverted types - ENTJ or ENTP if male and wanting to be more logical, more rarely ESxPs.  
  
- INFPs usually go around several types such as ISFP, INTP, ISFJ, INFJ and may get stuck in the wrong type if they follow the wrong chain of reasoning.  
  
- ISFPs have some trouble typing themselves and will consider intuitive types.  
  
Types that seem to eventually work out the theory and accurately figure out where they stand are ENFP, ENTJ, INxJs, and some obvious ENTPs. If you see an INxJ who is constantly doubting their type, seeing alternative possibilities that he/she is willing to discuss and debate at every turn, chances are high that this is a Ne valuer mistyping as a Ni type.Well there are Ne dominants who are or were some of the most famous and influential people. Like Albert Einstein who was renowned even in his times and invited to many events and symposiums. If you watch TED talks plenty of Ne speakers there. Some type Bill Gates as ENTP and he's freaking rich not to mention well known. The founder of Facebook is probably also ENTP and he's also very rich.
  
In everyday sense Ne has the ability to see 'open windows' of promising (NT, +Ne) or negative (NF, -Ne) new potential that no other types can see as quickly. This enables the Ne user to easily 'jump on' and occupy those possibilities or avoid dangerous involvements. This is a very useful ability to be always a step ahead of others or to avoid problems.  
  
There is an example in socionics of use of minus-Ne (the Ne that sees negative potentials) that possibly saved the person's life. She lived in the times of Stalin, and when her friend got repressed and ordered to be sent to labor camps, her friend left her her piano. The girl saw a danger in receiving this even though expensive gift, and turned down the gift, with this potentially saving her own life. Thus being keenly perceptive of potentials and possibilities is a very important ability to have.

Besides that Ne functions like a fog - it surrounds other people with words words and more words, more discussion, more debate, and more possibilities and alternatives - and while other types get stuck in it, their brain slows down to process everything, the Ne user can get what they want or slip away. It's a great 'trickster' function and is very slippery.I don't think this is related to functions. Perhaps look into [instincts and stackings](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/133-Instinctual-Stackings). Usually being sx-first gives a person hyper-emotional processing of events, since SX is connected to the limbic system of the brain, the one that processes emotions. Having that as you first instinct makes you process everything over-the-top emotionally, even banal minor everyday happenings and events.Well the instincts correspond rather well to the 3 parts of the brain from the [triune brain theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triune_brain). Even though this theory is considered to be currently outdated, it's correlation to instinct typology is still uncanny. The stackings would then reflect how the brain prioritizes information coming from these three areas. In people who are SX first the limbic system processing would be primary, leading to extensive emotional coloration of the world from their point of view. Which is something IMO that many people who get into instincts don't get: is that SX instinct isn't about sex, soul mates, and searching for a mate because you're feeling lonely -- it's about the whole plethora of emotions that a person is capable of feeling. In SX first people the emotions and perceptions coming from their limbic system simply take a precedence above anything else.Functions play [different roles](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Functions) in each type and have [dichotomies of their own](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Function_dichotomies), thus they have different traits depending on their location (first 'program', second 'creative', etc). I'd write more but we have /r/Socionics for Socionics discussions and I don't want it to get them mixed up with MBTI.A somewhat more friendly version of Te-SLI (Te-ISTJ)? See if your S.O. fits this description: [Te-SLI](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=SLI_subtypes#Logical_subtype_Te-ISTp_.28Te-SLI.29)
    
Another question: is he 'dynamic'? Does he mostly pay attention to the flow of things and actions of people rather than performing a 'static' analysis of the situation of an issue? If he is 'dynamic' that would point toward him being a J-type in MBTI. Some examples of dynamic vs static thinking [here](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Static#Examples).70-80% of reinin descriptions line up with my type, as well as the types of my roommates. They work in my experience, just need to know how to use them, which parts to apply and which parts to discard, which is an understanding that comes after a lot of people watching.&gt; The quadras are cool, but for the most part it seems that Socionics thinks people are 16 types, with no individuality at all ... they are treating people like they come straight off assembly lines rather than taking into account the personal aspects of people   
    
MBTI does the very same thing with its 16 types. You have put an ESTP flare next to your name, branding yourself as one of the ESTP MBTI 'factory clones', and yet you're not complaining or rallying against it.&gt;the majority of people, who confide in Socionics love to VI   
   
The [polls posted on socionics forums](http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/149544-visual-identification-yay-nay.html) show that A MINORITY of people use VI in typing, that 75% of those involved in socionics don't rely on visual identification, which is 3 in 4 people you'd meet on socionics forum boards.   
   
Not sure where you're getting your information from, but what you are saying is simply factually inaccurate.No typology says person = their type. Where are you getting this from? A few people get into that mindset, losing sight of the forest behind the trees, but this happens in MBTI, Keirsey, Enneagram, and other typologies. Just visit the MBTI sections at Personality Cafe and read all the "How do I date an INFJ, INTP, etc." threads - they aren't dating a person but an MBTI type instead.   
  
And Jung is just as much at fault here, since he was the first one to reduce all the depth and richness of personalities of people he had met in his lifetime with to just 8 functions. So much for prized "individuality" heh.There have been many studies done in modern psychology that show that physical appearance IS linked to one's personality. For example [a 2009 publication from UC Berkeley](http://psp.sagepub.com/content/early/2009/09/17/0146167209346309.short) (top 10 research institutions in the US):
&gt;Despite the crucial role of physical appearance in forming first impressions, little research has examined the accuracy of personality impressions based on appearance alone. This study examined the accuracy of observers' impressions on 10 personality traits based on full-body photographs using criterion measures based on self and peer reports. When targets' posture and expression were constrained (standardized condition), observers' judgments were accurate for extraversion, self-esteem, and religiosity. When targets were photographed with a spontaneous pose and facial expression (spontaneous condition), observers' judgments were accurate for almost all of the traits examined.

Socionics simply doesn't close their eyes to this knowledge. In this way it is a step ahead of MBTI in admitting to the looks-personality traits connections, and keeping up with modern day research.That's because socionics is closer to being cognitive science than typology of personality. It was created from merging Kepinski's work on information metabolism with Jung's writing about psychic functions. As such, socionics defined types as different modes by which the mind processes information - rather than different personality types as does MBTI. That's why it seems so much 'colder' and less personal than MBTI - it's actually closer to neuroscience, linguistics, communication theory, and other non-humanistic fields of study. 
    
MBTI actually tries to equate Jung's function to people's personalities - in which many people think it has taken the wrong turn. Socionics says nope! functions are modes of information processing, that and only that, and not people's personalities.Great feedback! The ESFP and INTJ are considered to be [duals](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Duality_observations#Gamma_Duality_Relations:_INTp_.2B_ESFp_.3B_ISFj_.2B_ENTj) in socionics, so definitely a case of 'opposites carefully attract and try not to step on too many mines in the process'. I have always wondered how these friendships happen and you're awesome for sharing all of this.INTJs and ISFPs have the same cognitive functions for their types, which means very similar ways of thinking about things. At the same time the strong (1,2) functions of one are the weak (3,4) functions of the other, which creates enough difference to keep things interesting.   
    
For other compatible with ISFP types check out this link: [ISFP compatibility chart](http://personalitycafe.com/isfp-articles/288-love-types-isfp-11.html#post22271698).This girl sounds manipulative and having 'issues' of her own. I've seen this type of behavior from girls (and women) before, and it has always been the histrionic, narcissistic,  quasi-sociopathic drama queens and attention grabbers who would acted out this way. They typically also have guy-friends who are attracted to their emotional instability and hoping to get on with them, so they will stick around them and play the knight role, adulating her every phrase and threatening any other men that come near. It's sickening to watch this whole scene happen, especially that these girls harm real genuine guys who by accident walk into their viper's nests.
    
My friend, who is a very friendly and helpful guy, got into this same situation by trying to be friendly with a girl who apparently has a bag of emotional issues (by now several of us think she has histrionic personality disorder). She has not only complained about him and spread false rumors about him that he was 'creepy' towards her but has also cried about it to her guy-friends so they became hostile towards him and would try to argue with him at every turn.   
   
In this situation I would say run, run as fast as you can from this girl. Guys get sucked into having relationships with girl's with emotional issues, same as girls get sucked into dating a-holes who play with their emotions. It's not worth it. In the end its just a personal sickness that perpetuates itself and enervates everyone who gets pulled into these types of relationships and games.I'm going to take a stab at this.   
   
Social/Sexual (so/sx) [instinct stacking](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/133-Instinctual-Stackings). You match the [so/sx visual composite](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/265-Instinct-Stacking-Face-Composites) pretty well.
    
Creative/auxiliary Pe function, which means you are IxxP type. A bit softer than logical types, which narrows it down to IxFP, so either Se-ISFP and Ne-INFP. Which of these two profiles do you relate to more? [Ne-INFP](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=EII_subtypes#Intuitive_subtype_Ne-INFj_.28Ne-EII.29) vs. [Se-ISFP](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes#Sensory_subtype_Se-ISFj_.28Se-ESI.29).Certainly, even Jung has commented that some functions seem attractive to certain other function. This is what he wrote about introverted Fi women seeming captivating for extraverted men: " It gives a woman of this type a certain mysterious power that may prove terribly fascinating to the extraverted man, for it touches his unconscious."  
  
I think this is most likely the case that some types are more compatible than others. MBTI doesn't get too much into it, but in socionics you can find more thorough [descriptions of intertype relations](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations).&gt; most ENFJs are actually ESFJs then

MBTI does have a strong pro-intuitive bias that makes sensors type as intuitives. I remember posting on Personality Cafe's INFJ subforum and we had all kinds of sensory types posting there: ISFPs, ISTJs, ISFJs, ESFJs. There is no way for these people to catch that they have made a typing mistake and mistyped themselves in MBTI, because all that MBTI offers as typing material are short, vague profiles. Socionics is much more precise in how people are typed. If you mistype, for example, none of the intertype relations would work for you. So when people start learning socionics after MBTI, they suddenly discover that they are of a different type from what they previously thought.

Also Socionics types are NOT personality traits like "no fun", "lazy" "slutty", etc. It says [in the very introduction to it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socionics) that their types are "types of information metabolism" aka TIMs. If you choose to read labels like "lazy" or "slutty" into the type profiles, that's your choice to conceptualize types in such a way and not at all representative of what that typology is based on.   
    
By the way we have a subreddit for discussing socionics to not get it mixed up with MBTI /r/Socionics.This feels more like creative or inferior Te. I have tertiary Ti and even if I've done the prereq research I don't mind other people telling me the specs again, to confirm that what I've read is really what they are offering, to check my information and my point of view against theirs, etc. "I know" is rarely something that I say.   
    
In socionics there is a dichotomy called "Subjectivists/Objectivits" that imho reflects the Ti vs. Te differences very well. The Subjectivists (Ti users) tend to do this thing with comparing their knowledge and view points to others, which is if you say "I know" shuts down this Ti comparing process of internal logical networks.

&gt; The Subjectivist (Ti valuer), in contrast to the Objectivist (Te valuer), is not inclined to derive "objectively accurate" rules and regularities, generalizing for this purpose his own experiences and experiences of others. Instead, the Subjectivist assumes that other people have different criteria and their own views on any situation, therefore he determines whether his or someone else's actions were correct or incorrect by comparing them with his "subjective" view—he evaluates them in accordance to his personal concepts, "his system", his intentions, and so on. (Source: [Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Merry#Subjectivists))It also sounds like you possibly have "vulnerable" F functions from the way you describe it it's like your using the a creative logical function to protect your weaker feeling functions from "unwanted interaction" with other people. I generally don't feel like this in stores. With creative Fe it's easy to initiate or break off interactions with others, so there is no worry about any potential unwanted conversations happening.ISTP mistyping as ENTJ or ESTP is common especially if the ISTP is the [Se-subtype](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=LSI_subtypes#Sensory_subtype_Se-ISTj_.28Se-LSI.29). I guess it happens because they are more boisterous and energetic, the way people expect ENTJs to be. Ti-ISTPs usually consider xNTx types for themselves like INTP or ENTP, especially if they are in the head triad in the enneagram, inclined to intellectualism.Betas hands down, because Beta really rises to greatness when there is a need to unite under one cause and push through or survive against major adversities (example WWII expulsion of Nazi troops from USSR), but in peace time there is too much repression of individuality for the sake of the 'system', which usually ends up being an overly bureaucratic government.  
   
The Te quadra are great for waging economic wars, but they have too much individuality to come together under one banner like Betas and push as one force. Delta being Aristocratic will unite over shared sentiments for one cause or another, but good luck getting Gammas to do anything for group causes.Dual types are the ones that have same cognitive functions arranged in opposite order. This makes them see and judge the world from similar perspective, and have similar values, while the strong first two functions of one support the weak two functions of the other. So for ENTP this would be:  
ENTP: Ne-Ti-Fe-Si   
ISFJ: Si-Fe-Ti-Ne (this type is ISFp or SEI in socionics)    
So as you can see these two types are practically the same type with functional stacks in reverse. You can read more about this duality on [this Wikisocion page](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Duality_observations).      
    
These relationships are sometimes described as "yin and yan" because they balance and support each other perfectly. Of course in real life a lot more things factor into to how two "dual" people get along, including other typologies like enneagram and instincts.   
   
Btw there is a Socionics subreddit /r/Socionics for posting all Socionics related questions.&gt;For MBTI I have read about approaches to strengthening / evolving the self, but cannot find something like this for Socionics (which I just discovered at sociotype.com), except perhaps for finding an "ideal mate".   
    
This is because Socionics types are treated as "types of information metabolism" aka TIMs instead of "personality types", and there isn't much you can do to "improve" the way you process information, besides becoming aware on a personal level of your own biases, and strong and weak points of your thinking and perception, and those of other people. The net effect is usually that it makes people become less judgmental and critical of others, and become more considerate and sensitive towards their peculiarities.   
    
By the way a great source for Socionics information is the [Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home). It is a wiki devoted to Socionics and has the latest translated articles and many type descriptions. In some of the type descriptions that can be found at Wikisocion, such as the type profiles written by Viktor Gulenko, you will find recommendations for representatives of each type for self-improvement. For example this is what he recommends for ENTPs in the [ENTp profile](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko#Recommendations_for_self-improvement):
   
&gt;The following recommendations may also be useful to you. Don't get carried away with excessive democratism, which inconspicuously for you may meld into unneeded familiarity. This could undermine your credibility and your authority. Exercise more tact in your behavior to not shock people with your honesty and straightforwardness. By this you can acquire ill-wishers, without aiming for it yourself.   
   
&gt;Another one of your problems is inability to be organized and low self-discipline. Due to this, you lose track of daily chores and upkeep tasks, which may result in disruption of events and future plans that you had in mind. Try to take care of things in timely manner.   
   
&gt;If you are the supervisor or manager at work, try not to slip into excessive exercises of your will. Avoid pressuring of your employees unnecessarily. Know where to draw the line. Such an inadequate response can you put into a ridiculous position. Switch your energy into taking up sports, to allow it an outlet. This will raise your vitality, improve your well-being and endurance. You'll become more collected and disciplined.   I wouldn't say that "keeping to your own" is what Socionics teaches or recommends. They even describe the intertype relations as having different purposes, for example, mirror extin and quasi-identical relations are described as great for doing research together, instead of "being bad" or "keep away from them":
   
&gt;This group includes Identical, Mirror, Extinguishment and Quasi-identical relations. Their goal – to learn more about the world, its fundamental laws, and about oneself through comparison with others. Within these types of relations, ability to make comparisons, analyses, classifications, and to put forward advanced hypothesis improves markedly. (Source: [Classification of Intertype Relationships](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/165-Classification-of-Intertype-Relations))   
    
On certain discussion boards like the16types there is a strong element of "quadra elitism" present. However, it doesn't come from Socionics itself, but rather the individuals of those communities who chose to practice and interpret it in such a way (and their need to compensate for other things not being so great in their life). So they use typology to construct insider-groups and outsider-groups, put all the people they like into their own group, and push all those whom they dislike, or who are socially "undesirable", into the out-groups. Quadra is the easiest grouping available for them to engage in this vestige of tribalism. But again, Socionics itself does not encourage this. Anyone who studies it for a while eventually realizes that quadra need each other, and any quadra by itself without contact from others will stagnate and disintegrate.    
    
Duality relationships, by the way, get really boring and stagnant if they are isolated from outside involvement. Information exchange between duals happens quickly, and then there's nothing else to do and nothing to talk about. Without the presence of other types in dual couple's life, things tend to fizzle out pretty quickly.INTP is more likely, especially if you relate to any of this [Holographical-Panoramic Cognition](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Cognitive_Styles#Holographical-Panoramic_Cognition) - this is typical thinking style of INTPs to see the system as a whole and to explain it in smaller parts.The Omega quadra ...Melania is an extravert and EJ, most likely ENFj. She is really nothing like a "sincere" introverted feeling type in the interview.That study has been questioned by a later study done by Filatova, [Study of Socionics Types in Families](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Socionics_Type_and_Intertype_Relations_Statistics_by_Filatova#Part_2._Study_of_sociotypes_and_intertype_relations_in_families.), that places dual couples at only 15% frequency compared to 45% from the study you linked.yeah and also mirage and semi-duals will mistype one another as duals imeI often get the feeling that when an ISFP is in "attack mode" they are doing it from underlying fear.My ENFP friends don't do this so I doubt it has to do with jungian type. Check your friend's enneagram type - people in the "image triad" (types 2,3,4) usually concern with and put in a lot of their effort to portray and maintain a certain image of themselves in the eyes of others, which in situations when they are being inauthentic leads to a certain sense of artificiality and theatricity.It's possible that she is the Fe-subtype in which case she would use Fe more frequently than Si even if she is Si dominant. MBTI doesn't go into this but it's described in socionics: [ISFJ (SEI) subtypes](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=SEI_subtypes).I've seen this type of relationship twice where ENFPs were female and ENTPs were male. I think they first connect based on sense of similarity, that they finally found another free spirit who's just like themselves, who is up to dining out in the middle of the night or hoping on the plane and flying somewhere the next day. The big problem that arises in this relationship later is that they cannot speak each other's "love languages" - one uses Fi and the other uses Fe, and words of feelings get lost in translation between these different feeling functions. Eventually the ENFP decides that the ENTP is a consummate jerk, and after several attempts to "re-educate" him, during which the ENTP argues right back at the ENFP, the ENFP leaves. Both feel rather hurt after this interaction and ENTP feels misunderstood. Twice this has unfolded in exact same manner, so I wouldn't recommend it.   
   
Thing is that ENTP in Socionics has Fi as his most painful or vulnerable function. This happens to be ENFP's auxiliary function. Meanwhile ENFP has Ti as most painful function, which is ENTP's auxiliary. Reason why this relationship doesn't work out so well is that they keep hitting each other's most painful spots with their auxiliary functions. As a result, resentments and offenses build up from both sides (enfp will be more vocal about this, but entp feels no less hurt) and if there is nothing holding them together they will gladly separate.MBTI does not determine your "personality", that's a common misconception about MBTI types. It informs you about your dominant perception and judgement "cognitive lenses" through which you perceive and interpret the world, but this is not who you are and does not constitute your personality - to put it in another way, your MBTI type is not the identity of the personality that is behind those mind lenses that watche the world unfold.The ENFPs, in my experience, pay attention to the external world, but some of the sensory stimuli have a tendency to annoy and irritate them, and they either don't feel like they have immediate control over this or don't want to deal with them - it's almost like they are waiting for someone else to take care of them and rid them of the nuisance (which is an expression of their [inferior Si](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/135-MBTI-Form-of-the-Inferior-Functions)). From your description it doesn't sound like this is your case, which makes ESFP more likely typing for you.I think there is more than jungian type that contributes to this (such as Big 5 "Agreeableness" score). In socionics readiness for conflict is attributed to having strong extroverted sensing, Se. Conversely, types that have weakest Se are considered to be most averse to conflict - these are Ti-Ne and Fi-Ne types, which would be INTP and INFP in MBTI. These types are considered to be "judicious" "farsighted" and "strategists" in socionics. Being conflict avoidant doesn't mean that they are not competitive, however, but even if they are competing with someone, once they set a long term goal they prefer to avoid (and evade) straight on collisions and direct conflicts. Instead they use their creative Ne to spot other possibilities and opportunities, or to create "intuitive" ambiguity in an argument that's not going in their favor for example, and either Ti to thoroughly think and calculate things ahead of time or Fi to read into people's attitudes and relationships, and basically escape or "maneuver out of" direct confrontations.A couple of ESFPs I know (all female) would do the following:   
- invite you out to activities with them, like going to a festival with them and some friends   
- ask for your number, facebook, and your social whereabouts to let you know they want you to become a part of their social circle   
- discuss their relationships and other people with you, if they are feeling comfortable with you they might share some negative stuff   
- periodically get distracted or bored if there's nothing much happening but renew contact if they are truly interested in you (EPs are always looking out for new frontiers, and old friendships may feel less interesting to invest into)   
    
INFJs and ESFPs are in relations of [semi-duality](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Partial_duality) in socionics and from hanging out with ESFP friends while I find them interesting people overall, there is also something that turns us off from each other. They'll say something that will make me feel disengaged or I see them lose interest - it's not the most natural or the easiest relationships to keep up with, in comparison to INFJ's activators ISTPs or duals ESTPs, with lots of alternations of interest and disinterest.Since nobody can explain where do MBTI and Enneagram types come from - there is no logically coherent theory or any empirical evidence that would show the workings of both typologies - there are likewise no explanations of the "exceptions".   
    
From personal experience of doing hundreds of typings the pattern seems to be the following. (As a disclaimer I've never typed anyone to match their MBTI and enneagram and treated them as completely separate typologies, still after many typings I've noticed some combinations were nowhere to be found.)

Type 3-6-9 that are also called "primary types" in enneagram are found among all 16 types types with no exceptions.   
   
Type 1 was found among IPs, IJs, and EJs with EPs being the exception.  
    
Type 2 was found primarily among Feeling types. I haven't encountered a single e2 among xxTx types, though 2-wing was still commonly encountered among T-types (as in 1w2 and 3w2).   
    
Type 4 - IxFx;
Type 5 - IxTx.
Both type 4 &amp; 5 were found among Introverts only. I've met some ENFJs and ENFPs who claimed they were 4s but getting to know them better they turned out to be 3w4s who have mistaken their 4 wing for core 4 and types like 6w7 or 7w6 who mistook having some artistic and creative inclination for being e4.   

Both 4,5,6 seem to be some of the most commonly mistyped into types on typology forums, and I've seen people of all sorts of other types (1s, 7s, 3s) get typed into this trio of types. Possibly because they seem to have most personally appealing and innocuous stereotypes associated with them.
   
Types 7 &amp; 8 were found only among Extraverts. The closest introverts get to being an 7 or 8 is through the wing: 6w7 or 9w8, which sometimes got mistaken for being their core type.   
   
Type 8 is another type that is riddled with mistypes, especially by guys in their teens and 20s who want to "feel powerful", "be dominant", "be the boss", and revel in the 8-ish stereotypes but I've also seen some 7w8 and e3 women type into type 8 as well. Naranjo has noted [at 19:45 of his lecture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmWKFFCGBPc) that more people in his audience type as 8s than there are actual 8s present, so he's arrived at the same observation in his enneagram practice.
Weak Ti/Te in irrational types IxFJs and ExFPs usually manifests as the following:  
- difficulty breaking tasks down into smaller steps or stages, here each type has its own type of difficulty, and while INFJ may not know what to do due to not having any realistic concrete goals, the ISFJ usually knows what he or she wants but with weak logic and intuition doesn't risk to change their habitual way of life to get there   
- even if there are steps or stages the person has difficulty "streamlining" and "organizing" their actions in a rational, sensible, logical manner     
- logical consistency is hard to achieve, most often this shows up as getting distracted by a million little things, unimportant tasks and observations, and then putting in less work into your primary project or running out of time to do it (running over the deadlines for submission, etc.) and then just having to accept that you haven't been as thorough as you'd like to have been       
- generic dislike of living one's life like a robot who always calculates what is the most rational and logical thing to do, coupled with hidden envy of such people, who manage to accomplish this flawlessly, and thus solve their problems and get ahead in life&gt; we tend to have people mistyping from counter phobic type 6, because the behavioural results can be similar   
   
Yeah, the expansiveness of 7 and emotional reactivity of 6 get mistaken for type 8 all too often it seems. The most "staunch" type 8 mistypes have come from 7w6s and 7w8s in my experience, with 6w7 and 3s being the next runner-ups. I think this confusion does have to do with types 3,7,8 being the assertive, "ego-expansive" types.     
   
It boggles my mind though that these 6 &amp; 7 guys will read several type 8 profiles from various sources and repeatedly say that they identify with every word of type 8 profiles and that nothing will register as being off to them. Are the e8 profiles written so poorly that they cannot tell the difference? Or do these profiles sound like someone they'd want to be like, some image they idealize so much that they insist on identifying with 99% of it? (which in itself is already suspicious) Made me wonder what is going on here, because this story repeats itself across several typology forums and discussion boards.
&gt; Learning about socionics? Taking tests about this? - I can't trust them, I think I can't get rid of my biases. And turning them into MBTI types? How valid is that?   
   
[Polls show](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/49750-MBTI-and-Socionics-Type-Conversion-Polls) that it's quite valid to convert your Socionics type to your MBTI type: ~90% of people type into either functionally exactly same or similar type between the two typologies. And Socionics has a very "tight grid" on which you can back check yourself that goes beyond simply learning about cog. functions.   
The drawback is that Socionics literally takes at least 2 years to learn it well - it's much more complex than MBTI, but if you enjoy a mental challenge that this is the route to take.    
   
As for tests I find that at leas 50-70% of people tend to score their actual type or something very close to it, so it makes sense to take them and see what responses you get, but you'll need to verify your results by studying supplemental material.    
   
&gt; Learning about the big five personality traits? And, turning them into MBTI types, is this even something that should be done? Still, test thing.   
   
Big 5 doesn't help any with MBTI. It's interesting on its own, and has [some relation to the enneagram](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/14789-MBTI-amp-Enneagram-Type-Correlations?p=1131147&amp;viewfull=1#post1131147), but it's nearly useless for determining your Jungian type besides the Extro-Intro dichotomy.   
   
&gt; Learning about cognitive functions? Learning everything about them? Is this the path to follow? With this path, Will I be %100 sure about my type? I can't trust my subjective judgment, how can you?
Learning about types?    
     
Learning about the theory basics is definitely of a huge help for figuring out both your own type and types of other people. Here are some useful resources to get started on:      
[Understanding MBTI](http://www.personalitypathways.com/article/type-dynamics.html)   
[Lenore Thomson's Descriptions of Cognitive Functions](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/134-Lenore-Thomson-MBTI-Functions)   
[MBTI: Descriptions of cognitive functions from various sources](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/213-MBTI-Descriptions-of-cognitive-functions-from-various-sources)   
As well as the Jung's original [Chapter 10 on Psychological types](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/68-Psychological-Types-by-Jung).    
    
&gt; Learning how they are in real life? Stereotypes? Still, subjective judgment.   
   
This is also useful. After I've learned about my type, I've spent several months reading the different type forums on [Personality Cafe](http://personalitycafe.com/keirsey-temperament-forums/) studying different types. This not only allowed me to consolidate my own type (b/c ppl there were complaining about same problems I was having ha) but also allowed me to type others e.g. on the ENTP forum I saw the typical communication style of my boss, on the INTJ forums I saw several of my university professors, and so on.   
    
&gt; Begging on forums to get typed? It never ends well. Everyone says something diffrent. I can't trust them.    
    
This approach only works if you can identify the "typology gurus". Each forum and discussion board has a small subgroup of people who are aces in typology, but who for the reason of acing it don't participate much in the forum any longer - it's too boring for them. A few still stick around and can give you expert opinions. Thus, the opinions that you get by getting typed in various typology boards consist of 95% noise of newbies who suffer from [Dunning-Kruger effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect) trying to type you and &lt;5% of expert opinions - the expert opinions always wield higher accuracy, but are also hard to find due to their disinterest and inactivity. Finding an expert and maneuvering them into investing some effort and time into typing you (and for free) is difficult, but copious use of flattery and suck-ups to their expertise have worked for some new members.  When I used to be into MBTI I typed him as ENFJ, but after reading a few of his books and getting into Socionics I've seen some weighty evidence for him being an introverted feeling type (IxFx). Most in socionics type him as either ESI or IEI which corresponds to ISFP or INFJ in MBTI:   
* [Barack Obama's type](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1014-Barack-Obama)   
* [Obama, an introvert discussion.](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/41060-Barack-Obama-about-him)   [This is the relationship breakdown for ENFPs](http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890) suggested by Socionics with types converted by functions into MBTI types.  
   
They suggest that ISTJ is [the "dual" aka ideal match](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Duality) for the ENFP, and this is not only romantically but in all areas of life (parenting, student-teacher, work relationships, etc). If you take a look at ISTJ's and ENFP's cognitive functions you'll see why this is the case: ISTJ (Si-Te-Fi-Ne) and ENFP (Ne-Fi-Te-Si) - they are exactly the same just in different order. Thus people of this type may feel incredibly similar to each other, but at the same time different enough to have some spice and edge to their relationship, so things don't get boring and stagnant.    
   
Other beneficial matches for the ENFP include types that value Te and Si, such as ENTJ, INTJ, ESFJ, ESTJ, and ISFJ.   
   
In terms of real life examples, I know of one ENFP who has been in lifelong marriage to an INTJ, two durable ENFP-ISFJ marriages (in first one she is he ENFP and he is the ISFJ, and in second one he is the ENFP and she is the ISFJ), and have witnessed several long-term ENTJ-ENFP relationships.    
    
The dualization of ENFP with ISTJ does not proceed very smoothly, especially in the modern times when the western dating culture and wide spread of PUA material encourages guys to date around instead of finding the one, so if the ISTJ is a guy he might want to have experiences with other women instead of settling down with an ENFP. And that doesn't bode well for the ENFP-ISTJ dualization:   
   
&gt; -- It seems like the fourth quadra has the most stable duality. - The reader notices. - Looks like here partners dualize easily and successfully ...   
&gt; - That's something that cannot be said about the irrational dyad of 4th quadra. Once dualized, they actually form a very prosperous and harmonious couple. But the process of dualization in this pair is perhaps the most difficult and lengthy one, partially because both partners in this pair are two different kinds of "Don Juan": one - in the intuitive ethical interpretation, and other other - in the sensory logical one.    
The scheme of dualization here builds in such a way that partners not only eventually recognize that they are worthy of each other, but also have time to "lock onto" each other such that they don't feel the need to look further for any alternatives. (And one must agree that for a "Don Juan" this is very important - this is what brings peace to him and a sense of stability and satisfaction with what he has.)   
Of course, such smooth and complimentary dualization is achieved only over a long period of time, which is needed for these partners to get to know each other better.   
&gt; - That is, this dyad doesn't dualize "at first sight"?   
&gt; - No, additionally dualization here can progress very slowly, by small steps. And even the most active and the most romantic stage of dualization (their "honeymoon") can take place only years after they first meet each other.    
   
&gt; For example, there was one charming dual pair. (He - SLI, Gabin (ISTJ) she - IEE, Huxley (ENFP)) They met at a party in the sauna, first came together as sexual partners, discussed experiences and came to the conclusion that they suit each other in this regard, exchanged phone numbers and agreed to continue the friendship. At first they met often, and then began to see less and on his own initiative. (Incidentally, at the time he was married.) After some time, and she also got a fiance (though her occasional meetings with dual were still going on). When it came time to make a decision, she met her dual for the "final" conversation "to say goodbye" before parting. Of course, the "farewell" did not happen, her dual would not let her "marry another", but on the contrary - he quickly divorced, and then built a relationship with her. Now it is a very friendly and successful in all respects couple.   
   
Besides matching the MBTI type, the enneagram and instinctual variant matches are also very important for the couple to get along. But here it gets tricky because searching for a dual + matching subtypes + matching enneagram types is like searching for a needle in a haystack. Thus most people, even if they figure out who their perfect match is, just go with their best currently available options. Once married play the game of the "always happy couple! together for xx years!" to persuade themselves and the public of their success. This is until their ideal love partner comes along, and suddenly they file for the divorce and break off their engagements despite the previously advertised family bliss, and will jump head first from a cliff if needed, figuratively speaking, for that one person.He has the [passionate communication style](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Communication_styles) of ExFx types, but he is considered to be the [prototype of ENFJ (EIE) in Socionics](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=EIE). Reading what he wrote I agree, very heavy Fe-Ni layering there.No tests can assess you same as another person. They are asking for the objective opinion of someone else on their type versus relying on self-report which [can be biased in many ways](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Self-report_study).   
    
I'd say a more wise decision is to ask the people who are closest to you in real life to type you rather than turning to strangers on the internet: your family members, significant others, ex-boyfriends and girlfriends, close friends, siblings and the like. They know you better and have seen you "from the outside" to squelch some of that self-reporting bias.You are probably the [Se subtype of ISFP](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes#Sensory_subtype_Se-ISFj_.28Se-ESI.29) which is why you have more problem staying home than a typical introvert (or maybe even an ESFP - my ESFP friend does complain that he turns grouchy and depressed if he has to stay home for too long). Many ISFPs are ok with staying home because they have hobbies that they can spend time working on, like writing music, drawing, editing videos, training their dog, planting plants, etc. whatever grabs their interest. Then of course there is the internet with its chats and online hangouts where you can socialize with people without having to go outside. So perhaps think of what you can do around the house? It's not like home is the most boring place - if you use your imagination you can find some interesting things to do while you're grounded.While you were taking the test, they sent little invisible enneagram gnomes to measure your pressure and pulse. That's why! : pThe INFP mistype is really the most common one on INFJ boards, but we also have some ISFJ, ISFP, and even ISTJ visitors and an occasional "cover-up" ENFJ who don't want anyone, even themselves, to know that they are ENFJ.but what if they change his type?!?!?!I was curious about his type and when doing some further investigation into it I had narrowed him down to ENTP 6w5 with the help of socionics and reinin dichotomies (they just have a much more accurate system of typing with many more back checks available than mbti). He is primarily using a Pe function in his lyrics (Ne/Se) - always searching and looking outside of himself, always pushing against the external environment into the unknown (the ENTP is correspondingly sometimes called "the Seeker" in socionics). There are also many elements of e6-e9 integration/disintegration lines in his lyrics portraying a kind of emotionally charged, tense, and saturated, oscillating between opposing stances existence (6 is the emotionally reactive type). And Ti "mathematically infused" lyrics. To sum it up, his songs are pretty an example of NeTi e6.ESTJs are often like that, and sometimes ENTJs. Just upfront, don't fool around, don't be coy, give me the info leading Te.What mindswing said, Ni isn't "aha!" moments, many people have them, and from that it looks like you need to study cognitive functions better, and also invest into reading Jung's Chapter 10. Figure out MBTI and cog. functions first, since it's easier, and only then look into socionics. Socionics is much more complex, but studying MBTI will provide you with some basic knowledge base for it.
   
Here are some useful resources to get started on:      
[Understanding MBTI](http://www.personalitypathways.com/article/type-dynamics.html)   
[Lenore Thomson's Descriptions of Cognitive Functions](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/134-Lenore-Thomson-MBTI-Functions)   
[MBTI: Descriptions of cognitive functions from various sources](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/213-MBTI-Descriptions-of-cognitive-functions-from-various-sources)   
As well as the Jung's original [Chapter 10 on Psychological types](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/68-Psychological-Types-by-Jung).    
    Jung's "Thinking" isn't actually thinking, since all of us are capable of having thoughts, and similarly his "Feeling" isn't actual feeling since every person has some kind of feelings, and likewise his "Intuition" isn't intuition in conventional sense. It's just that many of those who get into MBTI start translating those terms literally and start developing absurdist theoretical interpretation like "thinkers can't feel", forgetting that these words are simply placeholder terms for much more complex mental valuations that Jung was trying to describe in his Psychological Types - they are not the actual thing.   
   
Here's an alternative interpretation of F/T functions that I've read on a website long ago. There are basically two driving forces behind all of human social interactions: these are competition and cooperation. What separates T from F is that:   
- Tx functions are designed for competition - Ti/Te values are more impersonal and discordant - Ti/Te types are better equipped situations where there is a need to enter into conflict, argue, criticize, put up a "no b.s." attitude even if it upsets someone, overcome, supercede, organize people to do some work, demand something, etc.    
- Fx functions are designed for cooperation - their values are more personal and harmonious - so Fi/Fe types are perceptive and confident in situations when there is a need to compromise, sympathize, discharge conflict, harmonize relationships, cooperate with someone, reconcile or encourage others to reconciliation, etc.   
   
Every type has both T &amp; F functions, so each person is capable of both of course. But depending on where the T/F are in the functional stack, you'll be lopsided and will feel more comfortable and confident with either one side or the other.
&gt; In the moment my emotions were so powerful that I really believed I was abused. Feelings overwrote facts.   
   
Yeah, I've noticed this of some of the ENFJ guys that my female friends have dated (and luckily not me): their feelings are so central to their life and self-perception that they are hypersensitive and sometimes constantly feel like they are the ones being abused and dissed, meanwhile acting in shitty ways towards other people. This splitting is amazing. Like one of these guys would accuse his gf of cheating and verbally abuse her, calling her all kinds of ugly names on regular basis, then he'd go hang out with friends late, not come home, and turn off his cell phone for the night. Even so she was always the evil cheater who treated him unfairly and was insensitive to him, while he'd blank out his own behavior. It was so weird when she told these stories, good thing they broke up now.   
   [INFJs getting distracted from their reading/studies](http://i.imgur.com/tu7Fl.gif)   
[ISFJ duck](http://i.imgur.com/pOtMw.gif)   
[ESFJ](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lv3hglQyAu1r25lr0o1_500.gif)   
[ISFP doing the freedom Se dance](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/237/621/c8a.gif)   
[INFJ and the depths of Ni](http://i.imgur.com/U7gotzr.gif)According to Jung and Beebe functional model correlations, each type seeks a partner who is strong in both their tertiary and inferior function -- this kind of partner materializes their subconscious searching for their other half (notably this is not only romantic, but also exhibits in friendship, parenting, work relations).   
     
On the basis of this, there was a theory developed called /r/socionics where each type is matched to the type that has their weak functions as its own strong ones. For example:    
INFJ strong Ni,Fe weak Ti,Se    
Sought partner is ESTP/ISTP: strong Ti,Se weak Ni,Fe.   
   
How these intertype relationships progress is described here: [Making Duality Work](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Making_Duality_Work_by_Meged)This usually happens to types that have either strong Ne (called intuition of possibilities in socionics i.e. that thing that keeps suggesting you that there are more possible types for you out there) and/or types that have limited access to their core values (else it's very easy to figure out your valued functions).   

Spend some time reading [the subforums of different types](http://personalitycafe.com/keirsey-temperament-forums/), about a week on each subforum, skim their discussions, take a look at what problems they have, listen to their music, see their photographs and artwork. Eventually you'll find a couple of subforums which you can relate to more than others - these will be your type's or close to your type.MBTI types form very broad categories - considering that there are 7 bil people on this planet, MBTI groups you together with 430 million of others, which of course isn't any sort of "in-group" or "your people" - it's just a large grouping based on similar preference in cognitive functions that doesn't take into account many other preferences and values a person might have. To slim it down further, look into enneagram types and instinct stackings (+whichever other typologies exist). You'll find that it's actually quite rare to meet someone who has same MBTI type as you + same enneagram + same stacking + same NPA type + same subtypes in all of these typologies. So the sameness granted by MBTI type alone is actually very little. (And even if you find them chances are you won't like them because they will have all of the same weaknesses and strong points - too much of the same is boring.)
    
&gt;How do you know you are actually typed correctly versus subconsciously trying to fit in somewhere? How do you separate the culture that crops up around the label identification, from the true nature that actually differentiates the types?   
   
From what you're saying here it sounds like you have [valued social instinct in secondary position](http://personalitycafe.com/enneagram-personality-theory-forum/118168-resource-thread-instinctual-variants-stackings.html), thus you're searching for "your group" - but realize that many other people don't think the same way that you do. When social is the last instinct, for example, this dilemma you describe of orienting by "echo-chamber" opinions or looking for similar minded groups is simply a non-issue.&gt;Lately I've been coming across more and more discussion about how "Socionics has it right"--that if your first cognitive function is an introverted perceiving function, you are a Perceiver. While this makes sense to me on paper, in actual day-to-day life I feel like the traditional MBTI J/P dichotomy is way more applicable.   
   
This hugely depends on your subype. Which is why using the rational/irrational function dichotomy has always been the losing route to take for trying to settle your own or anyone else's type. A Te-INTJ (Te-ILI in Socionics) will relate more to being the Judger in MBTI and rational type in Socionics because their strongest and most vividly and consciously expressed function would be Te - a rational, judging function. A Ni-INTJ (Ni-ILI) on the other hand will relate more to the perceiving and irrational part of their type descriptions, as per their strengthened Ni.    
    
Thus, there's really no right or wrong answer in this debate and different people of the same type will relate to different parts of the j/p profiles depending on which function they have accentuated. Trying to settle this debate in favor of one side or the other is like pouring water into a hole-filled bucket - a completely pointless and potentially misleading to many people exercise. Subtypes will always have the final say.That's an IEI guy in Socionics -- which would be INFJ in MBTI. Auxiliary Fe on display + Ni ability to foresee the future. IEI's have minus-Ni and minus-Ti, which is why he's able to predict "negative potentialities" (-Ni) if he, or someone else, does something stupid (as is evaluated by the -Ti).Err, this is the first person I've typed as INFJ on this board. If someone is overtyping this place with INFJs, you got the wrong address.It depends on whether you type yourself by functions or by type profiles. Some people go by functional basis when typing themselves, considering that cog. functions form the fundamental basis of types. Socionics SLI is Si leading and Te creative, which functionally matches ISTJ's Si-Te but not ISTP's Ti-Se. If you start typing yourself by cognitive functions, then it seems off to be flipping between Si-Te-Fi-Ne and Ti-Se-Ni-Fe, inverting **all** of your functional preferences and functional ordering. Which is why some ISTPs (TiSe), usually the ones more progressed in functional theory, will type as LSI (TiSe).haha yeah, it feels like to get typed INFJ you need to buy 7 doors and go around slamming them in people's faces and act like you're fully entitled to it by the MBTIIntroverted intuition, when it's the dominant function of the type, forms kind of universal themes, patterns, and archetypes where every single new movement, action, event, conversation, or idea that you witness becomes interpreted in terms of those global themes or patterns. This gives a sense of continuity, stability, timelessness, "chillness" and calm, in that you don't really need to jump on every new happening and opportunity in your environment. In light of those large scale global patterns, many new initiatives seem too meaningless to get involved with, so there is always a sense of detachment and distance from with what's immediately happening around you. Fiona Apple does a great representation of what Ni feels like in every day life in her song ["Across the Universe"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ5WPXxNzPU). Another good example of Ni mixed with Ti is [VIBRASPHERE &amp; TICON: Dewdrops] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJ1gLDhMMBc).That test doesn't watch for dichotomies and ranks your functions in an arbitrary order. You'll need to [read up about the functions](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/213-MBTI-Descriptions-of-cognitive-functions-from-various-sources) to figure out your type. Tests are accurate for &lt;70% of people who take them, and no one can tell you your type by a single test result.They are kinda distinct. "Social justice warriorism" is a method of instilling some ideological views into society, and fascism is only one example of such an ideological view. The people attacking oil rigs on behalf of GreenPeace are SJWing it out, but they are not doing it to promote fascism; the "ideological filling" and the function of instilling it into a society are clearly distinct.    
    
In typology sense, this thought process is weak Ni. It looks like a single connection based on one personal experience without a more comprehensive treatment of the issue, which [is characteristic of 1-dimensional functions](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Dimensionality_of_functions) which for ESTP these are Ni and Fi.Maybe she is ENTJ? The ENTJ is the ["supervisor" type](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Supervision) of the INFJ, and this has that "she terrifies me" effect you mention. The connection is usually strained, nevertheless interesting for both.   
   
Some advice for relating to her: stick to conversation topics that match your overlapping functions (Ni/Se), which ensure similarity of views, and try not to focus too much on Fe/Fi issues because that will make you more distant. Talking about relationships with xNTJs is very difficult for INFJs and tends to seed misunderstanding between these types.It's recommended that introverts don't simply flip the last letter. Rather take some [socioncis tests](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion:Links#Socionic_Tests) and do some basic reading on [theory and type descriptions](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home#Theory). Because if you are wrongly typed in MBTI (which is easy because MBTI descriptions are so loose) you'll end up with a mistype in Socionics, and then nothing will ever make sense, the intertype relationships won't work, and you'll conclude that socionics is nonsense. That's why it's better to do some research first of simply switching letters in the four-letter code.   
   
To compare: Soconics is more theoretical and goes into types in more depth than MBTI. It's development was academic and intellectual, while MBTI development had an industrial and commercial purpose: "Briggs and Myers began creating the indicator during World War II[2] in the belief that a knowledge of personality preferences would help women who were entering the industrial workforce for the first time to identify the sort of war-time jobs that would be "most comfortable and effective" for them." In a way MBTI is a simplified popularized version of Jung's psychological types, while Socionics is the opposite - it's complex and specialized, originally created by a small circle of hobbyists and intellectuals, and even today not many people get into it due to how much time and effort it takes to study and master it. MBTI is good first step into jungian theory, but Socionics is the next step for people who want to get deeper into it.It's multi-factored really, besides the MBTI there are other typologies that can influence someone's ambition and desire to be admired and be in the center of attention.   
   
In socionics the kind of behavior you describe is usually attributed to type ESFp: 

[ESFp by Beskova](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Socionics_Type_Profiles_by_Beskova#SEE_.28Napoleon.29): "This is a sufficiently solid, conspicuous, attractive, self-controlled person with a resolute stare. He is active and energetic, and holds himself rather assuredly. Everyone, who has had the pleasure of conversing with NAPOLEON right away knows who is "the boss in the house". His entire appearance points out that he knows his worth. But if he is positively predisposed to you, he will endow you with his encouraging smile and make you laugh with circumstantially appropriate (but often frivolous) joke."   
   
[ESFp by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=SEE_Profile_by_Gulenko): "Confident, has aptitude for leadership. Enterprising, adventurous, and active, SEE strives to take practical actions within the sphere of communications. ...Gives a lot of attention to external appearance, marks of prestige. Talks on topics of culture, politics, and influence. Open to new impressions and experiences. SEE enjoys being the center of attention and evoking admiration in others. Presents himself as a promising person of great potential and with many open possibilities. Stresses his own personal originality and uniqueness. Easy gives out compliments, says that which he knows others would like to hear."   
    
But this could also apply to any other extraverted type. The ESFP is just the most obvious choice.
   
In enneagram, this is the assertive triad types 3, 7, 8. These types tend to behave in [ego-expansive ways](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/259-On-Enneagram-Triads).   
   
With instincts this kind of behavior is linked to the [Social instinct](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/133-Instinctual-Stackings). The Sx/So stacking in particular has a "partier" stereotype associated with it.   
   
In [NPA theory](http://www.npatheory.com/) these are types that are high on A (aggression) and N (narcissism) traits, so typically people of [NA](http://npatraits.homestead.com/natype.html) and [NPA](http://npatraits.homestead.com/npatype.html) types. NA: "He would synergistically combine the mottos, "I am the most glorious" and "I am the most powerful".  Thus, lacking the behavioral complex of perfectionism, his life is ruled by the unbridled ambition of the behavioral complexes of narcissism and aggression." Etc.Well ISTP and INTJ are in benefit relations according to socionics, it has been noticed (in socionics) that beneficiary and benefactor types often mistype and get mistyped as one another.    
    
The ISTP-&gt;INTJ mistype usually happens like this: The dominant function subtype of ISTP has accentuated (prominent) activating (tertiary) function - this is accentuated Ni for ISTPs. People who are new to MBTI theory usually expect the dominant function to be most prominent one, not realizing that it actually exists in the background, and that it's the auxiliary and tertiary functions that come into play in every day situations and conversations. So when they see ISTP's overt displays of their tertiary Ni, newbie typers figure it must be this person's dominant function, and then try to type them into INxJ types.   
    
As for INTJs typing as ISTPs, this happens more rarely, but both types are ['cold-blooded'](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Communication_styles#Cold-blooded_style:_IxTx_.28ILI.2C_SLI.2C_LII.2C_LSI.29) introverted logical types that don't have an easy access to Fi/Fe, while the logically objective bent of ISTP's Ti+Se can be misinterpreted as Te enough for an INTJ to start identifying with it. Some INTJs lead a lifestyle that is stereotypically associated with ISTPs and don't relate to their own type stereotypes. Additionally, both the ['supervisor'](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Supervision) and ['benefactor'](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Benefit) types for INTJs are Beta quadra types: ENFJ and ISTP. These are the types that the INTJs tend to admire and look up to. So there is temptation here to confuse the desired and the ideal for the real and type oneself into one of those types: to identify with the desired - and ISTP, of course, makes for a closer match to INTJ than the ENFJ. People do get pulled into their 'supervisor/benefactor' quadrant, sometimes to the extent of trying to type themselves into it.It was noticed in socionics that within a given type some people have accentuated base function, while others have an accent on their auxiliary (creative). On basis of this, the subtype descriptions were derived that explain some variation in expression of functions for people of the same type. This is the [two subtype descriptions for ISTPs (Ti+Se)](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=LSI_subtypes).   
    
Boosting one function has a cascade effect across the entire functional model, because functions are interconnected by Jung's dichotomies of N-S, T-F, and E-I, i.e. by exclusive relationships. For example, boosting introverted logic Ti in ISTP's functional model has the effect of cutting down Se, on basis of E-I dichotomy, and Fe, on basis of T-F and E-I dichotomies. Decreasing the potential of Se, in turn, has the effect of boosting Ni on basis of N-S dichotomy. Thus the Ti-ISTP has accents on Ti and Ni, while both Se and Fe end up being enervated in comparison to Se-ISTP. The reverse is true of Se-ISTP.   
   
In socionics this is known at the [Inert/Contact subtype theory](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Contact_and_Inert_Subtypes_by_Meged_and_Ovcharov), drawing from which + making personal observations of people some socionists - Meged &amp; Ovcharov, Gulenko - have compiled [this set of subtype descriptions](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/14-Socionics-Type-Subtype-Descriptions-by-V-Meged-A-Ovcharov-and-V-Gulenko) for each of 16 types.

In MBTI this is usually called ['loops'](http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html), like the Ni-Ti dominant-tertiary loop of INFJs. While MBTI doesn't go further to derive subtypes from these observations, this is basically what they are getting at. Socionics just took it a step further and formulated a theory of subtypes.He's INFJ 4w5 so-first - and this is why you're not getting any Fi from him. The INFx confusions seem to be very common and widespread.People of identical types usually slightly repel each other. Even if initially you're interested in them, over time too much similarity leads to boredom in friendship and a sense of determinism: you think the same way, you complain about the same things, you can't really help each other or solve each other's problems. In socionics this is known as ["relations of identity"](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Identical) and according to their studies ["identical" marriages are extremely rare](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Socionics_Type_and_Intertype_Relations_Statistics_by_Filatova#Table_9._Distribution_of_families_by_intertype_relations.) in comparison to other possible type matches - the rarest of them all in fact (which is why I'm skeptical of the multitudes of the "I'm an INFJ dating another INFJ!!" threads that get posted on Personality Cafe and some other typology forums).I don't think anybody really fits, though most of us feel pressure to do so, I guess due to the ancient instinct of in-group cohesion. Society is also a very malleable and diverse construct that varies by locales - you may feel like you don't fit in where you currently live, then move to another city or country and find out that you fit much better with the society there. There are societies that don't particularly encourage to be bubbly, talkative, and outgoing extraverts--the eastern european cultures seem to have a preference for deeply feeling and thinking introverted type of a person, which goes along with being an IxFx--but if you live in United States  you're expected to be something like ESxJ with [social as your first instinct](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/133-Instinctual-Stackings).That actually sounds like inferior Si worries. I remember reading a story about an ENTP girl who got really stressed out when her usual seat would be taken. Inferior functions demand a lot of energy to resolve and take care of them, so people often avoid situations where their inferior gets 'tampered with' because that's going to knock you out of your optimal mindset. Normally ENTPs don't follow routines, but to protect your inferior sensing you kind of have to once in a while, as your inferior Si will periodically hijack your Ne and make you behave in a strange to your usual style manner. Since the weak functions of xNxPs are those of SJ types (Si + either Fe or Te) there is a 'little SJ child' living in the subconscious of every intuitive perceiver xNxP, that once in a while lets you know about itself and its needs.   
   
This might be of interest to read: [Form of Inferior Function](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/135-MBTI-Form-of-the-Inferior-Functions).    
    
Btw this is why socionics recommends NP types to befriend and marry SJ types because they are the only ones who can make you feel more at ease and less anxious about your Si and competently take care of it, Si being their strong natural function.In socionics he's typed either as ESTp or ENFj--beta quadra extravert, and there's considerable consensus on Personality Cafe about David Bowie being [3w4 in enneagram](http://personalitycafe.com/enneagram-personality-theory-forum/864393-david-bowies-type.html) with fewer people thinking he was a 4w3.   
    
Mercury is typed into Beta also, either xSTP or ENFJ.He developed some mental disorder, and one day his channel was erased. A few of his older typology videos were reposed on YouTube in mirror channels by people who found their content to be valuable. He was showing some signs of schizophrenia-like disorder - claiming that god was talking to him, and he hated how people are these mindless controlled robots, speaking with a lot of arrogance, aggression, and proselytizing. There was a temporary reprieve where he went back to his old self and said he is just having some issues and that god isn't really speaking to him, but later he slipped right back into that crazy god-talk angry state and erased his channel. If you follow the progression of his videos, his earlier typology videos seem very light-hearted while the older ones are infused with a lot of anger. He also said that he was having some problems in his family, like his dad disowned him b/c he quit the military or sth of the kind, which has probably contributed to his downward spiral and mental unhingement over the last years.&gt; ... helicopters,politics, philosophy,science, business, chainsaw   
   
helicopters with chainsaws attached to them xD why hasn't anyone thought of this before lol   
   
What kind of "interesting stuff" are you trying to find? If you mean specialty topics of interest, Reddit has many subreddits so if someone wan't to talk about some specialized interest they wouldn't post in MBTI sub but go to another subreddit, specialized forum, or facebook group to talk about it where the chances are higher that they'll get quality informed replies. MBTI was never meant to be all-inclusive as a topic.yes! this just made my day xDThis sometimes happens to strong irrational subtypes of irrational types. Since irrational (non-judgement) functions are emphasized, these people usually feel like making a judgement puts too much pressure on them, and don't bother with it, and because they don't practice arguing and honing their opinions over time this leads them to not really have a set of well-developed opinions on most topics. They prefer to go with the flow and keep the atmosphere harmonious. Accented irrational functions lead to a pervasive sense of neutrality, like neither one option perceived is better than another, while you kind of need to judge and structure to develop an argument. Some enneagram and instinct types also contribute to this, like 9s may suppress their opinions deeming them not important (type 6, 2 &amp; 9 have been associated with [Dependent personality disorder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependent_personality_disorder)); so/sx and so/sp may put off individual reasons for the sake of adapting and blending in with other people.ISFJ maybe, with some potential of ESxJ. It sounds like she has valued Si.Two subtype descriptions from Wikisocion: [INFP (Fi-Ne) subtypes](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=EII_subtypes).    
And some celebrity typings from their gallery: [Fi-sub](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/socionics-fi-infj-fi-eii/) vs. [Ne-sub](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/socionics-ne-infj-ne-eii/).
   
You can also subtype any jungian type using Enneagram and instinctual variants, however, there is no one comprehensive source of such profiles besides a number of posts scattered across typology forums.They are hypothetical accentuations of different cognitive functions of a type that presumably result in differences of how people experience and express same type - [subtypes](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Subtypes). In socionics the two subtype system is the common one where one subtype, called "inert", has accent on dominant leading function at the expense of the auxiliary creative one, and the other subtype, called "contact", has accent on the creative function at expense of leading one. &gt; "For someone who is so extroverted"   
    
The actors in these interviews usually comment about each other's **social extroversion**, and not extroversion in MBTI sense. **Social extroversion does not equate to extroversion in MBTI types**. This is how you can have outgoing and seemingly extroverted MBTI introverts and people who type as MBTI extroverts who prefer solitude instead.    
Moreover, these qualities change other time and depending on the situation, and she could have worked with him in the months when he was particularly outgoing and witness that phase of his life. So these interviews aren't particularly reliable, and in parts even misleading, for finding someone's MBTI type.In socionics the types that correspond for ISTP, INFP, ENFJ, and ESTJ are considered to be the most reliant on verbal and auditory input, and needing to discuss and explore the subject in spoken words, preferably together and in much more detail.    
   
Types INFJ and ESTP in comparison probably need more visual and kinesthetic/spacial stimulation and less of verbal stuff (there's so much temptation to space out or get distracted when someone is talking for too long!)   
    
Types ISTJ and ENFP are supposedly significantly influenced by the cultural examples of exceptional and model standards (e.g. "an impressive and innovative filmmaker said so and so").    
    
Of course each type learns best from a compatible type. For example I thought the lectures of INTP professor were crystal clear due to our shared Ti, but the lectures of INTJ professor whose class I took next quarter made me feel disengaged, and struggling to learn and keep attention, since I can't learn from INTJ's Extroverted Logic that well.I did a quick search and immediately found an interview where Brody attests to being fairly introverted himself:   
   
"I’m relatively introverted, and I’ll stay by myself; but they’ll misinterpret what that is."    
-- Adrien Brody     
    
You'd think he knows himself better than anyone external to his life. That's the problem with cherry-picking interviews to pull somebody into a desired type - they go ahead and say something of the opposite shattering any such arguments.Enneagram gut triad? Not everyone can get by simply on intuition and gut feelings. Some need to carefully reason things out. For others it's a matter of identity. It could be your type influencing how you type.INFJ: humanistic philosophers and psychologists like William James, Edmund Husserl, Herman Hesse, Aldous Huxley, Friedrich Nietzsche, famous social activists like Martin Luther King Jr., and australian computer programmer Julian Assange, and finally the explorer of human subconscious Carl Jung who started this whole typology thing that we're engaging in here.E   
N   
F   
Jjjjj    WHy introvert intuitive even? WHy can't he be ISFJ or ISTJ or ENTP? Why why why? There are too many questions.There are functions loops [for every function and every type](http://personalitycafe.com/articles/25205-dominant-tertiary-loops-common-personality-disorders.html). What causes them is a combination of 1) far-end subtypes that make a person consistently overuse one set of functions over and the expense of the other and 2) absence of input from other people in their social circle who could dismantle/break through their loop. 
    
How this works on example of type INFP: There are two subtypes of  the INFP type - [descriptions of subtypes](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=EII_subtypes). The Fi-INFPs also have emphasized Si info processing, while the Ne subtype has emphasized Te channel. Subtyping happens on a spectrum, and while some people are more or less balanced and close to the center there are others who fall on the far end of the spectrum. In the later case, the person is going to over-use their emphasized functions at the expense of the other set. So for Fi-INFP this means excessive emphasis on Fi and Si in how they relate to the world around them: excessive internal emotional sensitivity, excessive focus on enforcement of their own values, picture-perfect Fi world, and sensitive attention to their own sensory sensations; the Ne-INFP meanwhile flips through multiple interests and multiple people in terms of friendships and relationships, may be scattered, easily feels bored, in addition to resorting to INTJ-like biting sarcasm due to emphasized Te.     
    
The loops in themselves aren't 'diseases' or mental sicknesses as they are commonly presented in MBTI. However, if a person isn't exposed to enough information from their environment that can counter-balance their particular functional loop, the loop accumulates over the years and leads to a 'hardened' lopsided picture of the world, and hence inadequate unbalanced reactions that may look strange to other people.  Yeah IxFJs and ExTJs don't get along too well. My type is INFJ but my experience closely mirrors Twenty's. Before I knew anything about typology I used to avoid ExTJ bosses and turn down their offers during job searching process because of this suppressive authoritarian-like vibe they gave me, and preferred working for Ti people instead like ENTPs. Now I realize I was instinctively protecting my Te PoLR from them. If I accepted their offers I'm sure we would have worked something out, it wouldn't have been terrible, but the initial impression was alarming and I trusted my instincts.Inert subtypes, as the name indicates they are more spacey and inert: [Subtypes - Inert and Contact](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Contact_and_Inert_Subtypes_by_Meged_and_Ovcharov).   
   
*Their variability is large, but two main trends in differences between representative of same type can be noticed. Some seem more active, initiative-taking, and confident in themselves (representatives of active temperaments - sanguine and choleric), while others seem more inert, passive, and indecisive (representatives of passive temperaments - melancholic and phlegmatic).*Try [studying Socionics](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home). It's very similar to MBTI but has more typing criteria and aids that make it easier to type people not only quicker but, most importantly, accurately. For example they have [photo collection of different types](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Photographs_of_Types_by_Filatova), that you can use to place photos of someone you know next to the pictures and identify 2-3 types they look like (and several types they have no similarity with that can be crossed from he list of possibilities).I second the darting around electric look that INFPs often have. The more Ne the INFP has - the more their eyes playfully bounce from their surroundings as they might slyly smile. This is most pronounced in the [intuitive subtype of INFP](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=EII_subtypes#Intuitive_subtype_Ne-INFj_.28Ne-EII.29).      
   
This is a description of Ne eyes that was posted on one of the typology forums: ""My Ne friends have very "alive eyes", constantly glancing around as if they are never fully certain of their surroundings, jumping from item to item, sliding over many things in a short period of time. Their gaze is at times soft, withdrawing and kind of sheepish, other times it lights up and glitters with enthusiasm. Some base Ne users have this enthusiastic, inquisitive glimmer in their eyes at all times. Ni eyes in comparison seem to be looking into nothing, withdrawn, filled with apathy and ennui, and at other times they become intensely focused on something with piercing laser-like focus in a way the Ne users find unsettling."   
   
Random interesting links:    
[Ni look](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/34740-Visual-Identification-Ni-amp-quot-The-Dreamy-Look-quot) vs. [Ne look](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/47959-Visual-Identification-Ne-amp-Si-Looks).    
[IEI Ni+Fe photos](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Photographs_of_Types_by_Filatova#IEI_.2F_INFp) vs. [EII Fi+Ne photos](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Photographs_of_Types_by_Filatova#EII_.2F_INFj)   
[Fi-EII](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/socionics-fi-infj-fi-eii/) and [Ne-EII](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/socionics-ne-infj-ne-eii/) vs. [Fe-IEI](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/socionics-fe-infp-fe-iei/) and [Ni-IEI](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/socionics-ni-infp-ni-iei/)   Fe user here. I've felt like this about overly friendly people on many occasions. Don't see what if anything this has to do with Fe if Fe experience is the same one. This is a human thing to feel that way, not an issue of cognitive functions.Wikisocion is a good place to start learning about Socionics.    
This is their article on [Model A](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Model_A) and their [socionics type descriptions](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home#Socionics_Types).MBTI INFP and Socionics INFj (EII) are the same types.    
Take a look at their valued functions:   
[INFP](http://typelogic.com/infp.html): **Fi-Ne-Si-Te**    
[INFj](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_IEI_composite): **Fi-Ne-Si-Te**      
They have exactly same cognitive perspectives.      
   
Only thing that's different is last letter, but this is because MBTI and Socionics use different dichotomies to define it. J in MBTI =/= j in Socionics. This has been explained thoroughly [on Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Type_names#Four-Letter_Type_Codes).&gt; Socionics has my functional stack as: FI, NE, TI, SE MBTI has: FI, NE, SI, TE   
    
Socionics lists functions differently than MBTI.    
They list:    
1) two VALUED functions (Fi,Ne)    
2) then two UNVALUED functions (Ti,Se)    
3) then two VALUED ones (Si,Te)    
4) then the remaining UNVALUED ones (Fe,Ni)    
If you combine the valued functions, it's exactly same as MBTI's INFP: Fi, Ne, Si, Te. MBTI simply lists them straight up, while Socionics goes by model A and if you look at [model A](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Model_A#Structure_of_Model_A) functions #3 and #4 are UNVALUED by the type.   
    
Sociotype.com should have made a note about this when they were listing the stacks. They confuse many socionics beginners and don't provide any explanatory links or further discussion.Try reading Socionics [ESTP profiles](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=SLE) and [ENTP profiles](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=ILE), as well as [ESTP, a look from the inside](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=SLE_observations#SLE_.28ESTp.29_A_Look_From_The_Inside) and see which descriptions are relatable for you.&gt;But for any socionics peeps out there can you explain WHY the shadow functions are ordered this way?   
   
These two "shadow" functions turn out to be part of the [conscious mental block](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Model_A#Structure_of_Model_A) together with the ego functions. The other four functions are considered to be unconscious (though hidden agenda is somewhat semi-conscious). They decided to group the functions this way.   
    
There is also [this diagram](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Model_A#Workings_of_Model_A) that is showing hypothetical information transfer between the functions and it looks like the ego block and superego block are connected together.They were written from observations of a very ethnically and culturally homogeneous population, so I'd skip those bits. Certainly if someone is from Africa or China, very different culture and ethnicity, many of those things won't apply, since those descriptions were based of a small EU population. At the time they didn't think this thing is going to get global haha! yet it did.  
   
People who get deep into typology do begin to recognize certain similarities in appearance and behavior of types. Needless to say, it's specific to their locale and local population. There have been efforts in compiling [visual identification composites](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/?eq=socionix&amp;etslf=3370) that work for the caucasian population at least.    
     
Feels like introversion and "inferior Fe" making ISTP very likely!    
Here is a socionics account of an [ESTp a look from the inside](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=SLE_observations#SLE_.28ESTp.29_A_Look_From_The_Inside), see if you can relate to any of this. If not you're probably ISTP or even some other MBTI type.Superficially the ENTP has more similarity with the ENTJ, but digging deeper there's more similarity with the ISFJ.    
    
ENTP and ENTJ don't share any cognitive functions in common. So that surface similarity is based on both of these being extraverted logical types with ["business-like" communication style](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Communication_styles#Business-inclined_style:_ExTx_.28LSE.2C_LIE.2C_SLE.2C_ILE.29) and weak feeling and sensing functions. In socionics types like these are called "quasi-identicals" due to their deceptive similarity.   
    
But if you look into deeper set of preferences and values, then the ENTP has more in common with the ISFJ. They have all of the functions in common and will understand better where the other is coming from. This is a case of superficial dissimilarity but inner similarity, while with ENTJ it is the reverse.You need to practice typing other people. This takes ~1.5-3 years to master, but no short way around it if you want to learn to distinguish them. Easiest way is to date or marry your conflictor (this is what I've done). Then you'll know how to identify them a mile away XD   
   
Read their profiles carefully and in full detail.   
Watch videos of different types - [examples of types in video](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/177-Socionics-Type-Examples-with-Videos).   
Study Reinin dichotomies.   
Study visual identications (aka distance typing) - https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/?eq=socionix&amp;etslf=NaN

&gt; Edit: For further clarification, I find it hard to picture an INFJ - ESTP relationship where the two would have anything to offer each other. INFJ's and ESTJ's hating each other makes perfect sense ...   
   
Dunno, there are many happily married INFJ-ESxP couples posting on Facebook. Here are photos of some INFJ-ESTP couples: http://i.imgur.com/pdoaomw.jpg &amp; http://i.imgur.com/8sDmf2X.jpg7 data points might not be sufficent, but every ENTJ who has voted in this poll so far has converted to socionics as LIE -- http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/poll-8082-a.html   
   
Sometimes the intuitive Ni-subtypes might consider types like ILI, while the Te-subtype might type as SEE or SLE.You need beta though for hard-lined and tough-fisted social organization, which is needed in any time of crisis. In case the human induced rapid climate change is true, and that will be a major upheaval, we're going to need a lot of strong leadership over the next 50-100 years. Individuals don't get respected nor prosper much in societies and civilization that are getting wiped out.The few INFPs who have married their duals ESTJs seem to have settled in with them very comfortably. It's very rare that you see on any MBTI board an INFP posting cries of help about his/her ESTJ dual.http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=QuadraIt also boils down to how surface-level or deep you want to go with your relationships. On the surface level--going out to get some coffee, sharing notes from school, discussing how your day has went and the weather--making small talk basically--you can get along with anybody of any type. Socionics is *not* intended for these casual friendships and relationships. Socionics is specifically tailored to long-term, intensive, supportive relationships where shit can go seriously wrong and you'll need extensive and real support. Marriage, especially if you plan on having kids, is one type of such a relationship, but there are also other types like going on expedition together (e.g. [Lewis and Clark, ESI &amp; LIE duals](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/35776-Gamma-Examples?p=1163562&amp;viewfull=1#post1163562)) or co-existing on a space station, for example. This difference in the levels of the depth of relationships, the extent of support and involvement together, is what many people fail to take into account when they say "I can get along with anybody. Socionics must be wrong." Of course you can talk with and relate to your confictor, but try going deeper with them and some serious differences will start to surface.&gt; maybe we could put some in cold storage in case of apocalypse :)   
      
That's such an INTJ response XD XD

&gt; there's also the irony of trump speeding us towards the scenario in question   
   
He concerns with financial type of crises that are more of an immediate risk to US.ESFJ and INTP are predicted to be ["dual"](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Duality) types in Socionics i.e. ideal, most completing matches for each other. It's typical for them to experience mutual fascination.Equating people to their types and then treating them as this gray homogeneous mass that is supposed to live up to a narrow set of sometimes rather inaccurate and even dumb stereotypes - is pretty high on the list.Are you really sure that you want to understand it?I've actually registered on Facebook for typology discussions but with a spoof account that doesn't include my personal info. There is a subreddit called /r/Socionics but it's not very active and getting anyone to reply is like pulling teeth. The Facebook groups have been much more lively.Try reading socionics profiles for types [posted on Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home#Socionics_Types). They have a more precise way of determining type, like you have to match a bunch of small groupings and dichotomies and thinking style to be a certain type. It's not as vague trait-based as MBTI (eg some types are smart or emotional, etc.). This might help you to pin it down.I've known ENFP and ISFP males like that. The ENFP kept juggling around multiple girls, always wanting to find that One, but none of the girls were ever good enough and he'd get depressed about it. The ISFP guy thought it was all around looks and appearance and kept going to the gym and being a stuck-up arrogant douchebag so girls would shut him down but he'd overcompensate with steroids and staring at male models, wishing to be more like them.  
   
If anything their behavior had to do more with enneagram than their MBTI types.   
  
Edit: just remembered there was also an INTJ gym monkey who also kept searching for his ideal girl among multiple women who never lived up to 'her'.
   ENTP sounds more like it. Try reading these profiles: [ENTP](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=ILE) vs [ENTJ](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=LIE).Obama's biggest characteristic is that he is Fe-ignoring upright uptight Linear-Stable temperament: Fi-ESI. Here is a video of him supervising Trump: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Htt91G2qDwM. Fe types are never that harsh and snarky to their duals. Any Fe typings of his are complete bullshit, saying this as someone who actually values Ni and Fe as main cognitive functions.You might want to look into John Beebe's publications that explain the workings of shadow functions in terms of archetypes ([8 function model](http://www.erictb.info/archetypes.html)), as well as [Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Model_A#Structure_of_Model_A) - functions number 3,4,7,8 are the 'shadow' ones.The Benefactor sends a "social order" or "request" to the Beneficiary, which was mentioned in [Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Request). In order to receive and fulfill that request, the Beneficary has to listen to the Benefactor.  .... If you're asking for the underlying mechanics of it, this has never been described anywhere, that is to say nobody has ever explained in a satisfactory manner why beneficiary and supervisee look up to benefactor and supervisor, respectively, why do these interactions of functions produce these specific kinds of effects.Filatova's book is a decent place to start. Her own type is EII so her book is more palatable for people who value Fi. She has a bit of a pro-Delta bias going.  
   
[Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php) is a great source on socionics that strives to be all-comprehensive.   
   
For discussion - [the16types.info](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php) has the most active and extensive socionics discussions going on - there are also [PerC](http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/) and [Typoc](http://www.typologycentral.com/forums/forum90/) - as well as a [facebook group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1546362349012193/) dedicated to it.Such a test has [already been made](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/39926-Sociotypograph-determine-your-type-by-selecting-3-4-Reinin-traits). However, I've seen plenty of people mistype themselves using these dichotomies for various reasons, a few of them being:   
- confusion with other typologies and non-related behavior e.g. asking questions about socionics landed people thinking that they are socionics "Asking" types   
- lack of self-awareness, being mistaken about their long-term personal habits and attitudes   
- misunderstanding and misapplying the descriptions    
- being misled by them because the some parts of these dichotomies don't seem to fit the reality of people that well
    
So while these dichotomies are helpful towards finding one's type, it is still very much possible to mistype yourself or others if you use them as a guide. They are not a foolproof method of typing, but they should strengthen one's type if one got it right.Reinin dichotomies are usually not recommended for beginners for the reason that it's too much information to absorb and observe at the same time, and it's also 2nd-tier, intermediate level material (they are a derivative of information elements). Easy to get confused there if the person doesn't know their IE basics. I'd say the very first step is still learning about information elements and trying to figure out how those work in one's own perception and the functions. Worked like a charm for me back in the day, while Reinins took much longer to learn and 'comb' through.These are pretty good:   
+ [MBTI: Descriptions of cognitive functions from various sources](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/213-MBTI-Descriptions-of-cognitive-functions-from-various-sources)   
+ [MBTI: Lenore Thomson's Descriptions of Cognitive Functions](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/134-Lenore-Thomson-MBTI-Functions)  
+ [Personality Pathways: MBTI Basics Theory](http://www.personalitypathways.com/article/type-dynamics.html)   
+ [TypeLogic MBTI Type Descriptions](http://typelogic.com/)   
+ [Carl Jung's description of cognitive functions - the origins](http://psychclassics.yorku.ca/Jung/types.htm)INTP has -Ti according to socionics i.e. logical function with a minus sign that makes the INTP try to avoid being stupid, getting involved in anything stupid, and making stupid decisions in any shape or form. Their logic is basically rooted in the negative foundation, from where it strives to move into the positive, but the main strategy is still avoidance. This also seems to give many INTPs lowered self-esteem and a kind of cautiousness. Since this is their dominant function coupled with intuition they try to think ahead to avoid any problems, while their butts will remain perfectly still on their chairs.    
    
ESTPs have logic with a plus sign +Ti and it's also auxiliary rather than dominant function. So instead of avoiding general all-pervasive stupidity the ESTPs try to capitalize on on their situational advantages, on logically advantageous situations for them and on arguments that will give them leverage. Since Ti is still subjective logic they will sometimes twist and change the argument or the question posed to them to present themselves in positive light. (One can hear this happening in Donald Trump's speech quite a bit.) Since Ti is only auxiliary here and Se is dominant, the ESTP is not against trying to wing it and figure something out on the fly, without any special preparation. What matters here is being in the middle of experience, in the 'command center' of the situation, at the very forefront of the flow of reality. Sometimes this leads ESTPs into situations that have very unfortunate circumstances; a common trend being abusing their bodies and ruining their own health.       
    
As for pms I can only pm you my naked penis at the moment. To make up for this, I can convert it to gif so it would wriggle back and forth on your screen.She wrote in Russian (passed away two years ago). [Her book](https://www.amazon.com/Understanding-People-Around-You-Introduction/dp/0967990769) and some of [her articles](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Ekaterina_Filatova) are a translation to English.don't get into socionics then, it gives so much more insight way beyond mbti that you start wondering why you got stuck on mbti for so long, you'll only get even more obsessed lol"Shadow" functions don't get used per se. They are like negative filters that ignore, reject, or make fun of information that contradicts your main functions. The ridiculing part is especially true for the ones that are the opposite to your auxiliary and inferior.If you look at [who is working at the development of socionics](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Category:Socionists), it's mostly Alpha and Delta quadra, so Ne-Ti or Ne-Fi. Beta socionists are almost non-existent (these are Se-Ti and Fe-Ni types) and there are a few Gamma researchers but also not as many. So socionics is pretty much a Ne-Ti/Fi endeavor.   
    
Since its founder Ausha Agusta is ENTP (ILE), it's probably heavier on Ti, but at the same time she was moved to its creation by what she has read of Antoni Kepinski's work on information metabolism and his type is EII (Fi-Ne), so socionics is essentially integration of information from Delta quadra (EII) passed on to Alpha quadra (ILE) via supervision relations (EII-&gt;ILE).Wouldn't say so. It's the Ni and Si functions that have some attachment to the past that they project onto the future. So it would be accurate to say that half of each quadra is attrached to the past - and the other half is oriented at the future, and that's part of how they balance and 'dualize' each toher. For Alpha this would be SFJ (past) and NTP (future); for beta - NFJ (past) and STP (future); for gamma - NTJ (past) and SFP (future); for delta - STJ (past) and NFP (future). Reason why SJs are described as settled in tradition in MBTI.I'm not seeing the connection. Half the people on this globe are dominant function subtypes and you can't really say that half the population is "immature". If you read socionics material carefully, it's the super-ego and super-id blocks that are called "teenage" and "childlike" in that when a person acts out from this block they start to closely resemble a teenager or a child. According to [transactional analysis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transactional_analysis#Outline) people are able to switch between parent, adult, and child modes all the time and in any situation, nobody is stuck only in one mode.

&gt; In some literature this block [Superego] is referred to as the "teenager" block - from this block the person tries to show to others: "I'm just like you. I am one of your own." - which is reminiscent of socialization style of people in their teenage years, when a person tries to show their belonging to a particular peer group. It is also believed that this block fully forms during adolescent years (12-18). - [Model A](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Model_A)Nobody ever uses only one function. A function may become accentuated for some period of time, but this doesn't exclude other functions. If you want to read more about development of functions over time see: [MBTI: Individuation and Differentiation of Functions](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/234-MBTI-Individuation-and-Differentiation-of-Functions).I've typed as a 5w6 for the longest time, until realizing that this wasn't my type. I would encourage you to study the enneagram more closely, since the shallow one-paragraph descriptions that are copiously available online tend to mislead people and lead them away from their actual types. Types 5 and 4 in particular have pleasant stereotypes to associate with, which encourages people to type as such.   
    
Here are some in-depth descriptions of the neuroses and patterns of behavior that each type exhibits. If you cannot recognize yourself in type 5 description, if it doesn't strike a chord with you and make you feel like you closely relate, then it is likely that this isn't your innate enneagram type:     
[Type 1](http://personalitycafe.com/type-1-forum-reformer/132977-naaranjos-character-neurosis-anger-perfectionism.html#post3360079)   
[Type 2](http://personalitycafe.com/type-2-forum-helper/156819-naranjo-pride-histrionic-personality-enneatype-ii.html#post3997170)   
[Type 3](http://personalitycafe.com/type-3-forum-achiever/149281-naranjos-character-neurosis-vanity-inauthenticity-marketing-orientation.html#post3796827)   
[Type 4](http://personalitycafe.com/type-4-forum-individualist/148114-naranjos-character-neurosis-ennea-type-4-a.html#post3765512)    
[Type 5](http://personalitycafe.com/type-5-forum-investigator/134932-naranjos-character-neurosis-ennea-type-v.html#post3410494)   
[Type 6](http://personalitycafe.com/type-6-forum-loyalist/149404-naranjos-character-neurosis-cowardice-paranoid-character-accusation.html#post3800143)   
[Type 7](http://personalitycafe.com/type-7-forum-enthusiast/140988-naranjos-character-neurosis-gluttony-fraudulence-narcissistic-personality.html#post3572370)  
[Type 8](http://personalitycafe.com/type-8-forum-challenger/134294-naranjos-character-neurosis-type-8-chapter.html#post3394122)   
[Type 9](http://personalitycafe.com/type-9-forum-peacemaker/134925-naranjos-character-neurosis-ennea-type-ix.html#post3410357)   
Ni gathers internalized experiences, generalizes them, and then projects them into the future. It's essentially a past based function.read up, many people have already told you that Ni has attachment to past, as do INFJs and INTJsdamn you're rude, those are people's life experiences and you just called them a lieur a lieI've seen ISFJs and ISFPs typing as ENTPs, never the other way around. Which of these socionics profiles can you relate to? They sound pretty different: [ISFJ](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEI_by_Stratiyevskaya) vs. [ENTP](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_by_Stratiyevskaya), [ISFJ](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEI_Profile_by_Gulenko) vs. [ENTP](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) part 2.so is your mom for giving birth to you lolThe "dual" type of ENTP is actually ISFJ ([duality descriptions](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Duality_observations#Alpha_Duality_Relations:_ISFp_.2B_ENTp_.3B_INTj_.2B_ESFj)). INFJ is close, but is still missing something and you're right Ni/Ne and absence of strong sensing between the two is grating but not that much. I've been in a relationship with an ENTP, and had two ENTP bosses, plus a relative. "Mirage" describes these relationships accurately. It's said to be the ideal match because people who write MBTI material know nothing (and often don't want to know anything) about Socionics. Socionics and MBTI research into intertype relationships is being done completely separately, and Socionics is right on the dime while MBTI is lost in the woods on this topic, thus many MBTI articles about intertype relationships are misleading.   
    
Most people who learn socionics also discover that compatible single duals are hard to come by, and there are other relationship types that are quite decent. "Mirage" is one of them. It is often ranked among the top 5 recommended relationship types along with "Duality", "Semi-duality", and "Activity", and tends to be better for irrational types (Ips and Eps).Irrational "mirages" involve one person who is Feeling type and the other person is Thinking type, which makes a relationship run smoother. In rational "mirages" either both are logical (eg LSI-LIE aka ISTP-ENTJ) or both are feeling. That's why "mirage" is more common among irrationals and "semi-duality" is more common among rationals.[Functions](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Functions) and [Model A](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Model_A).   
    
You can also find socionics material and hobbyists at /r/Socionics and /r/JungianTypology.It's not really a contradiction - the traits of Fi-dominant INFP and type 1 overlap at multiple points. If you post on /r/Enneagram asking for INFP 1s to repond you will find quite a few.Most reliable test is to study the cognitive functions of MBTI types followed by introspection to see which ones you can relate to (or notice in other people if you're trying to type others). Some helpful links:   
    
[Lenore Thomson's Descriptions of MBTI Cognitive Functions](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/134-Lenore-Thomson-MBTI-Functions)    
[MBTI: Descriptions of cognitive functions from various sources](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/213-MBTI-Descriptions-of-cognitive-functions-from-various-sources)     
[Carl Jung: Phychological Types](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types)    
[Type conversion polls](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/49750-MBTI-and-Socionics-Type-Conversion-Polls) show that the majority of people convert with the same cognitive functions, and since socionics j/p doesn't measure the same thing MBTI J/P does this has the effect of flipping the j/p for introverted types.    
     
So for extraverts conversions demonstrate to be very straightforward: ENTP=&gt;ENTp, ENFP=&gt;ENFp, ENTJ=&gt;ENTj and so on. [This poll](http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/296746-mbti-enxx-types-what-your-mbti-socionics-type.html) shows that 95+% of extraverts have converted in this manner.   
   
For introverts things get a little less certain, but the majority 60-70% will convert with same cognitive functions and flip the last j/p letter: INFP=&gt;INFj, INTP=&gt;INTj, INFJ=&gt;INFp, etc. as [this poll](http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/181279-poll-mbti-inxx-types-what-your-mbti-socionics-type.html) demonstrates.    
     
One major cause for this rift is that some people seem to abide by cognitive functions when typing themselves. They believe it's nonsense to type yourself as both Ni and Fi dominant or Si and Ti dominant at the same time. Other people disregard the functions and type themselves by reading profiles and picking out the traits that they associate with, which in my personal opinion is the wrong way to go about it, since it is functions and not profiles that are the basis of type, and profiles are only a derivative.      
     
General advice is to not convert, but rather study the typology by itself and then decide on your type. A major problem with conversion is that some people get a wrong MBTI type, then, if they try to simply convert their MBTI type into Socionics without doing any reading, they end up replicating their mistake and covert to the wrong Socionics type and then nothing works for them, their intertype relationships are screwed up, the dichotomies don't match, and they conclude that Socionics is total crap based on that initial mistake that they have made. Much more foolproof method is to spend a couple of months reading the [socionics material and articles from Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home) and then arriving at your type conclusion.   
   
By cognitive functions the type conversions are as follows:   
    
ENTP =&gt; ENTp (ILE); ENFP =&gt; ENFp (IEE)   
ESTP =&gt; ESTp (SLE); ESFP =&gt; ESFp (SEE)     
ENTJ =&gt; ENTj (LIE); ENFJ =&gt; ENFj (EIE)   
ESTJ =&gt; ESTj (LSE); ESFJ =&gt; ESFj (ESE)    
INTP =&gt; INTj (LII); INFP =&gt; INFj (EII)    
ISTP =&gt; ISTj (LSI); ISFP =&gt; ISFj (ESI)  
INTJ =&gt; INTp (ILI); INFJ =&gt; INFp (IEI)   
ISTJ =&gt; ISTp (SLI); ISFJ =&gt; ISFp (SEI)   


Taken from [Socionics Type Names](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Type_names).It's not possible since INFj and ENFp have [completely different sets of intertype relations](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations#Complete_Table), so you cannot be both types at the same time. INFj for example is supervised by ESFp while ENFp and ESFp are in "business relations", which is a completely different intertype relation. And of course their [Reinin dichotomies](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Reinin_dichotomies#Overview), their [small groupings](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Small_groups), and their [thinking styles](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Gulenko_Cognitive_Styles) are different, so "mirror" types are really vastly different from each other and it's not only a matter of moving a few cognitive functions up or down the priority ladder.     
        
MBTI gives you that leeway - since MBTI doesn't specify much about types beyond the short profiles, you can btype yourself as anything. In Socionics, however, types are part of a very specific network of relationships and have further defining features like dichotomies that will only work once you have chosen the right type for yourself.   
     
You can try reading the [INFj](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII) vs [ENFp](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE) profiles to further specify which type you have.I feel fine with it. It really makes for a great extension to MBTI for those who need something more advanced than what MBTI can offer. I'm glad I started learning typology with MBTI because MBTI provides a very simple conceptual framework that once you get it down, you can use to build on further with socionics and/or personal observations. MBTI makes a great entry point, a much better one than Socionics, but once you hit intermediate levels in understanding MBTI then Socionics has a lot more to offer.            
    
Socionics does have a high entrance barrier that seems to disorient and frustrate many people who attempt to get into it - and this is one thing that they need to work on. Once you get over that barrier it's smooth sailing from there on and the amount of additional information that you learn about your own type and types of people around you is immense. This barrier is probably at least 1 year long going on 2 years of practice. It didn't really make much sense to me and typing others was difficult the first year, but going on second year things have started to come together and typing has gotten a lot easier.INFJs *aren't* that good at consistently striving towards long goals, organization, and any activities that require high level energy outputs &amp; socialization, like many high level leadership positions. Being an INFJ myself I would say the problem is that irrationality + N-dominance creates a kind of kaleidoscopic type of thinking, where many thoughts will swirl and circulate around without clear order or goal-setting, creating ruminative and past over-analyzing patterns that aren't any good for achieving things/goals in real life. Typically INFJs need external structure and motivation to pull themselves together - they will work hard if other people depend on it or require it of them. If there is no need or structure, we slip into dreamy, ruminative, belly-button staring mode. The best type to make INFJs 'snap out of it' is, of course, the INFJ dual, the ESTP, but also any other type with high Se, Ti, or Fe.       
    
Ennneagram also matters. Several INFJ 4s I know complain how they lack motivation, how they cannot pull themselves by the bootstraps and make themselves do anything. Two of them are in their 30s going back to school trying to get their shit together. INFJ 1s and 3s who are in enneagram's "competence triad" seem to have an easier time with this.&gt; Fe is just as able to be "organized" as Te, but its classifications are different, but still objective.   
    
This pretty much. Fe like Te is an extraverted judging function (Je) that deals with seeing sequences of events, knowing which actions will lead to which outcome, from which Fe types can organize their own activities. The goals and prioritized values of F vs. T differ, however, as Beta Fe for example is a lot more motivated by people's issues and concerns than efficiency and profit.The ones that I relate to or can see them playing out in my life are: Tactical/Strategic, Process/Result, Positivist/Negativist, Yielding/Obstinate.    
    
The one that I've struggled with is Democratic/Aristocratic because their descriptions are at odds with Enneagram's Social instinct. You can have Betas who are SOC-last who won't be keen of putting people in groups or prognosing some socio-cultural trends, and on the other end you can have Alphas and Gammas with SOC instinct who will be more socially aware than SOC-last Betas and Deltas despite them being in "Aristocratic" quadra.    
    
It also seems to me that Reinin dichotimies are affected by subtypes. It's easier to see Process/Result with Fi-EIIs than Ne-EIIs because the later has accented irrational element, giving Ne-EIIs a certain degree of hecticness which is attributes to Result types.
Which parts of "result" over "process" do you relate to?    
    
I know a Ne-EII who also relates to "result" herself but to me it's obvious she thinks and expresses herself as a "process" type. I wonder what it is about Ne subtype that makes it harder for you guys and gals to see yourselves in "process" description.&gt; I often do things out of order.     
    
Something I've wondered is how does a strong irrational subtype influence this dichotomy, because for the love of me I cannot imagine a Ne-ENTp, for example, doing things in precise sequential order despite being a process type.   
    
&gt; I always visualize the end result of something before the beginning.     
     
This supposed Result type trait overlaps with Tactical/Strategic dichotomy. I actually don't visualize the end result and feel like most of my activities are partially experimental. I'm more focused on studying and then adapting the changing conditions around me then trying to drive things to a specific end result. However my thinking tends to be top-down: I first see the larger picture in very poor resolution then try to zoom in and discover the details.   
    
&gt; I love the beginning or ending in a season of life, I'm always bored with the middle.    
    
This would also have to do with intuition-sensing and the subtypes. I find that intuitives generally get bored with the 'middle' parts while strong sensing types like SEI are all about the process.     
    
&gt; Growing up if I was reading a book I would read the last few pages of the book before I committed to reading the whole thing.    
    
I would read the summary and if I found the subject interesting I would read the book, but there was never any committing to it and I could drop it after 40-50 pages or sometimes 2/3rd through.     
     
&gt; If I was writing a paper, I would have the last paragraph usually prewritten in my mind.    
     
Might be Tactical/Strategic again. I would focus on overall idea that I'm trying to convey and then how I could 'unravel' it into paragraphs and give the essay the necessary substance, length if for assignment, and persuasive effect. The information always tightly collapses in my head that I feel like much can be conveyed by a few sentences, so writing essays in school felt like a pointless exercise. I always marveled at people who could get at the core of the topic or problem with a brief poignant phrase or explain something laconically.     
     
&gt; I get really pissy when people tell me how to do things (this is an issue with my lse and sei parents), but I don't mind being told what to do occasionally.   
    
I don't remember this being part of Process/Result trait, but I generally don't mind this much. I found some 'identicals' who were the opposite of me on this trait and would react negatively, so I figured this is mostly an individual quality. It's of greater significance in Ej-Ij pairs since Ejs with their dominant Fe or Te are always giving direction to activity, and Ijs have to protect themselves from this somehow, but it has its place in Ep-Ip interactions as well.    
    
&gt; I prefer having a fixed goal and then having freedom to approach with as many methods as I need.    
    
Tactical/Strategic again.   
    
&gt; I dislike being trapped with one method.   
    
Not sure how I feel about this one. I'll apply same method to solve problems from different areas of life that sometimes surprises people. It's not much surprising to me because with Ni I see the distance general similarities in what would seem like different situations, and if it works in that instance why not use it again. At the same time I will teach myself different skills and accumulate like a bundle of them because I'm not comfortable just knowing how to do one thing.    
    
&gt; In regards to process, I will say sometimes I do a task in one sitting vs. breaking it into pieces. This is because I often procrastinate, so by the time it's time to do the task, I often just push through to completion. Plus I'd usually rather do something I dislike for a concentrated period of time, than drag it out indefinitely.   
    
I feel like this is a general intuitive problem. Sensing types seem more 'process'-involved in comparison, while I'd also rather do something in one sitting after procrastinating. I've been teaching myself to break things up lately because otherwise I over-exert myself and it's not good for my health too stay up too late or exert myself physically after weeks of inactivity.   
    
So to summarize,it seems like both Tactical/Strategic and Sensing/Intuition dichotomies are entering the realm of the Process/Result one.Ni is actually past oriented like Si. Ni derives patterns from what the person already observed or read i.e. past information, and then flips and projects those patterns into the future to foresee what's the likely outcome of some new situation. Ni doesn't derive its insights out of nowhere, but from past observations. Unlike Si it doesn't keep the physical details in mind, like size shape color sensations, but instead tries to derive the 'archetype' of the situation, its theme or topic, for which purposes Ni diffuses any specifics, particulars, and details.       
      
[Fi-ISFPs](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes) have stronger Ni and so they are more static and stable, expecting that same things will repeat, and feeling cornered or at a loss if the changes are too drastic (i.e. they have stronger Ne PoLR). Se-ISFPs are more resilient and dynamic in this sense. They will try to cover and make-up for their Ne PoLR with their creative Se function. Their problem is that they tend to over-exert themselves and then run out of steam. I would guess type 9 with low certainty. These types of conversations "I don't care, what do you want" have been posted on 9 discussion forums. Nines are said to have a "loss of interiority" so they can't easily figure out what they want, and it becomes easier to leave it up to their partner or to play these guessing games until they finally get some sense of their own wishes.I struggle a lot with any sort of linear thinking because as Gulenko described in [this article about SLIs, another VS type like the IEI](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Video_Lectures_from_School_of_Humanitarian_Socionics_by_Victor_Gulenko#Right_Types_and_Susceptibility_to_Suggestion) my mind suddenly jumps to another point or loops back to a previous point and "breaks the progression" or whatever sequence of steps that had to be followed. Back in the day that made me decide against majoring in and working in biology since we had to follow these precise 40+ step protocols and I keep messing them up. While I would actively experiment and search out new methods to solve some problems, it was difficult to give these mini-experiments an overall sequential progression and a stable structure. They were just kind of temporary clicks or daily insights, but the overall picture of how, where, and towards which goal I would experiment closely resembled a chaotic mess.     
    
So for the Process/Result dichotomy it seems like Tactical/Strategic dichotomy is a major contributor for what might throw people off the course. Result type descriptions state that 'result' types visualize the end point, which is also found in descriptions of Strategic types and makes it easy for Strategic types to consider themselves as being also Result. I think the mental process might be different here but the descriptions of these dichotomies aren't nuanced enough to disclose it. As a Result+Tactical type, I don't actually visualize the end goal or result that I'd want to achieve or where I'd want to drive things. The journey is open-ended for me and I don't know what I will find or where I will end up - there is no set final destination. But I do relate to the descriptions of Result types as first seeing a coarse outline of the situation and then, with some effort, working out the details and particulars (top-down thinking style, zoomed out -&gt; zoomed in), and the weak ability to follow precise sequences of steps.

he's typed as ESFj in socionics, so back to alpha quadra "just want to joke with everyone"Stage eleventy-one: through socionics you learn visual identification and become a typology wizard. Now you no longer have to figure out types - they start jumping out at you even before you talk to people. You realize your own type (and subtype) has been staring at you every morning when you looked into a mirror, ever since stage 1, and boy by now you've spent years searching for an answer that was there all along. Magic typology level unlocked!!1!"Essentially" and "basically" is Ni compounding information into some pattern. Rather than tell you about every little boring detail, Ni strives to look into overall behind-the-scenes pattern i.e. the "essence" of the situation. Other words you'll commonly hear from Ni intuitives are "probably" "could be" "possibly" and "likely" since Ni works with probabilities and potentials ([vocab and conversation themes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/155-Semantics-and-Vocabulary-of-Information-Elements) associated with each function). "Per se" idk I never use this one. "For instance" or "for example" is when the INFJ sees that the person doesn't catch onto their Ni patterns as quickly (often happens with sensor types) so some further specification in form of examples is needed.    Jordan Schlanksy is a great example of [Ti-LII subtype](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_subtypes) (Ti-INTP).That's very typical at work. They want you to know the informal stuff that's going on, and they can't really do that without stepping out of their supervisor character for a second.INFP, INFJ, ISFJ, if you want to make her more outgoing and less introverted then ESFJ, ENFPIt depends on subtype and also upbringing. Intuitive subtype is less likely to go to the gym and also prone to certain roundness. This is true for both INxJs and ENxPs. If you have ENTP of logical subtype that both makes their sensing functions stronger and increases rationality, so they are more likely to exercise and stick to a schedule or routine. As for upbringing, if his parents didn't have him participate in any sports or physical activities as a kid, he wouldn't have any positive motivation and habit to do it as an adult. Certain enneagram types are also more physically oriented than others, like 8s and 7w8s. I'd say this is in the realm of Fi rather than Fe. Find people you connect with, who are interesting to have a conversation with, then you won't feel like you have to fake it. Fe users go through this too and you quickly learn that being nice to everyone is very taxing and that you need to manage your social circle and prioritize those with whom you can connect. A few people can pull off being social and nice to everyone, but it's really not Fe but some kind of natural charisma and probably some deception on their part that they don't mind.On MBTI forums Perceivers often complain how Judgers over-plan and over-organize, how they are anal and rigid and don't let the P's have their freedom. Well have fun with other Perceivers now and see how well that goes without all the Judger planning ;p   
   For all Fi types it's the TJs. INFPs are ideally matched with ESTJs, which surprises many INFPs, but they have every function in common so you guys are practically the same type with different strengths:    
    
INFP from this end -&gt; [Fi,Ne,Si,Te] &lt;- ESTJ from this end    
    
For other matches check out the [INFP Love Types table](http://personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882), which is basically same thing as that TypeSquare but including some rankings.INTPs and ESFJs are practically the same type, having every cognitive function in common:    
INTP from this end -&gt; [Ti,Ne,Si,Fe] &lt;- ESFJ from this end   
... so granted there aren't any mistypes on INTP's or ESFJ's end, and that their enneagram types are not conflicting, they generally see eye to eye. If they figured their types wrong (common in MBTI, something like 30% of people are initially mistyped) and/or if their enneagram types are conflicting (MBTI isn' the only typology around that affects personal compatibility) then chances are they won't get along as well.I'd disagree with that. Those are generic words common for Intuition as a strong function, it's e/i orientation doesn't matter - as long as the person is an expressed intuitive, their intuition will look into the overall general pattern or essence of things. Socionics [profiles for Ni types](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home#Socionics_Types) mention this in several places, as well as pointing out that Ni vulnerable types struggle with this ability:      
   
- ILI/INTJ (Ni+Te): "The ability to **see the essence of a problem** and to envision the eventual result seems insightful, such that ILI may earn the reputation of a wise and far-sighted person or a philosopher."   
   
- EIE/ENFj (Ni supportive): "Function #2 – subjective intuition (Ni): creative function, zone of functioning, zone of taking risks; **continuity and wholeness of the situation, inner state, essence**, the sense of time and timing. EIE's creative function allows him/her to easily manipulate the continuity, "inner wholeness", timing of a situation."    
     
- LSE/ESTj (Ni polr vulnerable function): "Therefore he [LSE] often **doesn’t realize the deeper essence** of a person or event, but makes judgments based on what she sees."    
    
And once the Ni type sees the essence of something, saying "essentially" in a conversation is the next natural step :)   
    
That vocabulary page, by the way, is not part of classical Socionics material. It was compiled by a Socionics hobbyist who lived in the West and got into Socionics around a decade ago when much of the translated profiles weren't available. As such while that page is an interesting idea, it's not infallible and contains multiple inaccuracies.I find I don't have to do this often around types with strong intuition like ENTPs and ENFPs. They quickly catch the gist of conversation and add something of their own, and don't need me to shower them with concrete examples as much as do sensing types.I don't have a single function in common with INFPs and I feel that way sometimes. Some people stretch MBTI way beyond its limits and try to explain everything on its basis, and well it's just very simple typology with 8 cognitive functions that cannot and does not cover all the bases of human psychology and experience.    
    
The 'sickly dominant-tertiary' loops don't really exist. Getting cycled on certain functions is an expression of [subtype of a type](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Subtype), which is completely natural and not a sign of depression or mental illness.Maybe something to it, given that Fi is an introverted judging function that separates certain personal judgements and states. Thus having weak Fi would mean a deficiency in such differentiation.    
    
I've mostly seen these kinds of things with my ENTP ex and his Fi PoLR, taken from this [ENTP profile](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_by_Stratiyevskaya#4th_Function_-_Fi_Introverted_ethics). There is certain mistrustfulness based on feeling of discomfort with certain people and poor sense of personal boundaries, with the assumption that the ENTP can make choices for you, accompanied by persuasive Ti reasoning.   
      
- "This happens due to ENTp's primarily logical approach to ethical issues, but also because he doesn't see any distance between himself and another person, with whom he intends to closely socialize. Barely having begun a relationship, the ILE already treats his partner as a part of himself — from which comes a "logical" conclusion that his partner already, entirely and wholly, belongs to him. Consequently, the partner has no remaining right to choose, opportunity, and personal freedom, just as there can be no discrepancy in views, since now everything is being decided, thought, and chosen by the ENTp."    
    
- "In circumstances of continuous psychological discomfort, the ENTp becomes irritated by everything, constantly experiencing (often unfounded) mistrust and aversion towards his partner. Irritation and aversion towards his partner can visit the ENTp in the very starting phase of their relations. Nevertheless, the ILE will try to maintain and continue on with the relationship, develop it further..."    
    
I've never seen him be rude to people or create awkward and embarrassing situations, but then he was an enneagram type 3 and very image oriented. I've seen more aggressive and offensive type behavior from ENTP 7s and 8s and awkwardness with ENTP 6s and 9s.
They have him down as ENFJ (EIE) in socionics [types gallery](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/socionics-fe-enfj-fe-eie/) and by enneagram he looks like core type 3 with a 2 wing, possibly sp/so. Visually he fits with socionics Beta NFs quite nicely, has that bit of standoffish poetic haughty look about him, reminiscent of Oscar Wilde, another Beta NF - [pic](http://www.tvovermind.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/james-spader-pretty-in-pink-memoriam.jpg).Had to tell off ENFPs several times because of this. They form some kind of internalized model of your personality and try to persuade you that this model they have worked out is really you, and that you're flawed, and need to change, only of course the model is build around their needs and subjective Fi perceptions, so they are basically trying to shape your personality to wrap it around themselves. It only works out well for their socionics duals, ISTJs (SLIs), and some other Te types, like their beneficiaries ENTJs (LIEs).Bill Clinton is typed as ESFJ 3 and he's nothing like Taylor Swift. Looking up Taylor Swift's type further it looks like she has been typed as INFJ, ESFJ, ESFP, ISFP 4, 3w4, 7w8, and 6w7. Even if we assume for a second that she is actually ENFJ 3, still they wouldn't have the same wing, subtype, or instinct stacking with Spader, so it's not clear why you'd expect high degree of similarity. That combination is like 50 million individuals living on this planet - they aren't going to be all alike.   
    
I prefer Soconics galleries to MBTI just because they have done much more thorough study into jungian types and have stricter criteria for assigning types than does MBTI. MBTI is like solving a crossword puzzle where you only have only two words intersect, so you can write just about anything into the fields, assign whichever type you like or are biased towards. Socionics with all of its subgroupings, dichotomies, and thinking styles is like having almost every single letter intersect, and if a word doesn't match every letter, you can't write in that word/assing that type, doesn't matter personal biases or stereotypes. So Socionics galleries &gt; CelebrityTypes based on higher accuracy of typings.   
     
&gt; ... people in the socionics community also seem to think he's xNFP. I don't yet have an opinion on this one.   
    
?? There isn't a single NFP vote for him on 16types, and that is the largest and most proficient forum on Socionics - [Oscar Wilde](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/9808-Oscar-Wilde) - you have 2 votes for EIE which is ENFj, and one votes for each ILI, IEI, SLI, and ILE so majority of votes are going for Ni ego types. His writing is dynamic &gt; static, synthetic &gt; analytical which rules out any NFP or NTP typings for him.   
     
&gt;    True. I'm wondering if that could be an enneagram effect though. At this point I'm thinking he might be something unusual like ESFP 5w4.   
    
Even so this kind of demeanor is not attributed to 5s. 5s are at the 'bottom' of the enneagram in the head triad so putting on airs is not their main motivation. My own father is a 5 and I'm like 100% sure that him and Spader and not the same enneagram type. It's a completely different vibe. She is typed as ESFj (ESE) in [Socionics types gallery](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/). I think the MBTI intuitive bias prevents people from considering sensing types for famous authors and writers, yet none of the intuitive types match, so they get stuck typing her. She was Ne+Si valuing, but that doesn't mean that she has to be INFP and the fact that she was a writer of fiction stories doesn't make her into an NF.This is the most concise and correct explanation. It's actually explained at Wikisocion in many more words, for those who don't mind doing some reading: [**Socionics Type Names Demystified**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Type_names#Four-Letter_Type_Codes).It's not lost. Socionics has a dichotomy that corresponds to MBTI's Judgers and Perceivers - it's called [Static and Dynamic](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Static_and_dynamic), where "Static" types are same as MBTI "Perceivers" and "Dynamic" types include all the "Judgers". They are described and explained somewhat differently than MBTI covers it, and while it's an important dichotomy in Socionics it's not the main one.&gt; So someone is either planing and systematic (Judger/rational) or spontaneous and erratic (Perceiver/irrational).   
    
No, that's inaccurate. The reality is that every type combines both perceiving and judging elements, so every type is capable of both planning ahead and being spontaneous and flexible. Furthermore, subtypes will influence this, so these traits will vary even for people of the type (ESTJ-Te will be more of a 'judger' or 'rational' than ESTJ-Si).   The only difference between the types is where and how it happens i.e. which elements are positioned in first and second functions. So for example an INTP can well plan out and structure their life with Ti, but their secondary Ne will also give them situational flexibility and considering other options than might not have been included in their plan. Going even further, subtypes will influence this, so an INTP-Ne is going to be way more spontaneous than INTP-Ti, and the rational description won't be as easy to identify with for this person due to their accentuation on irrational Ne function. (And going even further there is even more muddling of the waters on this trait when you account for people's differing enneagram types.)     
      
So there is not a strict and rigid either/or divide, either you're Judger or Perceiver, with types. Every person is capable of both and as far as jungian types go, enneagram aside, the subtype has much more say here as to which description will be pertinent to the person.She is an ambivert, which does not preclude Pi-Exxj type who tend to be ambiverts, and you can't exclude that she uses Fe.Typing someone who has engaged in so much social commentary and wit as Fe-inferior (1-dimensional Fe) to me looks like a nonsensical typing, e.g. [Oscar Wilde's criticism of society in The Importance of Being Ernest](http://www.markedbyteachers.com/gcse/sociology/oscar-wilde-s-criticism-of-society-in-the-importance-of-being-ernest.html).It's not arbitrary at all for those who read and study. It actually forms an elegant system. The 3-letter codes are abbreviations of type names, explained at their Wikipedia equivalent easily found through Google:      
[**Socionics Type Names Demystified**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Type_names).You can't "see' functions with your eyes, they are not some physical traits, and especially NOT the dominant function that is present only in the background. You have to *listen* to what people say to understand what cognitive lenses they are using, and Rowling is not using dominant introverted feeling in any of her interviews. Since it doesn't sound like you've done much reading about cognitive functions and have some unreal expectations of what you are able to "see", I would not trust such conclusions.They have different approaches to typing people. Socionics has [a number of criteria for typing a person](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home#Theory), like small groupings, quadra values, Reinin dichotomies, communication and romancing styles. To type a celeb or famous person you need to match the majority of these. MBTI has none of these additional dichotomies and groupings. You're basically stuck matching the personality you imagine the person has or have had to one of the MBTI type descriptions. So MBTI typings will variate from Socionics ones.     
    
Typings vary even across MBTI websites and Socionics databases, depending on subjective interpretations of the typer.The trouble with having 'reputable' data in MBTI is that 1) many attempted studies will ignore cognitive functions and go by dichotomies, so they'll lump types together just on basis of their 4-letter codes like NTs or NFs despite the fact that these types are very very different from each other, and 2) MBTI doesn't have as stringent typing criteria and an enormous intuitive bias, which means a significant number of mistypes especially where sensing types type themselves as intuitives, usually based on bs criteria like reporting "having an imagination" or writing fiction stories. So it's very difficult to get good relationship data on MBTI types. Most of MBTI compatibility articles don't reference any studies and seem to come from the hypotheses and assumptions of their authors.     
     
Also, since I'm like 6+ years advanced into studying typologies of different kinds, I must say that it's not jungian (mbti/socionics) type that plays the main role in attraction and compatibility. Enneagram instinct stackings are a degree more stronger predictor of initial attraction and compatibility, followed by Enneagram types. Both also have a lot of do with relationship dynamics. Sometimes one can see a relationship type that is predicted to be a poor match by jung's types but both people report it being on a positive note, and it's often the case that they are very compatible by enneagram which makes up for the low compatibility in mbti/socionics, so the compatibility picture is really a composite of many typologies.Try reading Carl Jung's descriptions of cognitive functions and forgetting about things like J/P for the time being as these distinctions are secondary. His functional descriptions were the foundation for Myers &amp; Briggs to write profiles of the types, so go to the roots: [***Chapter 10 of Psychological Types***](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types)Sounds like you were reading deep into his inner feelings and emotional experiences (Fi) while your ISFJ boyfriend was reading deep into his inner physical state (Si). Still very amusing!&gt; well in this case im an enfp ._. i rarely ever show my intuitive side though   
    
Maybe you're sensor then. Like ISFP or ISTP. These types keep confusing their tertiary Ni for dominant one and typing as INxJs. If none of the intuitive types feel like a good fit, then it's like ding-ding-ding alarm bells that you might be falling into MBTI's intuitive bias.lol that's what estp's say all the time! you sure you're not a sensor?  intuitive introverts love doing research and reading, this kind of thing isn't a challenge for themThe auxiliary and tertiary get used to solve tasks and problems on daily basis, so both are sufficiently conscious and get engaged situationally. It's the dominant function and the inferior function that are slightly outside the person's perception - dominant is observing for the most part, it's passive and 'above' one's perception being 'turned on' ever since childhood making it difficult to notice. It's common enough for people to decide that their creative or tertiary, that they can actually feel themselves using day-to-day, is their dominant function. Dominant cannot be controlled really. It's always 'on', always 'working', you cannot turn it off at will. well, it's worth it!~ even though it looks overwhelming at firstPlus/minus signs are advanced material. If you don't know anything about socionics, I suggest starting with the basics and reading up about types, functions, intraformational elements, and model A at [**Wikisocion**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home#Socionics_Types). You can get into IE signs once you cover the basics.That's not quite it. "PoLR" is Socionics name for a function that is the reverse of "activating" function, that corresponds to tertiary function of MBTI. The abbreviation means ["point of least resistance"](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Functions#Vulnerable_function). This function is considered to be the weakest function in the psyche of a type, and every type has exactly 1 function that is its PoLR.   
    
For type ESFP the socionics designations are as shown on this [model A chart or type SEE (ESFp)](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE). The 1st, 2nd, 5th, and 6ths functions are valued by the type and within the type's quadrant, and correspond to the first 4 functions of MBTI. The 3rd, 4th, 7th, and 8th functions are subdued or disregarded by the type in favor of their valued functions. These correspond to MBTI's "shadow" functions.      
    
PoLR is considered to be [1-dimensional function](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Dimensionality#Dimensionality_of_Functions_of_Model_A), which is same as Suggestive aka Dual-Seeking function (MBTI's inferior), but unlike Suggestive function it is additionally subdued or unvalued by the type - which makes it particularlly irritating. So you're right that both inferior and polr can appear to be missing from person's judgements and considerations.   
    
If you want to see how ESFps use their subdued functions, I recommend skimming over these profiles:     
* [ESFp profile by Stratiyevskaya](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_by_Stratiyevskaya)   
* [Wikisocion ESFp composite](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_SEE_composite)    
* [ESFp description by Grigory Reinin](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Type_Descriptions_by_Grigory_Reinin#SEE_.28Napoleon.29)    
which outline type traits function by function, as well as reading this discussion thread [Ti PoLR in ExFPs](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/3104-How-is-Ti-PoLR-manifested-in-ENFps-and-ESFps). 
Both do it, but factor in different kinds of data.In socionics they are both "aristocratic" types that are concerned with things like social and cultural trends and deep personality psychology, both are "irrational", "tactical", feeling and dominant in intuition so both types tend to be scattered (infjs more in thoughts, enfps in actions), having trouble channeling their energies in one direction, keeping to same profession or career for example, both have an avid though fleeting interest in people, and both have trouble with anything that requires strong sensing like maintaining a house or doing a lot of meticulous concrete work. That has a lot more to do with Enneagram than MBTI. In the Enneagram there is something called [Social (SO) instinct](https://www.enneagramworldwide.com/instinctual-subtypes/) which gives people a social orientation. Roughly 2/3rds of people value it, and 1/3 has this instinct as their weakest blindspot one. Hence it's possible to meet ENFPs and INFJs who don't find politics and social topics to be engaging. It's the ISTJs who are the "other side of the coin" for ENFPs. ISTPs make that impression *only superficially*, but when you take a look at their cognitive functions, completely different picture appears: 
   
This is the layout for ISTJ and ENFP:

ISTJ from this end -&gt; [Si Te Fi Ne] &lt;- ENFP from this end    
    
making them two halves of the same integral type, aka two sides of same coin, which improves understanding and compatibility in any type of relationship. In Socionics these matches are called [duality types](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Duality). If you then look at ISTP's functions, the ISTP shares zero, no functions in common with the ENFP: ISTP [Ti Se Ni Fe]. In socionics type with these functions is said to be conflictor type of ENFP. They may still get along in casual social settings, but they never understand one another deeply.     
     
On a side note, I have seen ESTPs and ISTJs who mistyped themselves into ISTPs say they get along with ENFPs. While ESTPs don't have any cog functions in common with ENFPs either, they share the same spontaneous ExxP type attitude, and those who are looking to have some casual fun will hook up with them.            
       
There is a [100+ page thread](http://personalitycafe.com/istj-forum-duty-fulfillers/7682-istj-enfp-relationships.html) devoted to discussions of relationships between ISTJs and ENFPs at Personality Cafe typology forum. That's not a coincidence!    
       
The following are suggested compatible type matches for these types:    
* [ISTJ Love Types](http://personalitycafe.com/istj-articles/284-love-types-istj-7.html#post3833786)         
* [ENFP Love Types](http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890)       
    Maybe your friend is ESFP or ENFJ who think that they are ENFP. Both of such mistypes are common. If you're not picking up on conflictor relationship between you two and mismatch in functions that is really strange.Because your dual is so great in areas where you struggle. Feeling insecure about this isn't always the response, but it can be one of the feelings evoked. None of them. Globally and on average stackings are distributed randomly and equally. Locally you can find some instinct stackings predominate, since like attracts like.The way Socionics lists functions is different from MBTI, which seems to confuse many people. MBTI type profiles list 4 valued functions numbered 1-4, then maybe 4 unvalued "shadow" functions (most profiles don't mention anything about these). While Socionics lists 2 valued functions, then 2 unvalued function, then another 2 valued functions, then another 2 unvalued. So going by type's valued functions in Socionics these are [1,2,5,6] while in MBTI these are [1,2,3,4].     
     
It is really confusing why Socionics does this, but their argumentation is that they list the functions in order of "information processing" and "conscious" functions, and supposedly functions 3,4 are involved in this process before others, as shows on this [picture of Model A](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Model_A#Workings_of_Model_A). Your socionics "Activator" doesn't even give passive advice on your PoLR. They simply ignore this type of information, or observe to themselves never bothering to argue or comment on it, like it flies past their ears and doesn't grab their attention. On the positive note, the aspect doesn't seem to 'prod' and provoke them either. It's much easier for an ESE to get provoked and emotionally involved in a debate about Se, where LII's activator SEI will remain calm and unbothered, and set on his or her opinions. So this can have both a discomforting effect, because you're not getting the type of information that you really need to solve your PoLR problems, but also an admiration effect at how unperturbed your "activator" is by something that bothers you so much where even your dual almost always gets 'triggered'.    
    
The creative and demonstration functions of your "activator" do seem to double-up with your suggestive and role functions. Each of these functions are "contact" and meant to affect your environment somehow. In duality relationships duals use suggestive in small doses around each other, while each dual remains "inert" to each other's suggestive on their leading function and passively hears out your suggestions and receives your help. Imagine the surprise when your activator starts applying your suggestive function with 3x the earnestness. It does feel a tad patronizing: they are doing your job for you and so much better/quicker and with greater sophistication than you would do it yourself - but can also be a source for "activity" admiration.   
    
In summary activity relations can go either way, but the net effect and evaluation of each other is usually positive, which is why most people rank Activity as among top 5 recommended relationship types. Even if they don't place it as #2 right after duality but prefer semi-duality or mirage to activation, due to temperament compatibility, it's still high up there among the recommended relationship types.Is that even legal that they try to cull any competition and monopolize the MBTI market to themselves? I have no idea about this. You might try asking on Facebook as I've seen a few people certified through Myers Briggs Foundation in fb mbti groups. Shadows - ENTJIt's highly unlikely she is ISFJ, since ISFJs and INTPs have all cognitive functions in common and tend to listen to each other. I was raised by an ISFJ and they are never militant like that. It's very likely that you and your mom are either in a relationship of [Superego or Conflict](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations) (for INTP these types are ISFP and ESFP), as mutual understanding and trust reaches a low point in these ITRs. Think about it this way: if you don't have the cognitive means ie cognitive functions she also values, you have no means of convincing her to listen to you and to trust your advice. This is not the case for types INTP and ISFJ who share every function in common. It sounds like your best bet at this point is to seek to become self-sufficient and move out. This way you'll be out of her reach. Fastest way of accomplishing this is going to a trade or vocational school, this way you can get a job that will support you financially and you can move out of your home.fellow ENTJ friend claims him as identical and he's right, they are a lot alike lolSame types will have a likeness, that's why they are *drumroll* the same type lol. Don't care to invest any further into this. Study mbti types first.ISFJ 1w9 he has Fe going for himI was raised by an ISFJ and ESFJ, and the later makes much more sense. More thoughtful, scrupulous, and data responsive (tertiary Ti). You don't get much of this from ESFJs.Well the difference between ISFJ and INFP is Fe/Ti vs. Fi/Te, so focusing on sensing and intuitive functions is not going to solve your dilemma. Look into descriptions of Extraverted Feeling vs. Extraverted Thinking, as well as the introverted versions, and decide which one sounds more like you. A good place though not the easiest place to start is reading what Carl Jung had to say on the matter, since he was the one who has started this whole mess: [Fi - dominant function of INFPs](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types#The_Introverted_Feeling_Type) and [Fe - auxiliary function of ISFJs](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types#The_Extraverted_Feeling_Type).weak Fe, not choosing your audience and friends appropriately and if you focus only on yourself having fun people think you're egotistic, annoying, etc.It's not an either-or kind of decision - they kind of build on each other. Different takes on the same system of 16 types. I'd start with MBTI because it's easier to study and there is lots of material available online. Once you got your MBTI basics down and start feeling bored with it, explore Socionics. Socionics is like MBTI Advanced. You might have to abandon some stereotypes that are copiously propagated in the MBTI world but it's interesting to see the alternative take Socionics has on types. My progression was 1.5 years with MBTI then 3+ years with socionics.&gt; New theories, untested practices, hypotheses and assumptions do not trust.    
    
Reads like you're using an untranslated source. The translated subtype descriptions have been posted on Wikisocion a while ago: [Ti-ESTp Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_subtypes): "Relies on official and trusted source of information. Distrustful of new theories, hypotheses, and assumptions that haven't been tested in practice. Skeptical of the occult and the esoteric."Generally INTP corresponds to LII while IEI corresponds to INFJ: [**MBTI &amp; Socionics Type Correlation Polls**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/49750-MBTI-and-Socionics-Type-Conversion-Polls).    
If you take a look at valued functions of INTP and LII they are exactly the same, but they differ from those of INFJs and IEIs.  
    
I'd recommend reading multiple profiles of LII and IEI types in detail to figure out which one is your type. It's not uncommon for IEIs with strong Ti activating function to assume that its their dominant one and then type as Ti-dominant LII or INTP.   
   
[**IEI profiles**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEI)   
[**LII profiles**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII)   I wouldn't bother trying to match subtypes. Find someone with Ti or Se, or better both. What's the use getting into all of this theoretical info if finding that perfectly matched on every subtype person in a population is like looking for a needle in a haystack.I'd recommend reading socionics ENTj and INTp (INTJ) profiles in detail and figuring out which ones form a better match.      
[**Soconics ENTj (LIE) MBTI ENTJ**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LIE)   
[**Soconics INTp (ILI) MBTI INTJ**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI)   I vote for ISFJ. He's actually a little bit like an ENTP, which is ISFJ's dual type in socionics.   
[This gallery](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/?eq=socionix) has him down as an Si &amp; Fe type.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. They are more detailed than MBTI ones.    
[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42483) | [ISTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4440-Discussion-of-LSI-ISTj-Subtypes?p=142621&amp;viewfull=1#post142621)    
[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)   
Harris is 3w4 SO/SP with a strong line to 9.Paglia is INTJ or [Te-ILI](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_subtypes#Logical_subtype_Te-INTp_.28Te-ILI.29) in socionics: "*The logical subtype makes an impression of a self-confident, sober-minded, rational person. Most often he is courteous, demonstrates a critical turn of mind and possesses a sense of humor. He smiles frequently but his smile seems somewhat monotonous and set. He tries to be polite, therefore doesn't always voice all of his thoughts and observations. Likes to subject things to analysis. Sometimes he seems haughty and derisive. Skeptical, ironic, and mistrustful. Trusts more in figures and facts than in hastily drawn conclusions. A good rationalizer.*'' - this is her!Jordan Peterson is INTP. He is dominant in Judging function as evidenced by the fact that JBP splinters concepts like no one else can do it. In socionics he would be [Ti-LII](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_subtypes#Logical_subtype_Ti-INTj_.28Ti-LII.29). This is Carl Jung's description of Introverted Logical function, **Ti**, and it fits how Jordan Peterson is perfectly:   
   
"*If in his eyes his product appears correct and true, then it must be so in practice, and others have got to bow to its truth. Hardly ever will he go out of his way to win anyone's appreciation of it, especially anyone of influence.*"      
     
"*He usually has bad experiences with rivals in his own field because he never understands how to curry their favour; as a rule he only succeeds in showing them how entirely superfluous they are to him. In the pursuit of his ideas he is generally stubborn, headstrong, and quite unamenable to influence.*"      
      
"*Because he thinks out his problems to the limit, he complicates them and constantly gets entangled in his own scruples and misgivings. However clear to him the inner structure of his thoughts may be, he is not in the least clear whear or how they link up with the world of reality. Only with the greatest difficulty will he bring himself to admit that what is clear to him may not be equally clear to everyone.*"      
     
"*In his personal relations he is taciturn or else throws himself on people who cannot understand him, and for him this is one more proof of the abysmal stupidity of man. If for once he is understood, he easily succumbs to credulous overestimation of his prowess.*"     
     
"*In his own special field of work he provokes the most violent opposition, which he has no notion how to deal with, unless he happens to be seduced by his primitive affects into acrimonious and fruitless polemics. Casual acquaintances think him inconsiderate and domineering...To outsiders he seems prickly, unapproachable and arrogant, and sometimes soured as a result of his anti-social prejudices.*"    
    
"*He is a poor teacher, because all the time he is teaching his thought is occupied with the material itself and not with its presentation.*"     
     
"*With the intensification of his type, his convictions become all the more rigid and unbending. Outside influences are shut off; as a person, too, he becomes more unsympathetic to his wider circle of acquaintances....his tone becomes personal and surly, and though his ideas may gain in profundity they can no longer be adequately expressed in the material at hand.*"     
     
INFJs have tertiary Ti which sometimes makes them overly identify with INTPs. It's a common mistake to confuse one's developing tertiary function for dominant one.   
      
Agreed with INTJ or [Te-ILI](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_subtypes#Logical_subtype_Te-INTp_.28Te-ILI.29) for Camille Paglia.[**Carl Jung: The Introverted Intuitive Type**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types#The_Introverted_Intuitive_Type)   
     
It's a function of generalization, same as Ne but it works on internalized introverted perceptions. Reason that it's hard to describe it is because INFJs, INTJs, ENTJs, and ENFJs use their Ni differently. INFJs have dominant -Ni, INTJs have dominant +Ni, ENTJs have secondary +Ni, and ENFJs have secondary -Ni. The results of workings of all these Nis is different, but at the core it simply makes it easier to generalize. Once information is generalized it enables the mind to make analogies, speak in metaphors, see archetypes, spot trends and general patters, and so on, but these are all outcomes of [generalization](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generalization) ie abstraction away from specifics. Both intuitive functions do this, but the I/E switches their domains of application.    
     
Here's a [great example of abstraction](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstraction#Referencing_and_referring).
&gt; Their vision is enchanted by the abundance of subjective events. What happens there is so captivating, and of such inexhaustible attraction, that they do not appreciate the fact that their habitual communications to their circle express very, little of that real experience in which they themselves are, as it were, caught up.   
    
Oh hey! That's me xDBuy any of the "Psychological Types" books and you'll find these quotes.ESTP without an INFJ is sadness. In theory ESTPs have +Ni that is contact function and this is like a much weaker form of how you see Ni work for ENTJs since they also have contact +Ni: it builds visions for them of how things would work out in the future, positive course of events, exploring positive options towards their goal. Having it as inferior function is problematic of course as it would give inaccurate black-and-white interpretations. So in this case any type with either -Ni like INFJ or ISFP or types with high resolution +Ni like ENTJ could be complimentary.There aren't a whole lot of sources on the function signs since they are still up to debate and considered to be an advanced topic in socionics. This article is one place to start: [Signs of Functions by I. Eglit](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Signs_of_Functions_of_Model_A_by_Eglit)Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. They are more detailed than MBTI ones.    
[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     
Some function-by-function type descriptions:    
[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     
     
For ENFPs Ne is the [first dominant function](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Functions#Leading_function), for INFPs it's the [second auxiliary one](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Functions#Creative_function). Dominant function has a global outlook that is primarily passive perception and interpretation of things, while auxiliary is used actively poignantly to deal with specific situations and conversations. So for ENFPs their Ne is like lets explore every possibility out there, while for INFPs the Ne is like why not consider this possibility or this tangent within this specific subject. INFPs as introverts will get deeper into subjects while simultaneously exploring them, while ENFPs will try to cover as much territory as possible - breadth (extraverts) vs depth (introverts).Sounds INFP. Types with strong sensing functions aren't that affected by their environment to have the lighting of the room have so much influence on their mood. Types with tertiary and inferior sensing, on the other hand, can be incredibly sensitive to sensory details especially if it's something bothersome.   
You can also try reading the socionics INFP vs ISFP profiles since they are more detailed than MBTI ones:    
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Filatova](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Socionics_Type_Descriptions_by_Filatova#EII_.28Dostoevsky.29) | [INFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_subtypes)   
[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Filatova](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Socionics_Type_Descriptions_by_Filatova#ESI_.28Dreiser.29) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)     
Try carefully reading through socionics INTJ and ENTJ type profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. They are more detailed than MBTI ones.    
[ENTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTJ by Filatova](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Socionics_Type_Descriptions_by_Filatova#LIE_.28Jack_London.29) | [ENTJ subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LIE_subtypes)     
[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Filatova](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Socionics_Type_Descriptions_by_Filatova#ILI_.28Balzac.29) | [INTJ subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_subtypes)Some Se-ISTPs will do this, shifting the focus to their own competence or coolness rather than the sensory experience itself, since for them Ti is above Se so there's a kind of self-focus that comes with that.    
    
In enneagram overcompensation and exaggeration (cringy type of boasting) are character traits linked to unhealthy [type 3s](http://www.fitzel.ca/enneagram/Type3.html). This type is also called the "achiever" or the "promoter" where the achievement is measured by responses they get from others, so they need an awestruck audience to keep up their levels of self-esteem, which when they are at low health levels can lead to boasting, narcissism, pomposity, and other attempts to overcompensate that when transparent may elicit the opposite reaction. Type 3 can be any MBTI type.Loops don't really exist. They are just type subtypes. So with ENFPs you'll have some Ne-ENFPs who will be running Ne-Te as their primary functions and then you have Fi-ENFPs who run on Fi-Si. This creates the impression of loops. While MBTI approaches them as some kind of sickness or personal flaw, there is really nothing inherently sick about subtypes. It's simply a feature of type, and since they exist on a bell curve there are people who will live on the far end of each spectrum. You might want to look into socionics because they've gotten deeper into this topic:   
[Subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Subtypes) | [ENFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_subtypes) | [INTP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_subtypes) | [Intert/contact subtype theory](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Contact_and_Inert_Subtypes_by_Meged_and_Ovcharov)She's Fe-valuing all the way. I support both ENFJ and ISFJ typings of her.Swift is ENFJ. Same as Trump's wife Melania. They even look similar in photos.lol they've already analyzed Swift's cognitive style and it matches the profile of Ni-ENFJ. there is nothing you can say or do, dummy, that will change this.INFJs listen to Ti, sensible reasonable logical conclusions, supported by Se, solid concrete realistic evidence. All your posts so far have been insults and personal attacks which any INFJ will immediately recognize will deflect right back at you, sorry for your butthurt lol   
    
&gt; Either ENFJ or ISFJ… The fuck?   
     
ISFJs and ENFJs have same cognitive style. A little ignorant, aren't you?NF issues. NFs are like the personal guru/teacher type that lacks the sensing to follow their own advice and will throw a lot of hypotheticals at you. Which is why socionics pairs NFs with ST types that are our strong sensing counterpart. STs help NFs to really experience the actuality of our own intuitive advice, which is like someone helping you to live out and explore your own dreams.Here's the full intertype relationships table so you can check for yourself. Introverts switch their j/p's while extroverts stay the same: [**Compete Intertypes Table**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations#Complete_Table) He is definitely an introvert but his approach [at 3+ minutes of this interview](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=142&amp;v=CQbKctnnA-Y) teaching his kids hands-on skills like how to fix engines and the differences between various tools is rather that of ST rather than NT. In that same video Elon Musk also mentions that he has always had a high innate drive and did things without thinking them through, not realizing the consequences of his actions, which is characteristic of Se&gt;Ni types. Putting the three together: introversion + ST mindset + Se&gt;Ni and we have an ISTP type. They are similar to INTJs but the attesting to doing things without projecting where it's going is really a trait of type weak in Ni and strong in Extroverted Sensing.No, INFPs have 1-dimensional Se according to socionics and no matter how much you try the [dimensionality of functions](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Dimensionality) never changes - there is no way to make yourself into a superman and fix every weakness, because we only have strengths to our natural character IF we also have weaknesses. Thus, 1D Se will always remain 1D Se. What you do to 'patch it up' is to befriend and hang out with types that have strong sensing and let them handle it because they'll just do it better, quicker, and at a higher quality while you'll just waste time and make yourself neurotic. [Socionics suggests types like ESTJ, ESFJ, ISFJ, and ISTJ](http://personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882) to match INFP in sensing, where ESTJ is the ideal match, having every function in common with the INFP, and possessing the ability to teach INFP stronger sensing in just the right form that the INFP needs it. So go forth and find yourself some strong Si types! See if you can match him to these profiles: [ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)   
In real life interaction: immediacy of reactions that have to do with the exact presence of the situation without excessive prostration, going off on distant tangents and drawing vague associations.     
    
Not sure if you can fix this mistype for it is deeply ingrained by now. It stems from associating Ni with being imaginative, creative, dreamy, in your head a lot which is descriptive of many introverted types and even some extroverts, hence the large numbers of Sensors who mistype as Intuitives. Best you can do is direct them to read Jung's descriptions of Ni and Si from Chapter 10 and various MBTI sites then hope that will do it.You're mistaking beta types for enneagram Image Triad types (2,3,4) that like playing around with different images of themselves. If you ever see someone do this, it doesn't mean they are beta NF but there is high probability of  them being 3w4 or 4w3 or a similar type. Anonymous is INTP.How have Myers and Briggs described introverted sensation? Do you have a link to their original writing that you're trying to reference to claim that it is completely dissimilar to Jung's description of Si?If you have ever raised ESTP and Se-ISTPs kids you'd know that parents and their "upbringing" don't teach them Se and running around and hopping into actions without a second thought - that is something they have innately as jungian type is set early on. It is actually quite easy to tell the high Se kids on the playground by how driven and active they are, and how they'll wear themselves out by not giving themselves a break. So the argument that Elon has a "Se upbringing" is unpersuasive. P.S. I have outgoing siblings - this hasn't had that effect on me at all.   
     
Prioritizing teaching hands-on-skills aka real world survival skills is in the realm of Sensing functions rather than Thinking ones. It is a strong Sensing function that makes a person prioritize concrete, detailed, object differentiated, reality based activity that has always been the hallmark and strength of the ST types over NTs. In MBTI you cannot type all the nerdy scientists into NTs and then also claim that high drive to activity and hands-on approach also makes him an NT type - it would form a contradiction, do you see that?Depends on who you type as FP. If you take a closer look at Hollywood actors, anyone who has to play on stage, any politicians or public figures, they often have to wear masks to play their role, to stage a convincing performance, or to get support from their votes. It's pretty clear that not every single person in those professions is a beta NF type. ENTJs are considered to be "[emotivist](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Constructivist_and_emotivist#Constructivist_and_emotivist_types)" types in socionics because their feeling functions, Fi and Fe, are what they call contact functions that are designed to make contact with others, but due to being weak for all dominant logical types (this includes IxTPs and ESTJs) their feeling function expresses itself as periodic emotional meltdowns and emotional expressions that they feel they can't fully control. That might be your situation.    
    
Otherwise, try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. They are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ENFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42485) | [ENFJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4845-ENFj-EIE-Subtypes?p=103981&amp;viewfull=1#post103981)    

[ENTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42486) | [ENTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/46746-LIE-ENTj-subtypes?p=138234&amp;viewfull=1#post138234)    
Wearing physical masks and heavy make-up aids in forming personas. Hollywood actors employ both to play their roles and there's more than NF types among them.1D function is never going to become as strong as your dominant or leading function however much effect you invest into developing it. You'll make minuscule improvements with enormous investments of effort and time that simply won't be worth it. That's was the OP's concern.These type matches are called [**conflict relations**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations) in socionics. They don't have a single cognitive function in common if you check, and the way their functions are arranged makes it particularly uncomfortable to be around each other. Each type has what socionics calls a "*point of least resistance (PoLR)*" in their psyche, also called the ["vulnerable" or "painful" function](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Functions#Vulnerable_function). This function is the E/I reverse of the tertiary. So for ISFP with tertiary Ni the "painful" function is Ne, for INFJ with tertiary Ti this function is Te. Then if you look at their conflicting types like ENTP and ESTJ you'll see that these are their dominant functions. And vice versa, ENTP's weakness is in Fi, ESTJ's is in Ni, and these are dominant strongest perspectives of ISFP and INFJ. Thus in addition to not having any cognitive functions in common, they also put the most amount of pressure on each other's "vulnerable" functions.The conflicting nature of these matches is over-exaggerated in Socionics, nevertheless, even in diluted form I've noticed that it holds true. I know two people of "conflicting" types who have to live under the same roof and they do periodically flare up, clash, and under-appreciate each other. Their conversations tends to be shallow and respectful most of the time as they don't really understand either other neither do they want to trigger another fight. They are related to each other and their financial situation is such that they have to live together to save money, but if this was an attempted friendship or a marriage these constant clashes and flare-ups could easily lead to hurt feelings and a divorce. This is what socionics attempts to warn about by calling the intertype relationships resulting from this match as "[**Conflict**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Conflict)".Have you seen Eyes Wide Shut? Everyone present was wearing a mask for a number of the scenes. Not to mention the make-up, the wigs, and having to portray personalities that are completely different from their own. So come again with this ridiculous claim based on shallow stereotyping how all those people are beta NFs.ENFJ enneagram 7   
I'd also look into ESFP and ESTP. She is extroverted and seems to value Se.He's ENTJ enneagram 3. The combination of being type 3 and Se hidden agenda in ENxJs makes them somewhat over-compensatory about their looks and external presentation, which is what can be seen in his videos.   
ESFP is another popular typing for him.Maybe ISFP. They mistype as both INTJs due to having all cognitive functions in common, and as INFPs due to being Fi dominant. Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42488) | [INTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/15943-INTp-ILI-Subtypes?p=283525&amp;viewfull=1#post283525)    

[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     

[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)        
They are rare but this type combo does exist. I've found at least 3-4. 8s are present among every extroverted type, and that includes ENFPs and ENTPs. Dane Cook is one example of an ENFP 8w7: [Why Women Win Fights](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6lDJb-0UVg&amp;list=RDU6lDJb-0UVg)Try carefully reading through socionics INFP and ENFP profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. They are more detailed than MBTI ones, which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     
No idea not into him. I did notice that 8w7s often have a problem socially integrating without being abrasive to others. Still, there are lots of 6w5s and 5s who take to their semi-brutish, unconstrained way of living as 8 is their integration point.Sort of wondering if you are Ni-ENFJ or some ambiverted extroverted type. The part about being able to close your eyes and see the flow of things, and how they are connected, I've heard before from an ENFJ guy (he's very sure of his typing by now). INTP's thinking style is analytic where they break down certain problems, but they have trouble seeing things in motion. I remember an INTP girl posting a picture of these little interconnected wheels and saying she has trouble seeing how they would move.     
     
Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_by_Stratiyevskaya) | [INTP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_subtypes)     
[INFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEI_by_Stratiyevskaya) | [INFJ subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEI_subtypes)    
[ENFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EIE_by_Stratiyevskaya) | [ENFJ subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EIE_subtypes)Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_by_Stratiyevskaya) | [ISTP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_subtypes)     
[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_by_Stratiyevskaya) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)Yeah I test at 157 and my dad tests at 160+. They sugar-coat those tests and boost the scores by at least 20 points. If you really had an IQ of 140, you would have figured this out by now lolSe-ISTP isn't out of the question. The main concern of ESTPs is usually having their freedom rather than stubbornly not budging away from an opinion. That bit sounds like it could be dominant Ti.   
     
Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_by_Stratiyevskaya) | [ISTP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_subtypes)     
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_by_Stratiyevskaya) | [ENTP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_subtypes)    
[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_by_Stratiyevskaya) | [ESTP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_subtypes)Yes, they switch j/p letters for introverts for the reasons explained [here](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Type_names#Four-Letter_Type_Codes), so ISFP becomes ISFj.By this passive-aggressive butthurt reply we can easily guess that your EQ is just as high as you boasted IQ lolBest: Duality, Activity. Worst: Conflict, Superego, Supervision, and maybe Kindred. The [complete table for all types](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations#Complete_Table).      
    
Duality &amp; Activity are best because they consciously represent your unconscious expectations and needs and are able to confidently fulfill them to a much greater degree than other types. The worst matches are less likely to see things from same perspective, which leads to misunderstandings and even arguments, meaning that it's going to be much harder for you to get along.
     

Nope, stare carefully at the [function sign chart](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Signs_of_Functions_of_Model_A_by_Eglit#Additional_notes) which has nothing to do with asking/declaring so fuck off with that nonsense. See how Ni-Fe type (IEI) has minus sign next to first function, that's -Ni, next look at the Ni-Te type (ILI) having + sign next to first function, that's +Ni, and the rest you can figure out yourself (hopefully).Jung was really harsh on Si. No wonder that Si types want to type as Ni and other intuitive types.    
     
"... This is the case, for instance, when the individual is a creative artist. But, since this is the exception, it usually happens that the characteristic introverted difficulty of expression also conceals his irrationality. On the contrary, he may actually stand out by the very calmness and passivity of his demeanour, or by his rational self-control. This peculiarity, which often leads the superficial judgment astray, is really due to his unrelatedness to objects. Normally the object is not consciously depreciated in the least, but its stimulus is removed from it, because it is immediately replaced by a subjective reaction, which is no longer related to the reality of the object.    
     
... Even with only a slight reinforcement of the unconscious, the subjective constituent of sensation becomes so alive that it almost completely obscures the objective influence. The results of this are, on the one hand, a feeling of complete depreciation on the part of the object, and, on the other, an illusory conception of reality on the part of the subject, which in morbid cases may even reach the point of a complete inability to discriminate between the real object and the subjective perception.     
   
... But, where the influence of the object does not entirely succeed, it encounters a benevolent neutrality, disclosing little sympathy, yet constantly striving to reassure and adjust. The too-low is raised a little, the too-high is made a little lower; the enthusiastic is damped, the extravagant restrained; and the unusual brought within the 'correct' formula: all this in order to keep the influence of the object within the necessary bounds. Thus, this type becomes an affliction to his circle, just in so far as his entire harmlessness is no longer above suspicion.     
     
... But, if the latter should be the case, the individual readily becomes a victim to the aggressiveness and ambitions of others. Such men allow themselves to be abused, for which they usually take vengeance at the most unsuitable occasions with redoubled stubbornness and resistance.     
     
... This type, therefore, is uncommonly inaccessible to an objective understanding and he fares no better in the understanding of himself.    
      
...  As a rule, the individual acquiesces in his isolation and in the banality of the reality, which, however, he unconsciously treats archaically.     
      
... His unconscious is distinguished chiefly by the repression of intuition, which thereby acquires an extraverted and archaic character. Whereas true extraverted intuition has a characteristic resourcefulness, and a 'good nose' for every possibility in objective reality, this archaic, extraverted intuition has an amazing flair for every ambiguous, gloomy, dirty, and dangerous possibility in the background of reality.  In the presence of this intuition the real and conscious intention of the object has no significance; it will peer behind every possible archaic antecedent of such an intention. It possesses, therefore, something dangerous, something actually undermining, which often stands in most vivid contrast to the gentle benevolence of consciousness. well it worksobvs, but do you know what is si? lolI think Jung was a Ni-dom, so a nuanced and full understanding of Si was blocked from his own consciousness without him ever realizing it (he's never typed himself) hence this description from him. What he writes is much like a collection of dissatisfied criticisms of what Si appears from the pov of a Ni type, including immersion in what seems like banality and seeming absence of understanding into oneself, but that impression arises bc Ni &amp; Si are conflicting perspectives and one cannot ever grasp the ways of the other.Enneagram Social (SO) instinct is sometimes mistaken for Fe. It's also associated with being socially open and altruistic. The instincts do not correlate with MBTI types - they are a completely separate typology - but some of the traits associated with them are also found in MBTI type stereotypes and thus can create similar superficial impression. Thus Fe or general extraversion and Social instinct are often mistaken from one another. For example, many pop stars will get typed as Fe types of ESFPs where in reality they could be MBTI introverted types with a dominant social instinct. An INFP who is social first can create a surface impression of Fe. You can read more about the instincts from these notes: [The Spiritual Instincts - notes from a workshop](https://www.reddit.com/r/Enneagram/comments/55a4i7/the_spiritual_instincts_notes_from_a_workshop/).
    
When I got started on MBTI what helped me learn about types was spending several weeks in [each type's forum on Personality cafe](http://personalitycafe.com/keirsey-temperament-forums/), reading their discussions, seeing what kind of problems they are facing, observing their communication and writing style. This allowed me to explore the types in their natural setting, in raw so to say, and that has been very helpful as a beginner. I immediately realized that my boss at that time was ENTP, because his style of communication was similar to the ENTP subforum. I eventually transferred to socionics finding out that MBTI is really vague and full of stereotypes, and that it has diverged too far from Jung's original work, while socionics offered a much more reliable and precise way of figuring out people's types and what's more, it went further and put types into social context explaining their social roles, not just individual profiles. Their type profiles that can be found [at Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home#Socionics_Types) have proven to be much more insightful that MBTI ones (they flip last j/p letter for introverts).No, he's IxxP type. Likely ISFP.     
    
He's not wrong though, there are a lot of INFJ mistypes in MBTI communication. We were typing some people posting as INFJs in INFJ Facebook groups and only like 30% of them gave any indication of being actually INFJs. There were lots of Fi-ISFPs in those groups. ISFPs often mistake their tertiary Ni for dominant Ni and mistype as INFJ. There were also ISFJs and ISTJs who believe in stereotypes like being in your head, having dreams, being artistic makes you a Ni dominant and thus proceed to type as INFJs or INTJs. Then there are INFPs and ENFPs who for whichever reason want to believe that they have Ni. The NFP-&gt;NFJ mistype is perhaps the most frequently encountered one.      
    
Forums are a little bit better than Facebook groups in this regard, in that the number of mistypes there is much lower. I think this is due to differences in communication styles. Forums allows for much more in-depth discussion of types, so if anyone has mistyped themselves they eventually come to feel that something is off and start to investigate again and review their self-typing. On Facebook communication tends to be shallow and casual, done for purposes of entertainment and selfies. A lot of nuance and quality information gets lost in this process. This allows people to lounge around in their mistype for years and even decades and never get prodded to recheck their type.


Mine kicked off at 19 but it was really like little seeds of it there, not full steam ahead kind of development. I noticed I started tying out some new things that I previously rejected on basis of auxiliary function (which is in a kind of competition with tertiary since they represent opposite sides of their dichotomy and the E/I one). It gradually ramped up in early 20s but didn't come into full conscious development until mid-20s. Here is [a picture of what you can expect with function development](https://www.pinterest.com/pin/26951297753442527/).   
    
At 16 it is a little too early. My guess is that if you're INFP you may be Ne-INFP and that you're still in process of developing your auxiliary Ne. Auxiliary function is tied to the inferior one, they have to work in conjunction, so whenever your Ne would come out it would also pull your your inferior Te. For this reason Ne-INFPs do start to seem almost like Te-aux types, such as INTJs, and sometimes use similar type of sarcasm. Some info on [INFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_subtypes).It's worth it. I don't think its worth is really apparent until you're like in late 20s or 30s and have had some relationships and life experience behind your back. It's kinda hard to figure out when you're like 16-23 and completely green to life. It offers a much more in depth investigation into types than MBTI, meaning that there's less room to make mistakes in typing someone. MBTI offers only short descriptive profiles and some discussion into cognitive functions, which opens the door wide to mistypings and then you can't really get a good grasp on jungian theory and how it manifests in life.Leading Ti and creative Ne would be LII or INTj.    
    
You can read the profiles for socionics types [on Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home#Socionics_Types) that has perhaps the most complete collection of socionics articles and type descriptions.   
    
If you need more help typing yourself the16types socionics forum has some [typing questionnaires](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/forms.php) that you fill out and submit. You have to log in to see them.Check [your subtype](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_subtypes). Se-ESTPs have reinforced Fe so it's not unusual for them to socially get around. Often ESTP profiles are modeled after ESTP 7s or 8w7s which doesn't describe other enneagram variants so well.Socionics has some descriptions of this: [Communication Styles](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Communication_styles) and [Thinking Styles](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Gulenko_Cognitive_Styles).It's not that visual typing cannot be accurate - it's the people who practice it can misapply it and give you wrong results. Visual typing requires that you first gather a database of accurately typed individuals, then investigate the peculiarities of their expressions and mannerisms and figure out which ones are type related, then be able to diagnose others accurately using this information. Problems start at the very first step - there is no agreement over many typings and no way to guarantee accuracy of typings since MBTI types have never been empirically shown to exist. Typings for the same famous person will vary widely (this can be seen on this very subreddit), which greatly complicates collection of any VI information. There are people who will boast about their skills and advertise their services, but without there being a quality check of any kind how would you know if they actually have any typing skills?         
    
Saying that INFPs and ESFPs are not that different. In Socionics they are part of the same supervision chain, and types on same chain tend to share similarities. I do know an INFP girl who is often compared to one of the ESFP actresses and another INFP who often gets typed as ESFP and ISFP, so if they made a mistake in their visual typing it wasn't that far off.Following your method is how we have all these bogus typing services, each thinking they have "internal consistency" in support of their typings, and each typing people whichever which way with no agreement between themselves. This has been demonstrated to be a failing method over and over again, and nothing that could be relied upon for an accurate evaluation of type.The one under question in the OP that you appear to not have read before replying.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)   

[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   
Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     

[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)        
Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ENFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42485) | [ENFJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4845-ENFj-EIE-Subtypes?p=103981&amp;viewfull=1#post103981)    

[ESFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42479) | [ESFJ subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_subtypes)   
Has more connection to enneagram and instinct stackings. Check to see if you have a [contra-flow stack](http://personalitycafe.com/enneagram-personality-theory-forum/107272-instinctual-variant-relationships.html), like sp/sx - compelled against people:   
    
Contra-flow: sp→sx→so→sp     
Stackings involved: sp/sx→sx/so→so/sp→sp/sx     
Direction: Compelled against people. Seething belligerent outsiders; 'antisocial', provoking, reverse-flow change catalysts. In some profound sense, rejecting the human condition, their own and/or that of others.    
    
And maybe something along the lines of 4-6 core or wing types. 4-5-6 are located at the bottom of the enneagram so their experience of life can be alienating.I saw him being typed as Se-ESTp in socionics and the visual identification part certainly matched an ESTP, so I think you're on the right track with typing him as Se dominant.Sounds like an ENTJ I know who is a "social" 7 in enneagram. This guy probably values Se if he's into all that flashiness - ENTPs don't care, and he's either 3 or 7 in enneagram that's where you get the whole inferiority/superiority complex going. It's actually explained on Wikisocion: [**4 letter codes for MBTI and Socionics**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Type_names#Four-Letter_Type_Codes).   
Most introverts will flip the j/p when converting their type from MBTI to socionics: [**MBTI-Socionics Conversion Polls**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/49750-MBTI-and-Socionics-Type-Conversion-Polls).&gt; Naturally if you poll people who have the two systems entirely conflated in their mind, whose identification with a type is a conflation between the two to begin with;   
    
Except they don't have them "conflated". Your argument rests on your assumption that the hundreds of posters who voted in those [**Socionics-MBTI type conversion polls**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/49750-MBTI-and-Socionics-Type-Conversion-Polls) are weak-minded individuals who are incapable of telling the difference between MBTI and Socionics and cannot understand themselves and their own types. The reality is too different to lend this argument any credence.Type have associated stereotypes that some people fit more than others, so then they become "more like that type" than people who don't fit into them. Not much surprising about this.Read about [**MBTI cognitive functions**](http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/24032-intro-function-theory-more-detailed-descriptions-each-function-attitude.html) and check out things like [**temperaments**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/118-Temperaments), figure out which cognitive set they are using, then you can figure out anyone's type really without testing them. There's also [**type visual identification**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/list.php/category/60-Visual-Identification) (keep in mind socionics flips j/p for introverts from mbti, and introverts only, extroverts keep same).I think they derived that the author's type was ENFP and he mentioned in some interview that holden is very much like himself. Definitely very dreamy idealistic and extroverted so Ne dom fits. Enneagram type 3w4 - he was in "image triad".In socionics they prescribe this to Si, particularly +Si which is dominant function of ISFJ, auxiliary of ESFJ, tertiary of INFP, and inferior of ENFP. Those are the four types that feature +Si. In enneagram it is associated with types 7s &amp; 9, but especially with self-preservation, body-based 9s (SP 9).I've considered ISTJ also, but xSTJ is pretty clear typing for him.That makes sense - much like the ESTJ dual INFP Fi dom. Some of the less healthy ones have this moral high-horsery thing going.[**Identical Relations**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/114-Identical-Relations). You have to check that they are actually your identical. Lots of sensors type into intuitives due to MBTI's pro-intuitive bias so that person who is trying to persuade you of being an ENTP can very well be an ESTJ, ESFJ, or ESTP who has convinced themselves of being an intuitive.Type =/= who someone is. There is no way a type is able to encompass someone's personality so by typing you're not telling anyone who they are. That's a basic MBTI fallacy.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    

[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42483) | [ISTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4440-Discussion-of-LSI-ISTj-Subtypes?p=142621&amp;viewfull=1#post142621)    
Try carefully reading through socionics ENTP/INTJ profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. They are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to settle on type.  
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   
[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42488) | [INTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/15943-INTp-ILI-Subtypes?p=283525&amp;viewfull=1#post283525)    

Also consider that sometimes when someone gets stuck between two types, their type is actually a third one that they haven't considered before.  
Try carefully reading through socionics ENTP/INTP profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. They are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to settle on type.    
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   
[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    
The ones that tend mistype as ENTP and/or INTJ are types like ISTJ, INFP, ENFJ, ESFP, ESTP, and ENTJ - look into these?Based on this type layout I would have predicted that ISFP would try to get closer with ENFP due to them being in a "supervision" relationship in socionics where ISFP is the supervisee and will look up and admire the ENFP. The ENFP will consider the ISFP to be an interesting person but the interest will be asymmetrical ([**ENFP friendship matches**](http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890)). The ISFP would be least closer to the INFP, since these are "kindred" relations for them and kindred relations lack a certain spark and sometimes turn into walking on eggshells kind of deal ([**ISFP friendship matches**](http://personalitycafe.com/isfp-articles/288-love-types-isfp-11.html#post22271698)). The INFP would take most interest in ENFJ but not invest completely. These are contrary relations where one's contrary type reminds one distantly of one's dual, thus ENFJ has some similar ways of behaving to INFP's dual the ESTJ. The ENFJ and ISFP would connect over Se/Ni topics and their relationship would be relatively comfortable and relaxed since these are "mirage" relations. There are a few rl stories linked from this page: [**Duality References**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Duality_observations). I'd say I've found that may be only 20% of my duals are compatible with me. Many are incompatible due to lack of common interests/unshared goals and values in life/incompatible enneagram and instinct types, and so on, so if you have found a dual that is a great match for you consider yourself to be lucky!Musk is ISTP imo, he's an ST manager. The media portrays him differently but if you listen to his interviews he describes himself as very concrete-object oriented person.Carl Jung's [**Psychological Types**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types) text is a good reference for reading up on cognitive functions.Check your enneagram type. You might be type 3 or 9. Both types have a tendency to become dependent on other people for love and validation. The trick is to learn to find it from within yourself.     
Types 3-6-9 are called "attachment" types for that reason - they attach themselves to other people.There are short easy-to-understand descriptions of cognitive functions if you scroll down this page: [**MBTI Cognitive Functions**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/39944-MBTI-Cognitive-Functions-descriptions-from-various-sources) and if you have time go to the original source of MBTI and read through [Carl Jung's Chapter 10 of Psychological types](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types).Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   

[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   

Might head to /r/ISFJ and /r/ISTJ to ask that question. Here is the original description by Carl Jung, however, Si was not one of his strong functions, so he has described it as an outsider recording his observations of Si dominant people: [**Introverted Sensing - Si**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types#The_Introverted_Sensation_Type)No, I know Ne users whose minds jump to worst case scenarios as dose my own sometimes despite being Ni dominant. Inferior Ni is always present in the way a person thinks and acts, stressful situation or not, whatever it is that is happening it doesn't matter - inferior Ni always there and not situation dependent.   
Most often I see it as a propensity to assume some grand pattern from small amount of information that is really inadequate to draw a conclusion. So for example an ESTP observes a person do something two times and then concludes something about their intentions and character from those two observations. Since the ESTP didn't care to make more observations and gather more "data" these estimations of motivations and character traits become too inaccurate, linear, and simplistic. It's like gathering two points and then drawing a straight line thought them and saying "Aha! This is the pattern" whereas if they could gather more points they would see 3rd and 4th nad 5th point that don't fit on the line, and that the line is really a much more complicated curve, but that's how inferior Ni is.I never receive it either, 90% in my childhood was criticisms and very little understanding, but I did not grow up craving to be validated. The source is not only your upbringing - there is something that is making you crave it that much from within. That's impossible. You're literally saying everyone around you has been a horrible person and has never been supportive. Much more likely you did receive validation and support - but you have chosen to ignore or dismiss it. This would indicate that you have some emotional or mental deviation or a personality disorder and MBTI types are not going to help with this.Most likely - their [socionics supervisors](http://personalitycafe.com/isfp-articles/288-love-types-isfp-11.html#post22271698) ENFPs and [benefactors](http://personalitycafe.com/isfp-articles/288-love-types-isfp-11.html#post22271698) ISTJs. Their dual type ENTJ can also have a sway.   
Generally, ISFPs have an easier time reading ENTJs and INTJs and responding to them appropriately, since they have all cog functions in common and are in same quadra. They have a harder time reading their supervisor and benefactor Delta types ENFP and ISTJ, while also having a tendency to put those two types on a bit of a pedestal. This can create situations where ISFPs get led on and manipulated. On an occasion I've seen an INTJ confuse an INFP for an ISFP and wonder why they are dragging along with most of what the INTJ says not realizing that the this is an INFP and their beneficiary.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42488) | [INTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/15943-INTp-ILI-Subtypes?p=283525&amp;viewfull=1#post283525)    
[ISTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42481) | [ISTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4964-ISTp-SLI-Subtypes?p=105487&amp;viewfull=1#post105487)       
It took me 2 minutes to create one. All depends on how dedicated they are and whether they think 2 minutes is worth reading another set of descriptions about their type.It's socionics DCNH subtypes: [**DCNH subtypes by Vera Borisova: Dominant, Creative, Normalizing, Harmonizing**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/29737-DCNH-subtypes-by-Vera-Borisova-Dominant-Creative-Normalizing-Harmonizing)If you had the links why didn't you post them up? xD those were the links I had bookmarked.idk, maybe NIt's considered to be "supervision" relationship by socionics, where INFJ is supervisor to ESFJ: [**INFJ relationships w/ other types**](http://personalitycafe.com/infj-articles/275-love-types-infj-12.html#post10082378)It's kind of difficult to find a healthy middle ground. ENTP and INTJ have no cognitive functions in common, which makes things complicated in a relationship. They basically distantly remind each other of their ideal "dual" match - ESFP for INTJ and ISFJ for ENTP - but that semblance is short-lived and fleeting. Their relationship is called "contrary" or "extinguishment" in socionics:    
[**ENTP relationship types**](http://personalitycafe.com/entp-articles/281-love-types-entp-11.html#post10020698) and [**INTJ relationship types**](http://personalitycafe.com/intj-articles/412-intj-relationships-10.html#post3846707).ty wikisocion is such a nightmare to navigate, did they add these recently? Not according to socionics. They pair types on basis of cognitive functions lined up in reverse order, which creates a "yin-yang" kind of relationship of complimentary opposites called [**Duality**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Duality). If you look at ENTP's functions the only type out of 16 that has exact same ones lined up in reverse is the ISFJ, so that is ENTP's ideal aka "dual" match according to them. Duals are subconsciously very similar to each other and find it easy to work together, having same functions they value very similar things in life, so this is their recommended type for marriage and long-term relationships.He is [Se-ESTP](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978) but due to MBTI shallow stereotyping of types any leader or CEO lands on ENTJ typing, which is ridiculous. anyone who spends months geeking out on MBTI is on the spectrumTry carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)   

[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   
An ESFJ friend does. He works for a small firm that schedules medium to large sized camping trips for adults in northwest states, mostly does advertisement for them, but also plenty of camping over the summer. May be that's why INTPs and ESFJs are considered to be duals ie ideal partners for each other in socionics xDYeah, Harris is an ENTP, [the logical Ti-subtype](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_subtypes#Logical_subtype_Ti-ENTp_.28Ti-ILE.29).    
As for Peterson most had him typed as TiNe type i.e. INTP in socionics - [**Poll &amp; discussion**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/49997-Jordan-Peterson).He has [casual-determinist style of thinking](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Gulenko_Cognitive_Styles#Causal-Determinist_Cognition) and only 4 types out of 16 have this. His everything is determined is a consequence of his determinist thinking. This pretty much proves that he is not an INTJ and makes both ENTP and ISTP credible options as these two types have that same style of thinking.
    
This is the problem with typing in MBTI - it doesn't look into underlying cognitive processes of types even though cognitive functions is what the types were based on in the first place, thus mistypes are rampant while with soconics you can easily figure out that Harris doesn't match INTJ's cognitive style and can't be that type.that guy is ESFP but close xDTry carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ESFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42479) | [ESFJ subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_subtypes)   
[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   
If you're in enneagram competence triad, which are types 1,3,5, you can act similar to a thinker and get mistyped as such. 6w5 is another type that gets mistaken for a T.    
From [**Enneagram in 5 minutes**](http://www.fitzel.ca/enneagram/harmonics.html): "People whose dominant Harmonic approach is the Competency approach try solving problems in an objective, unemotional manner. Unlike people of the reactive approach, they don't get worked up when problems happen, they remain cool and emotionally detached from them. When confronted by a problem, these types have issues on working within a framework or structure."    
INFJ 1s are quite common - this is where the crusader for social issues INFJ stereotype originates from.

Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   
Check if these are your socionics "supervisors". Supervisees tend to put their supervisors on a pedestal and are almost like the easiest type for the supervisor to seduce. For INFP these are ESFPs, for ISFP these are ENFPs. In case you're fallen into a pattern of falling for your supervisors yeah it's better to keep as casual friends: [**ISFP types in relationships**](http://personalitycafe.com/isfp-articles/288-love-types-isfp-11.html#post22271698) &amp; [**INFP types in relatinoships**](http://personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882)Same comment a for OP, check if these are you socionics "supervisor" types.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    
[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42488) | [INTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/15943-INTp-ILI-Subtypes?p=283525&amp;viewfull=1#post283525)    
I'll stalk a little mostly for cool and original pics that people post on their profiles that are hard to come by elsewhere, that I save in my pinterest, but stalking their lives is too boring for me - it's their life, not my own, and wasting so many hours checking up on someone else life while paying zero attention to my own seems like a misdirected waste of effort.Socionics j/p letters don't represent same thing they do in MBTI and end up being reversed for introverted types (this doesn't affect extroverts). So for example if you're INFP in MBTI chances are you'll be INFj in socionics. More info: [**4-letter codes MBTI vs Socionics**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Type_names#Four-Letter_Type_Codes)     
ESTj is supervisor for ISFp but ISFp is their [Si+Fe type](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEI) which in MBTI is ISFJ.Sure, it's totally worth figuring out your intertypes! There are more tests on this page - [socionics tests](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/44742-Socionics-Tests).&gt; Is this common among this community? I don't want to hear an "opposites attract" quotation or cliche... I'm curious to hear your experiences.     
    
It's relatively common - that's where the stereotypes and cliches comes from lol. The introverted logical types IxTx's are said to have a [**"cold-blooded" style of communication**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Communication_styles) which is complemented by the opposite style of communication called "passionate", the extraverted-feelery style of extraverted feeling types ExFx, thus feeling an attraction to each other's ways of being and communicating is common for both IxTx and ExFx types (similar thing happens between IxFx and ExTx types). However, the relationship between INTP and ENFP is that of ["supervision"](http://personalitycafe.com/intp-articles/282-love-types-intp-20.html#post10020018), which is often encouraging at the start and from a distance but is rather difficult to work out in the long term. "Supervision" relationships have a tendency to fall apart in a few months to a few years, and supervision marriages are prone to divorces. Since there isn't full complementarity in these relations (the INTP will never receive their inferior Fe from ENFP, and ENFP will never get the Te that they crave from the INTP) it's generally not recommended in socionics. Nevertheless, since MBTI types don't dictate everything about compatibility, this shouldn't be taken as a prescription to never ever give it a try. There is a small number of successful supervision unions out there, and even if a relationship dissolves it could still provide some great memories.He is ISFP 4 sp/sx. I have a friend who is INFJ 4 sp/sx who relates to him a ton. She types him into her own type, however.It's due to incorrect stereotypes that links things like being a visionary and seeing the big picture to introverted intuition, Ni, and sometimes to extroverted intuition, Ne. Since sensing types have Ni/Ne as their tertiary and inferior "weaker" functions people describe sensors as being incapable of seeing the "big picture" and engaging in abstraction. Thus in MBTI communities you'll often seen any scientist, entrepreneur/visionary, or inventor typed into NT of NF types. Proposing a sensing type for them is akin to committing an MBTI blasphemy. I've heard INFJ+INTP being labeled the "golden pair". There is even a facebook group for INFJs and INTPs in relationships that exists under that name. Personally I think socionics has gotten it right and the "golden pair" for each type is the type that has exact same functions but in reverse order - aka the [duality type](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/17-Duality-Descriptions-Meged-Ovcharov). It creates a very interesting interaction where what you subconsciously need the most the other person can provide in abundance resulting in a long-lasting feeling of satisfaction of being in a relationship with them.Benefit relations aren't that poor. They certainly aren't "unhealthy", as they carry an important constructive role in socionics and both people involved as usually aware of their significance on some level. Benefit is also a rather common relation among friends. Where approaching your dual is difficult since there is a huge gap of interests between you, approaching a benefactor or beneficiary and striking up a friendship is quite common since you share a lot more in common with them.Could be Fi-ISFP. Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)        
[INFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42491) | [INFJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/44198-IEI-INFp-Subtypes?p=40033&amp;viewfull=1#post40033)    


Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   
It's the ISFP, the one and only type that has exact same functions as ENTJ but in reverse order. ISFPs and ENTJs are virtually the yin and yang of each other.    
ENTJ - [Te, Ni, Se, Fi] &lt;-ISFP from this end    
ISFP - [Fi, Se, Ni, Te] &lt;-ENTJ from this end   
If you want to read more about this match, there are some detailed duality descriptions on this forum [**ENTJ love type matches**](http://personalitycafe.com/entj-articles/280-love-types-entj-12.html#post20825162) and more discussions happening at the [Gamma quadrant section](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/forumdisplay.php/12-Gamma-Quadra) (the ISFP is called ESI or ISFj in socionics). ESFJs are in [benefit relations with ESTPs according to socionics](http://www.personalitycafe.com/estp-articles/289-love-types-estp-5.html#post10023554), which is ranked as above average relationship type. Benefit is very common combination of types for friendship, since "benefit" types find it easy to meet each other and often have shared interests. Several ESTPs I've met had ESFJ besties. Why this isn't written about? No idea. MBTI doesn't offer a sophisticated analysis of relationships between types, because they don't want to upset people that some matches are more common and compatible than others (and lose customers, since MBTI has turned into a business), so most MBTI sources revert to a pc mantra of "Any types can get along if both people are healthy" when in reality cognitive functions do influence level of understanding and attraction between even very healthy people.    
For a more nuanced explanation of ESTP intertypes I'd recommend spending a few evenings reading about socionics at [Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home).Consider that most of socionics researchers, and people who wrote the type profiles, have been Ne/Si types. Aushra, the founder of Socionics - ILE, Gulenko - LII, Beskova - IEE, Filatova - EII, Meged &amp; Ovcharov - IEE and SLI. Beta quadrant types are nearly absent from having their voice in the development of socionics, and Gamma socionists are very few. Ne-Si types are the most prevalent in socionics community, and from their subjective point of view they perceive Se as being intrusive and controlling in some way that deeply irks them. Hence they came to associate Se with control, power, and whatever else MBTI usually associated with ENTJs. I've noticed that the types of people who insist on propagating Se as being some menacing function of world domination, prestige and unbridled ambition, have been EIIs and LIIs, who have Se as their PoLR, so they are writing about the element they understand least about and in their eyes it turns into something it never was. They are also copiously present in socionics communities and have enough time on their hands to generate oodles of posts on how Se = aggression and whatever other negative bewildering thing that gets associated with the perception of the PoLR function.
    It's [semi-duality relationship going by socionics](http://www.personalitycafe.com/esfp-articles/290-love-types-esfp-3.html#post3910962), which is considered to be above average match. This is as far as types will take you - the rest depends on the individuals involved and their personal quirks and values.I find it easy to tell them apart using socionics Reinin dichotomies: ENTJ is dynamic, positivist type with "democratic" inclinations, while ESTP is static, negativist type with aristocratic preferences. Once you hang out a little with both and have a bit of conversation it becomes easy to differentiate them using these traits. ENTJ speech is more like a flow of events, anecdotes, happenings (dynamic type) while ESTP speech is more like short static statements, which some SLE descriptions interpret as being "commands". ESTPs also tend to be more mistrustful and standoffish than ENTJs in communication due to combination of negativist and aristocratic traits, as well as weak Feeling and Intuitive functions.    
   
If you want to learn to tell similar types apart, like benefit, look-alikes, and quasi-identicals, study the [**Reinin dichotomies**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Reinin_dichotomies#Overview) and figure out how they find expression in speech and behavior.I've seen a few ENFPs mistyping as ESFPs. They are usually enneagram type 7, the adventurer-visionary-experiencer type, and they mistake their 7-ness for being a Se dominant type as the descriptions of Se and type 7 overlap to a significant degree. Same thing happens with ENTP 7s mistyping as ESTPs.No, most don't fall into this mistype but the likelihood of it rises for type 7.Very common for F men to test as Ts because like to think of themselves as being logical, so they answer test questions that lead them to test as STs and NTs. MBTI test in general have a lowish accuracy and give correct type only in 50-70% of cases, depending on quality of the test.There isn't one, sorry. A good approach to is to read about cognitive functions from sources like [Jung's Chapter 10 on Psychological types](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types) and other websites and learn how these functions get expressed for any given type. It's a long road to travel but this is the only one I know that yields results so far.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   

[ESFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42477) | [ESFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_subtypes)    
&gt; According to the internet, INTJ's, which I am, and INFP's actually get along quite well and compliment each other.    
    
Maybe you haven't been looking up accurate sources about intertype relations. INFPs are in [benefit relations with INTJs](http://www.personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882), where INTJ plays the role of benefactor. This type of relationships is common but it is far from ideal. Try dating types with strong Se and extraverts for a change.     
I've seen female INFPs cling onto male INTJs and be super supportive and admiring many times, but this can be annoying to the INTJ who is seeking more of an equal.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ISFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42482) | [ISFJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/12873-SEI-ISFp-Subtypes-Discussion?p=777831&amp;viewfull=1#post777831)    

[ISTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42481) | [ISTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4964-ISTp-SLI-Subtypes?p=105487&amp;viewfull=1#post105487)       
Have you tried reading Jung's descriptions of functions in [**Chapter 10 of Psychological Types**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types)? He describes them as dominant attitudes, which is helpful is figuring out your first function and from there you can narrow down your type.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.   

[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42488) | [INTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/15943-INTp-ILI-Subtypes?p=283525&amp;viewfull=1#post283525)    
[ENTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42486) | [ENTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/46746-LIE-ENTj-subtypes?p=138234&amp;viewfull=1#post138234)    
The majority of posters in alt-right leaning groups on Facebook are either introverted logical types IxTx such as ISTJs and INTPs, or socionics "alpha" quadrant types like ISFJ and ENTP. There are also a few ENFPs and ESTPs in these groups, and almost no ENTJs and ESFPs there. The alt-right movement in Canada has very strong Alpha quadrant backing, which is not surprising because Alpha is one of the most socially conservative quadrants (Si+Fe).    
    
There is something about Si that makes it be materially and physically conservative, as in not welcoming hoards of immigrants and foreigners to your country who are risk overloading social services and depleting the budget, which places a direct hit on Si, so it happens for Si dominant/valuing types to take the ultra-conservative approach to such issues which the media dubs as being "alt-right".It's Fi in combination with intuition. Gives you a sense that you alone define what being a "decent and respectable" person is like, hence it's introverted judgement.    
    
[About Fi in INFPs:](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Duality_Relations_INFj_and_ESTj_by_Stratiyevskaya#7._EII._Realizing_his_.22right_to_correction.22.)   
    
"... As part of his widely reaching and mass-imposed "program" of ethics of relations +Fi, the EII as any ethical aristocrat attributes meaning to the rituals and outward manifestations of what is appropriate in his circle, and proceeds to direct his partner to comply with them. He may ask questions of the type: "Have you replied to his email/letter? Have you called her and asked her if we could come visit?" – and make other statements, depending on his personal ethical program. The age of his partner and his level of education here are not important. What is significant for the EII is the level of deviation from his own ethical program and the opportunity opening up before himself to raise it, to elevate the ethical demands and norms, to "whip" the person into rising up to meet them. The EII's own ethical "program" function +Fi impels him or her towards this – **it is a program of unlimited ethical evolution and improvement**.    
     
**There is another motive that urges the EII to correct the behavior of people around him**: for the EII as for any ethical-aristocratic type, it is imperative to exercise his "right to correction". And who grants him this right? As any "aristocrat", the EII assumes that he has such a right intrinsically. The "right to ethical correction" is an instinctive program of all aristocratic types which allows them to build relations of subordination, to psychologically dominate their partners, to willfully assert their superiority over a person or group of people, and if necessity arises to terrorize their partner with constant supervision and control of how well he complies with the mien of their circle.    
     
Therefore, even if the partner tries to behave impeccably, the EII won't miss a chance to find fault with something and start to hassle him with his accusations and reprimands. He will fault him in having too mean or too loud a tone - or vice versa, speaking too quietly, such that the neighbors "can't hear his greetings". EII might find fault with the lexicon of his partner and will correct and straighten him on every occasion that presents itself: "Don't say this, this isn't the right expression or word, or this is too mean-spirited or unfitting to say."

The EII makes such amendments in order to realize his EGO - program: to push his partner towards higher ethical requirements, to continually assert his own superiority over his partner and dominate him, and to retain advantageous positions to himself.No, it's a real thing. In my 5+ years of involvement with typology communities I've seen a lot more Ne valuing people mistyping as Ni types, and sometimes pretending to be those Ni types for years, than it happens the other way around. There are a lot more mistyped INFPs and ENFPs in INFJ groups, for example, than INFJs thinking that they are NFPs in the NFP groups.     
     
It is harder to explain why this happens in MBTI communities. In socionics at least it is more apparent why Ne/Si people prefer to type as Se/Ni: Se is the primary function of "Decisive" quadra, so valuing Se is being assertive, direct, able to stand up for yourself, while Si is associated with being passive-aggressive and weak, thus there is a constant influx of "Judicious" i.e. Si/Ne quadra mistypes into the "Decisive" Se/Ni valuing ones.I'm just posting what I've seen so far. I've discovered relatively few Ni types in these groups relative to Si ones. There were only a few INFJs there, all male, and a few ENFJs and INTJs, and a lot more NTPs. Not sure how serious ENTPs are about alt-right issues or whether they are just looking for hot topics to debate online.  The stats they ran in socionics show that for marriage it's usually the case of opposites attract: [duality, activity, and semi-duality accounted for 43% of marriages](https://i.imgur.com/3zOMLXG.png) (for ESFJ these types would be INTP-dual, ENTP-activity, and ISTP-semidual [chart](http://www.personalitycafe.com/esfj-articles/286-love-types-esfj-5.html#post2410804)) while same type unions are next to nowhere to be found - both identity and kindred, that's the one with same first function, accounted for merely 2% of unions ([Type &amp; Intertype Statistics](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Socionics_Type_and_Intertype_Relations_Statistics_by_Filatova)). But as someone has already stated each relationship has its purpose so if you find that you get along well with someone - I wouldn't avoid them solely on basis of their type. With romantic relationships it is usually obvious within 3-5 months if there is any chemistry and ease in communication, or if it's going to be hard haul ahead.Sounds like ESTP, but just to make sure look into neighboring types like ISTP, ESFP, and ENTP. Even if those are not your types you might spot them among your friends and people you talk to. These are socionics profiles that are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)   
[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42483) | [ISTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4440-Discussion-of-LSI-ISTj-Subtypes?p=142621&amp;viewfull=1#post142621)    

[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   

[ESFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42477) | [ESFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_subtypes)    

&gt; I find that it sucks we don't have much time to live, at least I wish I had more time to live and have more than 24hours everyday so I could study many things, have many jobs, practice an instrument, go to the gym, go for a ride etc.   
     
I've had that thought many times but I guess it's a sacrifice we make to evolution. If we lived any longer, our species would be less flexible adapting to our changing environment. If anything we'd benefit from shortening our lifespan but becoming super effective in maturing, learning, and accomplishing everything in the shorter time that we had. That would probably be optimal rather than living 200 years.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ESFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42479) | [ESFJ subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_subtypes)   
[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   


There is another hint is that INTPs are in [dual relations with ESFJs, while in supervision relations with ENFPs](http://www.personalitycafe.com/intp-articles/282-love-types-intp-20.html#post10020018). If your sister is an ESFJ you'll intrinsically feel like you have a lot more in common, while if she is an ENFP you'll find yourself baffled by her refusal to use any Ti ever, which is a PoLR aka ["point of least resistance"](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Functions#Vulnerable_function) function for an ENFP.    
 
In general I'd recommend spending a few evenings reading up on socionics - it will greatly improve your accuracy in typing your family members and friends.&gt; im wondering if it explains why someone has a really bad hard-on for their Ignoring type   
    
If you mean "contrary/extinguishment" type by Ignoring type then it has much more to do with [cognitive styles](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Gulenko_Cognitive_Styles#Dialectical-Algorithmic_Cognition) than subtypes. EIE/ENFj has same cognitive style as LSE/ESTj thus some of their behaviors and habits become similar, which is what makes EIIs or MBTI INFPs chase after ENFJs even though ENFJ's dominant function of Fe is INFP's ignoring one. This is also what makes INFJs aka IEIs become interested in their "constary" partners IEEs/ENFps, because ENFP has same thinking style as INFJ's dual the ESTP - static, negativist, result holographic-panoramic which is what psychologically makes the ENFP resemble the ESTP and then INFJs flock to them. If you stick around MBTI communities you'll see plenty of blogs and articles that advertise ENFJ as ideal partner for INFP and ENFP for INFJ. While the people who write them have little idea why there is seemingly an attraction between these types, the answer is lodged in that cog style article.   
    
Outside of that, there are more personality typologies besides Jungian ones ie MBTI and Socionics, and these typologies also feature a variety of intertypes that also create various attractive and repulsive factors between people. Both enneagram and instinct stackings have their own intertypes. These additional typologies dilute socionics intertypes thus you'll see people in less-than-favorable socionics relationships, like extinguishment or supervision, even obsessed with the other person, or their relationship being a degree better of what socionics predicted for them, and it's often dictated by other psychological factors that MBTI/Soc types do not account for.That's not Fe. That's generic positive small talk you'll see in Western societies and it irritates the heck out of me too. Because it's sugary and disingenuous. I see Fi types do this as well, INFPs included, and usually girls and women who want to keep in positive relations with everyone and have as many friends as possible. So they are all rainbows and sunshine, but there's usually nothing but pretense behind it and their need to keep a positive image of themselves.           
     
If anything it has to do whether someone chooses to be polite and agreeable, which leads them to say nice things other people want to hear which aren't necessarily true, or whether they choose to be truthful and frank, but run the risk of losing their relationships. As someone who always errs on the frank side, the agreeable sugary people have always baffled me and left me feeling like they were insincere and unreliable. I think other sugary people can relate to them better, while I usually relate better to other frank people: [**School of Life Polite vs Frank Video**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BESJqphtp2U)Some of the stackings discussion is [here](http://www.personalitycafe.com/enneagram-personality-theory-forum/107272-instinctual-variant-relationships.html) and there was another thread that went into it in more detail. I don't have many enneagram bookmarks on this laptop, but if you visit enneagram section on PerC and /r/Enneagram and do some site searches you'll find the relationship discussions. Oh, and there is also [this study](http://www.9types.com/writeup/enneagram_relationships.php) that shows matches are *not* random between enneagram types.   
     Well I know at least two INFP girls who do this, so this is definitely not Fe. Made me keep a certain distance with them and not believe everything they say, as this superficial sugarcoating to keep in positive relations made them too unreliable as friends.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   
Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   
Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   
This is mostly Ti. You might want to read about [**Beta Quadrant**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/446-Beta-Quadra-The-Complex-of-Subservience-by-Stratiyevskaya) of which ESTP is part of (called SLE in socionics).The site you want to bookmark and read, when you have some free evenings, is [**Wikisocion**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home). That looks like a socionics personality test, so if you want explanation to some of their terminology read up on that site - e.g. [Model A covered](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Model_A), [Information elements](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Information_elements), and [Functions of Model A](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Functions).It's because functions aren't ranked by their strength but by their roles. 1st function isn't the strongest one for auxiliary function subtypes. So if your type is [Te-INTJ](https://www.reddit.com/r/intj/comments/8134q3/which_subtype_of_intj_are_you_intuitive_or_logical/) or [Ti-ESTP](https://www.reddit.com/r/estp/comments/80rz1y/which_subtype_of_estp_are_you_sensory_or_logical/) you would score high on Te/Ti possibly on same level of even higher than the base function.South Korea has been at a huge influence of the West. I've spent 6 months living there and the Western investment and influence have been enormous factors for their high economic rise in the 80s ad 90s. It's a country where like every other child speaks English and you get paid $2,000-3,000 a month simply for teaching language skills.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     
You might want to read type [**Type Erotic Styles**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/101-Erotic-Attitudes) and [**Sexual and Romantic Behavior going by subtype**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/441-Romantic-Sexual-Behavior-of-Quadras-and-Subtypes)Quite to the opposite of what you say, as I've been born and raised in the East and having to move West the culture is, well, as many of my compatriots say "Fake" here. I've known at least two of people who had to move back due to this Western fakeness in relationships. Your fakeness comes from your Western attitude of business and money being above everything else, so your regular type smiles and acts friendly at long as you're profiteering. This is has become so ingrained into your bloodstream and attitude that you don't even notice it anymore. Unfortunately there are Easterners who have adopted your attitudes of money and power above everything else, and "give it to me straight" pressuring attitudes when it comes to closing a beneficial deal, but quite fortunately the traditional culture is still flourishing to provide a barrier to what you represent. Oh lord I'm being frank again.Personal experiences aren't assumptions, but nice attempt to discount my experiences and gaslight.Yeah that's manipulative enough for sure. There's really no sense talking to you as you twist anything you read. I'm out. Have a good day.Yeah that's not true at all. NTPs are intellectually curious in general and prone to seek self-insight, which is how you have so many ENTPs and INTPs in MBTI communities in the first place.That's the reason that Trump is an ESTP - despite the liberal media being so much against him, he just burned right through the negativity and scandals they threw at him and went right for  presidency. That's that kind of mindset.Gulenko overuses social stereotypes in his typings. That's where I tend to disagree with him. There is also the observation that Trump has been presented in a kinder, more personable light in eastern european news sources that didn't want to see the old cold war restart again. Americans got a harsher image of him.lol he'll be alrightSi is the PoLR function of ENFJ. PoLR stands for [**"point of least resistance"**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Functions#Vulnerable_function). It's basically the most vulnerable spot in the psyche of any type and every type has a PoLR. This is the reason you get unsettled in presence of people who exhibit strong Si - it is kind of an automatic psychological safeguard that is designed to keep you at distance from those who could put undue pressure on your psyche.     
     
With ISTJs things are simpler. ENFJs are in "conflict" relations with them ([ENFJ relationships with other types](http://www.personalitycafe.com/enfj-articles/279-love-types-enfj-12.html#post3833685)), which aren't really conflict but are characterized by keeping a respectful distance from each other. ISTJ has Fe PoLR, which dominant function of ENFJ so they are likewise will feel nervous around you (though as ISTJs they may not show it).      
    
With ISFJs things are difficult for the ENFJ because they are your ["supervisor" type](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/78-Supervision-relations). While they can put pressure on your Si PoLR, they don't feel a pushback coming from you, so they are always in a psychologically stronger position as far as your types go (on personal and social levels that may differ). So your current ISFJ roommate happens to be your "supervisor" and that is the reason you feel so foolish around her.      
       
How to fix this: Accept it for what it is - every type has a PoLR and has to deal with "supervision" relations. This one happens to be yours. Relate to people as to human beings. Don't overly occupy yourself with types and functions. MBTI types are a small part of a much larger picture of human interactions and it's possible to have positive relations with people who express your polr on regular personal level. Basic decency, self-respect, kindness go a much longer way than whatever intertypes your MBTI types predict for you.    
    
Edit: Forgot to add that PoLR function is too sensitive in teens and early 20s. As you get older, you'll get a better understanding and handle of it, and maybe even develop an appreciation. Usually people who are 30+ don't feel as klutzy with it.the function of PTSD? ;p you'll never be the same having been lodged in with your supervisor!!haha!!sdkjfkd guaranteed attention grabber I did get an impression of a Ne-type, just because Ni types don't discount the past as irrelevant - that's how we learn!     
    
&gt; I told her that the past is irrelevant, I care about the future.    

Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    

[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42483) | [ISTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4440-Discussion-of-LSI-ISTj-Subtypes?p=142621&amp;viewfull=1#post142621)    

[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     
Most often I've seen actual ESFJs getting mistyped into ENTPs, especially when male (and into ENFPs/ENFJs/INFJs if they are female). I think this happens due to inherent pro-intuitive and anti-sensor bias that exists in MBTI communities, so whenever someone has sensor friends they go "no! they cannot be sensors! they are spontaneous and creative and have ideas!" and retype them into some intuitive type. So the picture in MBTI communities get persistently skewed away from sensing towards idealization of intuition.     
      
Try reading these descriptions to learn how to tell those types apart. They are socionics ones and so are more detailed than MBTI, making it easier to tell types apart:    
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   

[ESFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42479) | [ESFJ subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_subtypes)   
 yepHe's [LSI-Se](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_subtypes#Sensory_subtype_Se-ISTj_.28Se-LSI.29) in socionics which would make him ISTP-Se in MBTI. You're right that he displays a lot of Se, but it's not the ESTP type of Se. As far as taking some time off and just plotting and thinking things over there was a post in ESTP sub about this so this doesn't really make him into ENTJ.     

In socionics LSIs are said to have [causal-determinist style of thinking](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Gulenko_Cognitive_Styles#Causal-Determinist_Cognition), which means that they try to preplan and predict actions. Here is something that was posted by an LSI guy, which sounds a lot like what Conor is saying about his mental process:    

"I see flashes of instantaneous understanding of the cause and effect of every possible action I could take at that very moment, and I choose extremely quickly which one is the best choice." - LSI     
"There is like a flowchart in my mind. Every single possible if-then statement is recorded and stored in my brain and I have an amazing memory for it. My plans for the future can be written in C++ format if I wanted. (If I get this job, I will stay for 6 months. Else I will find a new job &amp; work on my real estate liscence simultaneously). When I was younger, interacting with people was a huge flowchart for me, because I had no emotional intelligence (and it is debatable if I still do). I would make a complete flowchart in my mind so I could control the interaction and know exactly how a person was going to react so I wouldn't get my feelings hurt. For example, I would plan an entire interaction in my mind, "I'm going to say "hi, how are you?" her possible responses will be: nothing, something non-commital, and something engaging. If the person says nothing, I will try again and stop conversation if they don't respond. If the person says something non-committal, I'll leave. If the person says something engaging, I will start such-and-such topics of conversation with him or her: X, Y, Z." - LSICould be tertiary Si that needs that concreteness in combination with dominant Ti. I've heard an INTP girl say she converted from Christianity to Islam because in Islam things aren't up to interpretation, and she wanted to have that sense of solidness (Si) and singular explanation (Ti).If you want a general outline, the relationship between INFJ and INTP is that of "benefit" and with ESTJ that of "conflict", which is further described in these links: [**INFJs &amp; relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infj-articles/275-love-types-infj-12.html#post10082378)I think the answers you seek lie somewhere in realm of psychology, neurology as well as spirituality and religion. Identifying as INFJ doesn't help with this. You might also look into Enneagram and try to figure out your type. It is usually type 6 that has issues with fear stimulated overthinking.Ti PoLR perhaps that they try to cover up with Fi. So if they make some logical mistake it bothers them so much, but they can't really understand why, so they attempt to explain it via Fi eg "I felt that way".Socionics points out that demonstrative function (this is e/i revere of auxiliary one) is 4-dimensional so that makes it one of the most "capacious" if not strongest functions in a type's psyche. For ISTP this function is Si. Since this function is well developed for both ISTP and ISTJ it's shouldn't be used as orientation point for typing: both types have a developed version of it. Instead you should look into things like the inferior function: ISTJs seek out Ne, while ISTPs seek Fe guidance for their inferior, with Ne vs. Fe being easy to tell apart.    
    
Some reference sources to read through:   
[**Function Dimensionality**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Dimensionality)    
[**ISTP use of Si**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_by_Stratiyevskaya#8th_Function_-_Si_Introverted_sensing) and [**part 2**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_LSI_composite#8._Introverted_Sensing), [**part 3**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Introverted_sensing#as_a_demonstrative_.288th.29_function_.28LSI_and_ESI.29)    
[**Characteristics of demonstrative function**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Functions#Demonstrative_function) vs. [**characteristic of leading function**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Functions#Leading_function)The [**socionics stats**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Socionics_Type_and_Intertype_Relations_Statistics_by_Filatova) show that the distribution of types in population is roughly equal, and that there are no special snowflake types. This does support their theory of duality, as if there are dual "ideal" match types for any given type that it wouldn't make sense for one dual to be 0.3% of population with the other type constituting 12%.   
      
In both communities from what I've seen introverted intuitives are overrepresented on the internet. This overrepresentation is greater in MBTI communities than socionics ones, due to MBTI prevalence of intuitive bias that socionics has more or less managed to mitigate. The stats done over at Personality Cafe forum showed that something like 18% of the population there typed as INFP while INTP, INFJ, and INTJ were the next runner ups, making INxx types be close to 40% of total forum population, while ESxx types were nowhere to be seen. In real life those stats are very likely different, with a higher prevalence of ESxx types. It's a case of "supervision" where ESFP is the "supervisor" type and INFP is the "supervisee". Supervisees tend to put their supervisors up on a pedestal and get really attracted and attached to them, while supervisors think their supervisees are interesting but somehow lacking. It's an asymmetric relationship type. You can read more about supervision in these links: [**INFP relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882) and [**ESFP relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/esfp-articles/290-love-types-esfp-3.html#post3910962)A lot of that is Fe and extraversion - mimicking the values and emotions of others instead of paying attention to your own. I'd also recommend looking into enneagram types. Some types have a greater tendency to abandon themselves in service of others to which extent they also start to  mimic others and take on their values, ultimately discovering that this is unsatisfactory to them and that they start losing themselves. ENFJs and INTPs are in relations of Semi-Duality, which are considered to be overall positive, however one of the biggest banes of this relationship type is the tertiary function, which is sensing for both of you. ENFJs and INTPs also have a different set of quadral values, ENFJ being Beta while INTP being Alpha. You can read more about ENFJ &amp; INTP relationship types and quadra values in these links: [**ENFJ relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfj-articles/279-love-types-enfj-12.html#post3833685), [**INTP relationships with other types**](http://personalitycafe.com/intp-articles/282-love-types-intp-20.html#post10020018), [**Quadra**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Quadras).Well ESTPs value Ti which actually creates a structure to their life. Your post sounds really ESFJ - it's almost like a cry out to get some Ti, which is inferior and weakest function of type ESFJ. Male ESFJs have a tendency to type into ESTPs as some tests will place you that way and well both ESTPs and ESFJs are extraverted and Fe-valuing.    
Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)   
[ESFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42479) | [ESFJ subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_subtypes)   

[ESTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42480) | [ESTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7546-LSE-ESTj-Subtypes-discussion-and-examples?p=139868&amp;viewfull=1#post139868)    This dude is soooo ENFP haha he's really good with people - [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9jVioINvoc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9jVioINvoc)     
    
Compare to an actual ESTP, this guy is physical, short-spoken, and all about hard on Se interaction with his environment: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNCzSfv4hX8](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNCzSfv4hX8).ENFP e6I'd recommend taking a few [enneagram tests](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/53230-%E2%9C%A6%E2%9C%A6%E2%9C%A6-Index-of-Enneagram-Resources-%E2%9C%A6%E2%9C%A6%E2%9C%A6), then carefully reading through [the type profiles from Enneagram Institute page](https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/type-descriptions/), then making any further posts about the E on /r/Enneagram. Good luck!Greatest presence on MBTI forums and subs is from INxx types; least from ESxx.Yeah enjoy: [**ENFP relationship types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890) and in case you doubt that this is accurate  - [ENFP/ISTJ in a relationship](https://old.reddit.com/r/ISTJ/comments/8sbfy7/happily_married_to_an_istj/)I'm of opinion that they are based on [these polls](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/49750-MBTI-and-Socionics-Type-Conversion-Polls) that show majority of people picking the same type by first two functions. Due to how socionics names types ([their j/p is not same as MBTI J/P](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Type_names#Four-Letter_Type_Codes)) the introverted types end up switching last j/p letter (INFJ-&gt;INFp) but extraverted types stay same (ENFP-&gt;ENFp).It's above average match, usually described positively. ESFJ is beneficiary type of ESTP so they may put you on a bit of a pedestal / look up to you: [**ESTP relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/estp-articles/289-love-types-estp-5.html#post10023554) and [**ESFJ relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/esfj-articles/286-love-types-esfj-5.html#post2410804)    
I know of one ESTP(f)-ESFJ(m) marriage and two long-term childhood friendships between ESTP and ESFJ guys. Benefit matches are very common in friendship, as well as romantic relationships, because they are so easy to start off. You'll have a great connection over Ti-Fe and extraversion, but will slightly fall short of each other's ideal matches which are introverted intuitive types for both of you.Translation: ENFP find that ENFP's have a better Fi connection with Fi valuing INTJs than Fe valuing INFJs. Well, of course, same feeling function understand each other's way of empathizing and interpret it as "true empathy" while a different function feels feigned. We've been through this "Fi thinks Fe is shallow and fake" so many times now in MBTI communities - [**Fi vs Fe**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/articles/63173-fi-vs-fe-101-a.html)Inferior Ni: doesn't like to observe, jumps to conclusions after 1-2 situations, doesn't gather enough data, therefore starts feeling paranoid about the associations they have drawn, or makes the wrong associations and then acts on them resulting in self-misdirection.       
       
Inferior Te: feels like it needs objective dispassionate evaluation of themselves and their activities, appreciates positive work-related advice, likes people who have good follow-through and who are not too scattered or forgetful.  She is typed as ENTP down [this link](https://www.pinterest.com/socionixgallery/socionics-ne-entp-ne-ile/).My guess is INTP of logical Ti-subtype. Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    
[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42488) | [INTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/15943-INTp-ILI-Subtypes?p=283525&amp;viewfull=1#post283525)    
Imo Roseanne - ESTP, Dan - ESFJ.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out types.    

[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42483) | [ISTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4440-Discussion-of-LSI-ISTj-Subtypes?p=142621&amp;viewfull=1#post142621)    

[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42488) | [INTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/15943-INTp-ILI-Subtypes?p=283525&amp;viewfull=1#post283525)    
That's call "deconstruction". That's the way introverted thinking Ti works: first I come to a conclusion then I pull that conclusion apart into sub-arguments. Te is the function that methodically builds up an argument, but Ti looks at internals.     
     
And this sounds incredibly Se PoLR:    
&gt; I despise having my personal space being invaded such as someone shouting at me or barging into my room.     
    
Neither INFJs nor INTJs have such an issue with people invading their space. In fact both INxJ types are paired up with Se dominant types that engage in this kind of behavior to which he is expressing his utmost aversion.  
    
You don't get INTP way of thinking completely and keep spreading misinformation. INTPs don't "methodically" build up to conclusions. Instead they see an object as a whole and then change the conditions and rotate the perspectives to study it, which is accomplished by dissection and thorough analysis. Some quotes on this mental process by actual INTPs:     
      
&gt; "My frame of perception is constantly shifting, or I'm layering one on top of the other." - INTP   
     
&gt; "Lets say that you are in a room that has no walls, no floor, and no roof. This room is completely free of conventional rules except for those of your own choosing, rules such as gravity for example. In this room, the focus of your attention is an object that you are dissecting or even expanding upon. You don't have to come into direct contact with the object in order to move it in anyway. However, you choose to view the object will allow you to view in this way. You could choose to inverse the object in anyway shape or form to accurately/properly analyze it from your desired perspective." - INTP    
     
&gt; Ne delves into possible realities. First, a schema appears before the mind's eye, then the facts are filled in depending on the context, but the facts are never given value. There is no seeking of facts for their own sake. - INTP    
       
Not surprisingly, there isn't a single mention of methodically building up to conclusions that you're trying to ascribe to Ti.INxJs types have inferior Se and are ultimately Se-seeking. This is why both INTJ and INFJ are paired with the rowdy Se dominant types ESTP and ESFP. So as INFJ I have zero problem with somebody making noise in my vicinity, suddenly yelling or initiating any action or activity. In fact that wakes the INFJ up from their Ni innui I.E. a good thing - else the INxJ spends their whole life on thinking and daydreaming and wastes away a good portion of their life. It's a little known fact to those who are new to MBTI, but for a moderately self-aware INxJ type they eventually figure out that they need that inferior Se in their life, which they cannot self-supply.     
    
The OP apparently has a very different attitude towards Se, one that I have seen INTPs attest to regarding them hating people violating their space. It has to do with INTP's having Se as their "point of least resistance" function, which is a rejected element that is most disturbing to them. So the Se suddenness that INxJs see as energizing and vitalizing for INxP types is a serious nuisance and even hindrance to their daily life.I'd check out ISFJ, INFP, and ISFP. Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[ISFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42482) | [ISFJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/12873-SEI-ISFp-Subtypes-Discussion?p=777831&amp;viewfull=1#post777831)    

[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     

[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)        
Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42483) | [ISTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4440-Discussion-of-LSI-ISTj-Subtypes?p=142621&amp;viewfull=1#post142621)    
[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)   
No lots of types do this. You got a version of anti-ADHD whatever that is called - hyper-concentration?Extraverts, types with strong Ne (ENxPs and INxPs), types 3, 6, 9, and 7 in enneagram, and Fe dominants seem to have trouble. The individuals I've seen in MBTI communities who switched multiple types, who went on to second guess their new pick, who posted multiple "Type-Me!" threads, or ended up horridly mistyping themselves have generally been in these sub-groups.I score as 5 on every enneagram test, but I'm not a 5. Test scores can be misleading.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    

[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     
It's the ENTJ. This is their "dual" aka ideal type match by socionics. If you check out cognitive functions of ISFPs and ENTJs they are basically the same type, so they 'get' each other really well: [**ISFP relationships with other types**](http://personalitycafe.com/isfp-articles/288-love-types-isfp-11.html#post22271698)   
    
ISFP - Fi,Se,Ni,Te    
ENTJ - Te,Ni,Se,Fi     
     Good call. From what I've seen of socionics communities the Se=aggression stereotype is latched on and propagated mainly by certain INTPs and INFPs. It's the PoLR function and they like to demonize it as something unholy, undesirable, and mean, while not having a clue as to what Se is. Once an actual Se type shows up, they proceed to type them as NF or something Si because they just can't believe their eyes that theory of Se doesn't match up to the real person. INFP-ISTJ is actually one of the most positive relationship types. So you're right - it works! -- [**INFP relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882)If you want to read some negative points: [**INFJ by Stratiyevskaya**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEI_by_Stratiyevskaya).  
   We're basically a bunch of imaginative slackers!When you're young and everything is brand new, unexplained and unexplored, you get a lot of WTF moments. Later in life you figure shit out and also see how things repeat themselves on Ni, so much of that novelty is gone and only thing that upsets life is sudden instability like suddenly losing your job or a family member dying, but it's not longer WTF more like how do you cope with it.No, it's one of the better matches but not the ideal one. The ideal match for ENTP is ISFJ, and for INFJ it's the ESTP. Maybe that ISFP girl is actually an ISFJ, or maybe she is INFP and you're about to get your behind supervised:    
[**ENTP relationships with other types**](http://personalitycafe.com/entp-articles/281-love-types-entp-11.html#post10020698) and [**INFJ relationships with other types**](http://personalitycafe.com/infj-articles/275-love-types-infj-12.html#post10082378).    
     
Duality advice from an old ENTP who has finally found his dual - [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_MMYIzys8c](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_MMYIzys8c)&gt; Now I cannot decide if I am sabotaging this myself or if its obvious it isn't gonna work.    
     
This is one of those relationships where there's a strong initial click, then some kind of disenchantment sets in. Typical of what socionics calls "extinguishment" relationships. Better try your luck with an ISTP or another xxTP types: [**ENFJ relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfj-articles/279-love-types-enfj-12.html#post3833685)
Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)        
[ESFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42477) | [ESFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_subtypes)    
Sounds IxTx really, something like ISTJ, INTP, or INTJ.No, INTJ-ENFP is "mirage" relationship, while INFP-ENFJ is "contrary" aka "extinguishment". Contrary relationships tend to be worse than mirage. In mirage the two people share at least some cognitive functions, for INTJ and ENFP this is the valued Fi &amp; Te. In contrary relationships both types have opposing functions and share no functions in common. This makes things a degree more awkward than in mirage. Mirage relationship for INFP is with ESFJ due to shared Ne &amp; Si: [**INFP relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882)Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   
[ENFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42485) | [ENFJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4845-ENFj-EIE-Subtypes?p=103981&amp;viewfull=1#post103981)    
ISTP is a good guess. If you visit ISTP group on facebook much of what they do is one-up each other, and whoever comes by, with some assumption of intellectual superiority. Kinda cute and obnoxious at the same time.It takes a while for people to change their habits, especially deeply ingrained long standing ones. You can't expect someone to change completely after being told once. Sometimes it takes years pointing out some bad habit for a person for them to reconsider things. Think of it like education - you wouldn't learn much from doing one math problem, you learn only after months and years of repetition. Also I notice extroverts aren't as aware of their internal problems, so she might not even understand why she has this off-putting habit in the first place. Without knowing what's causing these reactions, she doesn't know how to change.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     

[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)        
ENFPs are in relations of "superego" with ESTPs: [**ENFP relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890) &amp; [**ESTP relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/estp-articles/289-love-types-estp-5.html#post10023554)    
Superego relations are some of the most difficult relations ever, as you said you can empathize with them but you can't get where they are coming from. This is due to having completely different cognitive functions. Nevertheless there are so many female ENFPs trying to get a relationship going with an ESTP, investing so much effort and time into psychoanalyzing them, analyzing their relationships, seeking advice across forums and facebook, and still feeling confused and sometimes offended by their behavior.  Things don't change much as years progress as even after all this relationships analysis, as they cannot change their boyfriend's type and that is the source of all this confusion.

ESTPs are not very compatible with ENFPs. As a child of superego marriage, things don't to get better even 20+ years down the line. It is one of those relationships that requires a lot of work, and the work never ceases, so unless both people are deeply in love it better to find someone more compatible: [**ESTP love types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/estp-articles/289-love-types-estp-5.html#post10023554)INFPs and ENFPs have some of the most confusing and difficult relations with ISTPs and ESTPs, called "conflict" and "superego". I sometimes see people of these types trying to force some kind of relationship and it ends up being so confusing to both!    
[**INFP Love Types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882)    
[**ENFP Love Types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890)    
Once xNFPs find their xSTJ duals and activity partners things get progressively better for them.*cough* try ISFJs they have the most compatible sexual behavior for the ENTPs: [**ENTP Love Types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/isfj-articles/285-love-types-isfj-5.html#post4235430) - don't die without trying it out once lol!Must be Oxycontin xD INFJ and ISFJ in bed is totally different lol. ISFJs really get into their sensations so it's not much like sleeping with other intuitive types.There is actually a ton of discussion threads posted on this topic on typology forums: [ENTP &amp; ENFP relationships](https://www.google.com/search?q=site%3Ahttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.personalitycafe.com%2F+enfp+entp+relationship&amp;rlz=1CATAAB_enUS773US773&amp;oq=site%3Ahttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.personalitycafe.com%2F+enfp+entp+relationship&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j69i58.6175j0j4&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8).   
      
In general I've seen it's pretty difficult for the ENTP to not upset the ENFP with their Ti. Ti is the weakest and most sensitive function for ENFP, so ENFP reacts to it in a somewhat exaggerated manner, which makes the ENTP feel like they are walking on eggshells around the ENFP. ENTP then tries their utmost feats of diplomacy to make things work with the ENFP, but to not much avail. Simple statements behind which ENTP didn't really mean any offense lead directly to an offended and upset ENFP because they react to Ti so painfully. ENTP of course cannot make their Ti disappear - it's how ENTPs interact with others around them. Most of the attempted friendships and long-term relationships between them thus I haven't seen enduring very long. Casually, however, things can be very fun between two EPs. In socionics they are said to be in "kindred" relations and "kindred" relations have very low score in terms of marriages and long-term couples. Further reference: [**ENTP relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/entp-articles/281-love-types-entp-11.html#post10020698).There's casual Socionics discussing happening here: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1546362349012193

If you'd like to figure out your type in Socionics and see how your MBTI types correlates to your Socionics type, posts of videos &amp; photos are welcome in the group.There's casual Socionics discussing happening here:    
https://www.facebook.com/groups/1546362349012193  
If you'd like to find your Socionics type and correlate it to MBTI, typing discussions are welcome.There's casual Socionics discussing happening here:    
https://www.facebook.com/groups/1546362349012193  
     
If you'd like to find out your Socionics type and correlate it to MBTI, videos, photos, and typing discussions are welcome.There's casual Socionics discussing happening here:     
https://www.facebook.com/groups/1546362349012193     
If you'd like to find out your Socionics type, typing discussions and videos are welcome.      
    
There are also groups for Socionics dual types to join and mingle.    
LII (INTj) and ESE (ESFj) - https://www.facebook.com/groups/637927229570789/   
SEI (ISFp) and ILE (ENTp) - https://www.facebook.com/groups/513195272076072/    
EIE (ENFj) and LSI (ISTj) - https://www.facebook.com/groups/584240578290479/    
IEI (INFp) and SLE (ESTp) - https://www.facebook.com/groups/IEISLE/    
ESI (ISFj) and LIE (ENTj) - https://www.facebook.com/groups/144167452439913/    
ILI (INTp) and SEE (ESFp) - https://www.facebook.com/groups/159718304209793/    
EII (INFj) and LSE (ESTj) - https://www.facebook.com/groups/152653944921410/    
IEE (ENFp) and SLI (ISTp) - https://www.facebook.com/groups/136180576579475/    Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)   

[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   You might want to read about [**intertype relationships**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations). Conflict and Superego are usually considered to be the worst, Supervision is also difficult.
She is ISTP.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)   

[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   ESTP, but ya he's EP type.Functions with opposite i/e orientation don't "see" each other. It's like pairing up with someone who always looks left when you're looking right.    
    
As for best type relationships, it has been studied and described before in much detail: [**Complete Table of Intertype Relations**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations#Complete_Table)INFP with INTJ is benefit relationship with INTJ being benefactor to INFP.   
INFP with INFJ is quasi-identical relationship, which is symmetric for these types.     
Reference: [Relationships with other types for INFPs](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882)    
[**Complete Table of Intertype Relations**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Intertype_relations#Complete_Table)    Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.  
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     
[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   If you're interested in visual identification of types, check out: [**Type Visual Identification**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/list.php/category/60-Visual-Identification)    
    
There is definitely something about how each type looks! Including the look in their eyes.These types value different cognitive functions, so it's not possible to be 2-3 types at the same time.    
    
Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    

[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     
ENFP and ISFP are in relations of supervision, which is one of the most difficult relationship types. This is what your intuition is picking up upon. I would recommend reading anything you can find over the internet about supervision relationships and taking things from there: [**ENFP relationships with other types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890)     
    
The other stuff is pretty typical of extravert-introvert relationships. Introverts are typically not as outgoing as extraverts, so the extravert partner has to suffice and on some days go out with other people. Thing is that one person isn't going to satisfy all of your wishes and there is no problem with having friends outside of your relationship. Yes, these relationships have been described by socionics as ideal aka ["dual"](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Duality) type matches. Types that have same functions but in reverse are said to be alike yin-and-yang to each other. These are the relationships that socionics recommends for LTRs and marriage, but they are also pretty sweet as a friendships or co-worker relations.    
     
[**MBTI Types in Relationships with ENFJs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfj-articles/279-love-types-enfj-12.html#post3833685)   
[**MBTI Types in Relationships with ISTPs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/istp-articles/110040-istp-relationship.html#post3833733)   
[**Duality Relationships**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/37725-On-duality-marriage-and-how-much-it-really-matters?)   Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
     
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)    
[INFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42491) | [INFJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/44198-IEI-INFp-Subtypes?p=40033&amp;viewfull=1#post40033)    
It is one of the the more difficult relationship types, called "supervision", where the strong function of one type (Ti of INTP) is completely rejected by the other type (ENFP) so misunderstandings over Ti/Fi are a plenty between these two types. Nevertheless, this relationship is tender and caring. Still I would say it is better as friendship, rather than an LTR.     
     
[**MBTI Types in Relationships with INTPs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/intp-articles/282-love-types-intp-20.html#post10020018)   
[**MBTI Types in Relationships with ENFPs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890)     Have her read Jung's descriptions of Se and Ne and then ask her which description she identifies with the most.   
     
[**The Extraverted Sensation Type**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types#The_Extraverted_Sensation_Type)     
[**The Extraverted Intuitive Type**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types#The_Extraverted_Intuitive_Type)They aren't actually, it's a medium-level match that is attractive at first but interest wanes quickly in most cases. ENFPs match better to types that value their Ne and Fi and can provide them with Te: [**MBTI type matches for ENFPs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890)    
     
Types like INTJ, ENTJ, ISTJ make for better matches for ENFPs.That would be socionics [**"Caregivers"**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/101-Erotic-Attitudes) aka Si types, especially their Delta STs, ESTJ and ISTJ, since their feeling function is suppressed, but sometimes ESFJs do this too. I've noticed this trend with two older ESFJs where they would "adopt" a person to care for even if their relations with this person aren't that great.By figuring out whether they value Ti as dominant function of INTP or Te as tertiary function of ENFP. You can also try reading through these socionics profiles. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to determine types.      
    
[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)   
[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764) Try spotting Se vs. Ne following these descriptions from Jung. ESFP is Se dominant and seems much more present as a sensing type, while ENFP is Ne dominant.     
[**The Extraverted Sensation Type**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types#The_Extraverted_Sensation_Type)     
[**The Extraverted Intuitive Type**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types#The_Extraverted_Intuitive_Type)     
You can also read through socionics profiles. They are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out types.     

[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)  
[ESFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42477) | [ESFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_subtypes)    
     
Their inferior functions are also different - Ni inferior for ESFP and Si inferior for ENFP. Inferior functions are difficult to observe, they are repressed for most people, but they will give you additional clues if you can spot them.he's ISFJ, the [Fe subtype](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEI_subtypes#Ethical_subtype_Fe-ISFp_.28Fe-SEI.29)I'd look into the enneagram. That's one of the main sources that muddies up MBTI types. They have, for example, "head triad" types who superficially make an impression of being T-types even though they might be feelers, and instinct stacking combos are taken for being feelers while they could be thinkers. If someone's MBTI type isn't clear it's often the enneagram that is messing things up.Socionics calls Si types the [**"Caregivers"**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/101-Erotic-Attitudes). Combine this with a feeling function and you have the mix that ideally approximates the roles of a mother. I've also read in some socionics article that the social role of these types, they call them Alpha SFs, was to repopulate or populate. Imagine some plague striking your village and killing most of the inhabitants. To recover the village needs lots of new kids. The Si-Fe type women were designed by nature for this mission.Some probable causes are: poor test design - most of these free online tests are not designed by MBTI professionals; inaccurate self-reporting; enneagram "competence triad" INFJs often get higher logic scores when self-reporting and end up being typed as INTJs or INTPs.&gt; I have an ESFJ friend/ potential love interest, and after researching, I’ve found that most ESFJs don’t get along well with INTPS as they’re complete opposites. However in forums, the issue most mentioned was the ESFJ’s need for emotional connection that the INTP is unable to meet that need. My ESFJ and I get along tremendously well, though.    
     
According to Socionics INTP and ESFJ are the best match aka dual types ([INTP matches](https://www.personalitycafe.com/intp-articles/282-love-types-intp-20.html#post10020018) and [ESFJ matches](https://www.personalitycafe.com/esfj-articles/286-love-types-esfj-5.html#post2410804)). You may be opposites, but you are *complimentary* opposites and that makes all the difference. You can see this for yourself if you check out the cognitive functions for your types:     
INTP - Ti,Ne,Si,Fe     
ESFJ - Fe,Si,Ne,Ti     
If you read ESFJ's functions from the other end, you'll notice that they are the same ones as INTP's functions.      
The true incompatible types for INTP as xSFPs who share no cognitive functions with you.        
As for emotional connection, usually ESFJs have enough emotions for both people in a relationship. In fact they have so many emotions that ESFJs typically seek out Ti types themselves. I personally know of 3 ESFJ-ISTP marriages, so if Ti types couldn't give them the emotional connection that they seek, why would they repeatedly marry them.One way is to out with one's socionics duals whose demonstrative function falls on your PoLR, point of least resistance, or trickster function. The way one's duals use their demonstrative function is the least painful and most informative way to approach your own PoLR. For [ISFP this dual match is ENTJ](https://www.personalitycafe.com/isfp-articles/288-love-types-isfp-11.html#post22271698), while for [ISTP that dual match is ENFJ](https://www.personalitycafe.com/istp-articles/110040-istp-relationship.html#post3833733).     
Another way is to improve your own tertiary function. Information falling on PoLR/trickster function is usually processed through tertiary as way of compensating. So by improving Ni, Ne becomes easier to handle for ISxP types.  
Because MBTI is not the ONLY typology that determines your personality. There are other typologies out there that will influence your traits and sometime this effect is enough to make you either mistype on MBTI tests or not identify with your type that much. Psychology of personality has much broader horizons than Jung's four functions.This is not duality. This is "conflict" relationship: [**MBTI relationship types for INTPs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/intp-articles/282-love-types-intp-20.html#post10020018).     
However, like 1/3rd of people arriving to MBTI are mistyped, so it's possible the OP isn't even an INTP, in which case it would be a better matching by types.Alright, well have fun. The reason INTPs and ESFPs rarely seem to be on the same page is that they share NO cognitive functions in common, which if you studied cognitive functions you would also notice. Typically this has the effect of complicating any relationship type by introducing misunderstandings and lack of shared values between both people. But that's as far as MBTI types can take you.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
     
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   

[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   
Most extraverts convert to exactly same type: [ENxx types poll](https://www.personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/296746-mbti-enxx-types-what-your-mbti-socionics-type.html). If you're getting opposite results when almost everyone else is getting the same type, I'd study the functions more closely.It's normal for EP types, and especially those who are "positive outlook" types in enneagram like 7 or 9. EPs are naturally matched to IJ types, who tend to lack in enthusiasm and motivation, so your enthusiam is supposed to motivate these other types. However, if you run into types that are averse to Ne, these are ISxPs in particular, then they might not like to be around you for long. But it's ok, because you cannot please everybody. You can review ENFP compatibilities on this page: [MBTI type matches for ENFPs](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890).ENFPRun. Seen ENFPs try to date ESTPs many times, and it ends up in flames, which like if you got a thing for unhealthy, pain-ridden relationships it will keep you coming back for more only to bring more hurt. Find yourself a nice ISTJ guy (and the sex is so much better): [**MBTI type matches for ENFPs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890).Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
       
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)     
    
[ENTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42486) | [ENTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/46746-LIE-ENTj-subtypes?p=138234&amp;viewfull=1#post138234)   Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.     
    
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)   
[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)        Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.     
    
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)   
[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)        I hear so many stories of ENTJs getting into relationships with ISFJs aka SEI/ISFp in socionics, but it seems like it's always for short term intimacy.    
     
AMA- what attracted you to this ISFp? what made you leave and decide it's conflict?    
     
Dated an ESTj for a few months. Decent guy. Hope he finds someone he loves and cares for. What was off-putting is that his movements looked robotic and he was doing everything by the book (Fe Role).My ENFP guy-friend is in a relationship with an ESFJ right now. She's older than him, but in his own words "I'm glad we found each other and stayed together." They have been through thick and thin, together for 3+ years now. They share love for cooking and their love for animals, and have adopted 2 cats and a dog now, which in my experience is common for both ENFPs and ESFJs.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    

[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42483) | [ISTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4440-Discussion-of-LSI-ISTj-Subtypes?p=142621&amp;viewfull=1#post142621)    
ENTPs and INFJs are in a [**mirage relationship**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/85-Mirage-Relations) in socionics, and as the name implies each sees the other as a kind of a cloudy image of an almost ideal match to themselves. These relations start on a positive note of yin-and-yang along the auxiliary/teritary Ti-Fe axis, but eventually it starts feeling it's like you're pulling wool over each other's eyes on the dominant and inferior functions that don't match. ENTP is hoping for Si while INFJs splash them with a tub full of Ni, and vice versa. The argument continues until one or both realize that the conversation was a "mirage" after all, and that it is impossible to make the other person see things your way. For young and immature ENTPs and INFJs, it takes a long time and many debates to reach that point. Both are dominant intuitive types and are not averse to spending hours upon hours arguing over hypothetical topics over the internet while not doing much irl.                    
       
That, and if you read about [**values of Alpha Quadrant**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/444-Alpha-Quadra-The-Complex-of-Closed-Mouth-by-Stratiyevskaya), to which ENTPs belong, you'll notice that verbal communication, debates, and arguments are their top priority. So it's impossible for an INFJ to run into an ENTP who *won't* argue with them.It's not that the effective use of dom-aux will balance out the dom-tert loop.     
Because there are actually two loops, where breaking each requires a different approach.      
One if the famous dom-tert loop - The other is the aux-inferior loop.     
The dom-tert loop puts the person into a state of passive perception, observance, overthinking. The aux-inferior loop puts them into constant state of interaction and hyper-activity, where their mental and emotional resources start to run dry, leading to eventual exhaustion. To break each loop all one has to do it to engage the opposite loop. So for an INTP who is stuck in Ti-Si analysis mode, the approach is to put themselves into environments that would engage their Ne and Fe. For an INTP who is stuck in Ne-Fe interacting/conversing mode, the approach is to engage their Si and Ti. This balances out each loop, and it works the same for every type. And ENFJ stuck in Fe-Se loop can be brought out of it by engaging their Ni and Ti, and so on, and this is how these functions work together.It's normal. The dominant function is described as being "supra-conscious" meaning that it lies above our conscious perception, so it's not out of the ordinary to not be fully aware or even in control of it. This also depends on subtypes - people with auxiliary function subtypes don't feel their dominant that well, so an Fi-ENFP has diminished perception of their Ne due to Fi overtaking their attention than an Ne-ENFP: [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   I was automatically logged in there when copying the links.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.     
    
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)   
[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)        It sounds like your dad either has an 8 wing or is a type 8. Enneagram 8 has a connection to type 2, and the less-than-healthy 2s proceed to manipulate other people by being of service to them, while pointing out when other people aren't being helpful or aren't repaying their favor. Sometimes they impose their favors and service on others so that in turn they could get something out of that person, and if not they can openly point it out ("I did this for you - but you didn't do that for me"). Type 9w8 in particular has a connection to 1w2 so you'd get both a tinge of perfectionism and help-oriented guilt tripping. The fact that he does this so nonchalantly and playfully with your mom would imply that 8 is indeed his wing and not the main type. This doesn't point to any MBTI type, however, as 9s of both wings are present among every MBTI type. ESTP is actually the "dual" aka ideal match type with the INFJ. You can check the cognitive functions of of both and see that they are exactly same but in reverse, which is duality. ESTP has conflicting relationship with the INFP, which shares no functions with the ESTP: [**MBTI type matches for INFJs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infj-articles/275-love-types-infj-12.html#post10082378).         
       
However, besides MBTI there are other typologies like the Enneagram that affect MBTI type interactions. They could be duals by MBTI types, yet something conflicting in Enneagram, and that will put a strain and create confusion in any relationship.ENFP would match what you described of yourself. Have you done any reading into the cognitive functions? If not I'd recommend going over Jung's original writing about functions as this is what types are based on. Try to figure out which of these functions sounds like your dominant mode of living. It's dense reading, but totally worth it if you're serious about figuring out your type: [**Chapter 10 of Psychological Types**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types).Ne types - due to seeing a million different options with their extraverted intuition and not wishing to get "boxed in".     
             
Sensing types due to pro-intuitive bias that is prevalent in MBTI. They sometimes go on believing they are intuitives for years.       
              
Extraverts who haven't done enough introspection in their life, and consequently the more extraverted enneagram types like type 7, will have more trouble typing themselves.          
      
Younger people - those in their teens and early 20s because personality doesn't fully solidify until you're ~24-25 which makes it harder to self-type for anyone still in that formation stage.Ni both strives to narrow down options, instead of keeping options open like Ne, and keeps track of one's "personal history" - it's a kind of past oriented function - and both of these make easier to find where you fit within MBTI. It's not a cold-and-hard rule that Ni users immediately discover their types, but the general trend is that Ni types have an easier time with this whole process. Whenever I see somebody get stuck even if they've been introspecting it's usually that they are being too perfectionistic with fitting themselves to type profiles - a single sentence can throw them off from considering that type - or they have been absorbing type stereotypes and relying on those to type themselves, while a lot of information like this is misleading - or they have been analyzing themselves in isolation rather than trying to compare themselves to others - sometimes it's easier to spot MBTI functions in other people to understand whether you do the same thing or it's something completely different from how you think.                              
          
On a tangent, I've been participating in various typology communities for close to 10 years now and it has been noticed multiple times, not only by me but also by others who spent years studying MBTI, that there are a lot more Ne types mistyping as Ni than the other way around. This is to say you'll find many more ENFPs and INFPs mistyping as INFJs than INFJs claiming to be an ENFP.&gt;  ... while my [ISTP] dad’s Se is more like a leashed guard dog that makes sure nothing is out of line with his surroundings.     
     
It's that his Se is subordinate to his Ti, which is the hidden function working in the background for him to make sure nothing is out of line. The Ti sends out the Se to enforce its way, so to say. While ESTP's Se is completely wild and free to be on its own.Nothing like seeing another mistyped INFP making videos about being an INFJ Haha!!Sometimes it feels like a little tug-of-war between dominant and auxiliary functions, but I often have an appreciation for Ni of ENFJs because they turn my fuzzy blob of Ni into something specific and situational. It's almost like whoever has your dominant function as their aux can speak in the language in which you quietly perceive and think to yourself.Believe what you will, but for example ISTJs keep marrying ENFPs in droves: [Happily married to an ISTJ! :) ](https://old.reddit.com/r/ISTJ/comments/8sbfy7/happily_married_to_an_istj/) and they have that exact same "duality" layout as INFJs do with ESTPs, same functions but in reverse. This is not to mention the ESTP-INFJ couple stories. If it was as annoying as you say, these types wouldn't come near each other. But I do think it takes some maturity to not continue rejecting your own inferior function.Reading Jung, studying cognitive functions, spending years on INFJ subs and forums seeing how we have common issues. Later-socionics intertypes and dichotomies confirming Ni and Fe. This guy is a lot like a couple INFP guys that I've met.I'm watching the ESTP / INFP socionics conflict relationship unfold right now. The INFP has mistyped into ISFP (ESI) and the ESTP still thinks that this their type and doesn't recognize this person as being their conflictor. The ESTP will be casually walking and chatting about something, as an extravert she is talkative and has lots of expressions to share, and the INFP would be friendly and supportive of the conversation, then at some point go quiet, then suddenly explode and lash out at the ESTP by making some sarcastic remark intended as digs on ESTP's statements. This is very similar to what I've seen with an ESFJ and INTJ, and INFJ and ESTJ "conflictors". They would try to keep it on friendly terms, but one misplaced word from the INTJ or the INFJ would make their ESFJ and ESTJ "conflictors" go ballistic on them, with the only difference that ESFJ would feel bad about it and later apologize to the INTJ while ESTJ kept cold and stern. Another time I've seen an ESTP tell a story when an INFP told them jokingly "don't be such a bully" and that suddenly made ESTP upset and go on defensive.  I would describe conflict relationships as periods of strained peace interrupted by sudden eruptions when all the tension gets unloaded onto the conflictor is one intense argument or fight.  Whether or not they make up depends on many other factors but in most cases conflict types will be set apart by these unpleasant showdowns.It's called "duality" relationships, which are basically a kind of yin-yang balance. The dual of each type is the type that has the same cognitive functions, but in reverse position. This provides for both a fun opposition and for full complementarity and fulfillment within intimate relationships.    
       
On an example, ISFJ and ENTP share such a perfect match balanced relationship:          
ISFJ ----- Si,Fe,Ti,Ne &lt;- ENTP's functions from this end    
ENTP --- Ne,Ti,Fe,Si &lt;- ISFJ's functions from this end    
And many other similar types matches.      
If you would like to read more, see [**Dual Relationships**](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/17-Duality-Descriptions-Meged-Ovcharov)Lack of insight and understanding into other types' duality relationships. ISFP-ENTJ relationships always seem rather distant to me. Also other typologies, so it depends on who you know. Some couples might have duality in socionics, but be something like conflictors or superegos in other typologies, then once in a while you'll meet a relatively happy supervision couple in socionics that has duality in other personality systems.
     
For INFJ it's with ESTJ and ISTJ: [**MBTI type matches for INFJs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infj-articles/275-love-types-infj-12.html#post10082378).     
Essentially, it's the types that don't share your cognitive functions that create most misunderstandings in relationships, which decreases the likelihood of having a satisfying long-term relationship. While INFP and ENFPs have no shared cognitive functions with INFJs, they are still in NF club and share intuitive and feeling orientation, however, their ST counterparts ESTJ and ISTJ not only have no functions in common with INFJs but are also STs which means INFJ's Ni-Fe will have to get through their rock-solid Te &amp; Si and you can imagine how often that happens.    
     
A good rule to follow is to look at the inverse of your tertiary and inferior functions (in MBTI these are your weakest "shadow" functions). Whichever types have those functions as their strong ones will create the most frustration and annoyance in a relationship. For INFJs this is Te and Si, so any type that features those functions as their dominant or auxiliary will require most adjustment from the INFJ.I use scent free laundry detergent because I don't like the smell of detergent on clothes; it makes me think it should have gone through another rinse. The fewer distracting smells, the better in my opinion.  Role Si.Learn to love people with their flaws and all if you want to attain social media glory jkjk However, dealing with entire communities of people requires some different social coping and people management skills than hanging around with your small group of friends.      
      
My main disappointments with MBTI community have been:     
a) It's too immature, mostly comprised of college students and those in late teens, once you reach late-20s and 30s and gain so much more life experience it's not as interesting to discuss MBTI with anyone who is that much younger, their inexperience will show and affect how they approach MBTI.           
b) It's too decentralized without any clear standards, anyone can set up a website and write just about anything on there without any checks, too few will actually read the founding material of MBTI like works of Carl Jung.          
c) While there are a lot of beginners struggling to make their way through stereotypes, too few invest any further into it. So, once you attain a certain level of proficiency in MBTI, it's like you have to get into some smaller specialized groups and stay away from large public groups if you want to have any interesting discussions and continue developing further insights.    INFJ type 9. He uses Ni for sure.An ENFJ I've met would say the same thing. She says discovering this in her early 30s mitigated a lot of stress in her life. Pretty much, I've had like 3 miscommunication events with an ISTJ this week and can't imagine what it must be like if we had to live together. Sure we'd work something out eventually but that would require a lot of effort.Some ENFPs discover Socionics that tells them their ideal relationship match is the ISTp. Not paying attention to cognitive functions of types, they translate Socionics ISTp to be same as MBTI ISTP and then they head out to ISTP groups and forums to check it out, not realizing that ISTP is a Ti-Se type, and this is the LSI/ISTj - their conflictor. This is where they get stepped on and hurt, but at the same time conflictors admire each other from distance. The cycle repeats every year with a new batch of ENFPs.Some guy who has a YouTube channel devoted to MBTI like a number of other MBTI channels on YT, and who probably has some alts or some overly enthusiastic fans in these typology communities that promote his channel by creating topics about his typings. Heard his stuff, and he's wrong about a number of things that for someone with years of experience in jungian typology his channel is of no interest and is actually misleading. Some MBTI beginners will listen to him.&gt; MBTI model won't work on your fixed model.

Stopped reading there. MBTI is a model that constantly evolves. You don't need to make gross assumptions and  project you static mindset onto me or anyone else really.ISFP and the "beautiful, metaphorical lyrics" comes from him being a type 4 in the enneagram /r/enneagram.Quit thinking that being "out of area" is a disadvantage. Find extraverts who can help you socialize and pay attention to people who fit you personally instead of 100% focusing on school. Once you are out of school networking with friends within your field has significance in finding work, so it's not all about your grades and studies.It's common to get mixed up results between similar types. Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)   
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)     
Another type that is likely to mistype as either is the ISTP especially the Sensory Se subtype.     
[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42483) | [ISTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4440-Discussion-of-LSI-ISTj-Subtypes?p=142621&amp;viewfull=1#post142621)    
It's possible, but "stronger" isn't quite the word to describe it. In soconics they have something called contact and inert subtypes, where the inert subtype of EII, their Fi-Ne type that corresponds to INFP, [called Fi-EII/INFj](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200), can actually have reasonably well developed Si at the expense of Ne. Same applies for every other MBTI type.In socionics he gets typed as SLE, sensory logical extravert, which is ESTP in MBTI: [Joe Rogan typing poll](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/12237-Joe-Rogan)It's called semi-duality in socionics. You can read more about it here:    
[**MBTI type matches for ISFJs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/isfj-articles/285-love-types-isfj-5.html#post4235430)     
[**MBTI type matches for ENFPs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890)     
Initial attraction, admiration and respect from distance, followed by a whole lot of miscommunication, awkward moments, and a feeling of walking on eggshells around each other. It's one of the most difficult relationships out there, called superego in socionics:    
[**MBTI type matches for INFJs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infj-articles/275-love-types-infj-12.html#post10082378)    
[**MBTI type matches for ISTJs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/istj-articles/284-love-types-istj-7.html#post3833786)  Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    

[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42483) | [ISTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4440-Discussion-of-LSI-ISTj-Subtypes?p=142621&amp;viewfull=1#post142621)    
Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[INFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42491) | [INFJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/44198-IEI-INFp-Subtypes?p=40033&amp;viewfull=1#post40033)    
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     
It's called duality relationship in socionics, which is one of the more difficult but most rewarding relationship types out there. ESTJ and INFP are basically the yin-and-yang of each other - this is easy to see if one compares their functions:    
ESTJ - Te,Si,Ne,Fi &lt;- INFP from this end    
INFP - Fi,Ne,Si,Te &lt;- ESTJ from this end    
In short, every ESTJ carries a little INFP "child" inside, and every INFP carries a little ESTJ in them. When the two meet, their relationship carries the greatest potential for their mutual self-development and deep understanding.    
     
[**MBTI type matches for INFPs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882)    
[**MBTI type matches for ESTJs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/estj-articles/283-love-types-estj-3.html#post2423173)    
In case you meant ESFJ and not ESTJ: [**MBTI type matches for ESFJs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/esfj-articles/286-love-types-esfj-5.html#post2410804)I know of a few intermediate to hardcore drugs users, MBTI types vary with this crowd: ISFP 6w7, INFJ 9w1, INFJ 9w1, ENTJ 8w7, ENTP 7w6. The ISFP girl was a mix of an artsy and a party girl. At some rave she tried drugs and eventually progressed up to using heroin. She went to rehab several times and cleaned up, but then relapsed, went to rehab again, and do on. She was definitely one of the people who go out looking for that highest of highs, and her high was when she was on drugs and having sex with her boyfriend, so the rest of her life started feeling dull/numb in comparison to the high the combination of heroin/being in late teens/partying/sex and the feelings of being in a relationship gave her, making it hard for her to stop using. Both of the INFJ 9w1s are hooked up on opiates. One INFJ 9w1 suffered through a dissociative disorder in his 20 for several years, which is when he also started trying different kind of drugs to manage it. Eventually he started using opiates and said it was a positive experience for him overall. He doesn't view it as bad or self-destructive habit and sees no reason to quit. He talks about it as as if it's eating chocolate cake several times a week. The ENTJ 8w7 came from a very rich family. Not sure how he got into drugs, but he is one of few people who have been using drugs recreationally for decades while not becoming an addict or having to go to rehab well into his 50s. The ENTP 7w6 works in a law profession, and lawyers supposedly are top clients for cocaine, which he uses regularly (he is in his 40s now) but similar to the ENTJ he hasn't turned into a hardcore addict.      
       
So the MBTI types of people who become substance addicts vary, however, their inner motivations for using, which drugs "catch" them and whether they "catch up" with them, whether they go to rehab and their experiences there - all these factors likely have some correlations to MBTI types. There was a video series created for Enneagram types called Integral Recovery for types and posted up on YouTube, that went through motivations that each enneagram type might have for abusing substances and their substance preferences, so I don't see why there couldn't be something like this for MBTI types.No, as an INFJ I can pretty firmly say that he is an INTP, introverted thinker.    
    
His thinking processes don't overlap with NFJs even a yota. Casting MBTI stereotyping aside and focusing on functions, his mental and emotional built simply doesn't fit with what NFJs have going. He strongly reminds me of a number of Ti professors that I have had a chance to talk with, especially in the strength of their conviction to some kind of internal idea i.e. Ti.Not clumsy at all, and afaik there are intuitives among professional athletes. It's like saying sensors can't be imaginative and inventive.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[ESFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42477) | [ESFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_subtypes)    
        
[ESFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42479) | [ESFJ subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_subtypes)Not sure, but as a 1w9 I've found that we can get hyper-focused on something and if that something is the wrong thing to focus on then that focus becomes a point of trouble. I will usually try to refocus myself on what is the priority of the situation. See if you can learn how to prioritize things that you hear in your ambient environment. I'm thinking it's not a problem of your focus, but prioritization, which btw happens to 1's who are Harmonizing subtypes in [socionics DCNH](https://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/list.php/category/47-DCNH).Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[ISFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42482) | [ISFJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/12873-SEI-ISFp-Subtypes-Discussion?p=777831&amp;viewfull=1#post777831)    

[ISTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42481) | [ISTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4964-ISTp-SLI-Subtypes?p=105487&amp;viewfull=1#post105487)Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    
[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42488) | [INTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/15943-INTp-ILI-Subtypes?p=283525&amp;viewfull=1#post283525)INFPs and ESTJs are in dual relationship according to socionics, which is great for having funky conversations like these -- [INFP Love Types](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882)It's the ENFJ. Look into socionics if you want to learn more - [**ISTP in relationships with other MBTI types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/istp-articles/110040-istp-relationship.html#post3833733). The ISTP is called logical sensory introvert, aka [LSI or "Maxim"](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI) under that typology, and the ENFJ is called [EIE or "Hamlet"](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EIE).        
       
The reason that you guys are such a great match to each other MBTI and Socionics-wise is that if you look at cognitive functions for both types, they are exactly same in opposite order. You're practically the same type with opposite strengths, which socionics calls like a yin-yang or dual relationship.     
* ISTP - Ti-Se-Ni-Fe &lt;-- ENFJ from this end        
* ENFJ - Fe-Ni-Se-Ti &lt;-- ISTP from this end         
      
The basic rule for type compatibility is that we tend to be attracted to those who have our tertiary and inferior functions as their stronger points. So if your tertiary is Ni and inferior is Fe then there will be greatest overlap with types who have those functions as 1st or 2nd ones. These are ENFJs, INFJs, INTJs, ENTJs, ISFJs, and ESFJs. ENFJ of course forms the ideal match while other types are also decent matches. I also know of like 3 married ISTPxESFJ couples.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
      
[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)   
[ENTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42486) | [ENTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/46746-LIE-ENTj-subtypes?p=138234&amp;viewfull=1#post138234)Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
     
[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42488) | [INTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/15943-INTp-ILI-Subtypes?p=283525&amp;viewfull=1#post283525)    
[INFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42491) | [INFJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/44198-IEI-INFp-Subtypes?p=40033&amp;viewfull=1#post40033)Socionics [ISTp, Gabin](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLI) is Si-Te which corresponds to ISTJ.     
MBTI ISTP is Ti-Se which corresponds to [LSI, Maxim](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI).That's because Socionics puts importance on 1st function for any type, while MBTI puts importance on the 1st *extraverted* function. So Socionics describes Ti-Se type (ISTP,LSI) as rational/Judger as per the dominant Ti rational/judging function, while MBTI describes ISTP as irrational/perceiver as per extroverted Se. Vice versa for ISTJ,SLI, a Si-Te type.Oh wasn't sure if you were considering some other types. One noticeable difference is that T-doms can come off as a kind of know-it-alls, and this is true of ESTJs, ENTJs, as well as Ti dominants as logic is their first priority, while ESTPs and other "irrational" types are much more flexible and concerned more with opportunities / their freedom. You'll find more details in those profiles though.INFP x ENFJ relationship is called "contrary" relations. There is typically a feeling of similarity of the challenges that you face in life due to similar functional stackings, yet their ways of dealing with those problems run contrary to your own. If you want to read more about intertype relationships, look into socionics.     
     
[**INFP relationships with other MBTI types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882)    
[**ENFJ relationships with other MBTI types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfj-articles/279-love-types-enfj-12.html#post3833685)It does. Functions is where MBTI derived its type profiles. Every time you read an MBTI type profile, you're reading about how that type's functions manifest as traits and behaviors.&gt;  But for example wouldn’t one assume the role of leader in the relationship and the other would be the follower?      
      
If their age difference is significant.     
If they are at same age/stage, and have same cognitive functions, those functions start to compete for same kind of observations, feels, and thoughts, without having anything new to add.     
[**Identical type relations**](https://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/114-Identical-Relations)Most complaints I've heard about ENFJs and ESFJs is that they try to "insert" their Fe into situations, and this happens by attributing people certain social roles or feelings that those people aren't really feeling nor being. To Fi users this also feels intrusive and impositional that someone else would interpret their feels for them and push for it as being the only valid interpretation.It's funny watching an ENTP hang out with an ISTP. The ISTP would point at things directly in their line of sight, and the ENTP would go "huh? ... where? where?" lolDun work. "Start feeling something" is an introverted feeling step.Only if you're a clueless Fi valuer *sigh*ISTP spotted.If you randomly start feeling something before a mirror, I feel sorry for you /Fe lolFi "feeling random feels before a mirror" wouldn't understand, ofc.Just poking casual fun at the smugness and condescension of your OP.Yeah this pic is typical Fi-dom indignation vs. the ENTP's Ti.    
     
INFJs be like where do we get more of you???In my experience: ENFP, ENTJ, INFJ and some ISTJs, ESTPs and INTPs.        
ENTJs are better at noticing someone's real life behavior and actions and having a great deal of realism in how they type, while ENFPs and INFJs are better at analyzing descriptions and matching person's values/statements to the type's cognitive functions.      ISTJs and ESTPs are good at the real life deal, but they are not as versed at the theoretical part which leads them to weird conclusions about types sometimes.       
INTPs tend to be thoroughly versed in theory, but lack in the real life experience &amp; observing other people part.*** ISTJ parentyep, it was jokes of OP's jokes, but then OP got upset :/Instead of taking tests, read about cognitive functions and see which ones you can identify with. Some good resources include Carl Jung's [Chapter 10 of Psychological Types](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types) and [Personality Pathways](http://www.personalitypathways.com/personality-type/verifying-your-mbti-result/). This is somewhat time consuming, but a much more accurate and insightful way to type yourself.The whole OP was passive aggressive, not to mention a complete misunderstanding of Fe which is why it was so cringe :/And it was a rehash of stupid stereotyping in place of fun, so tired of seeing these within MBTI communities. If you place a fun tag, at least make a fun joke and that's how others will know and support yaTry reading the chapters about introverted feeling and introverted thinking of this [Chapter 10 of Psychological Types](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types) and seeing which one you can relate to. If that fails, read through soconics profiles of ESFP and ESTP. They are more detailed so makes it easier to determine type.     
     
Way I figured I was under Fe/Ti &amp; Se is that I will "warm up" when I'm in direct contact with other people.     
      
[ESFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42477) | [ESFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_subtypes)    
[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)Will depend on their enneagram as well, an ENFP 7 friend says that she "feels worthless" in some of her low self esteem moments.It's true of what socionics calls "involutionary" types, some of which are Se valuing. Involutionary/result types take a complex idea or pov and break it down into simpler bits. But this isn't contingent on Se, since at least half of involutionary/result types are Si/Ne valuing.      
     
If you want to read more about this see [Process and Result](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Process_and_result) and generally study soconics because it goes deeper into types' thinking processes than does MBTI.     
     
&gt; Describing Evolution–Involution at this level will initially contrast deductive vs. inductive thinking. Unfortunately, the bulk of literature on this cognitive dichotomy treats it in at least two different senses. In the first sense, deduction is understood simply as a strict formal sequence or expository progression of thought (aka Socionics rationality), while induction is understood as conclusions stemming from practical experience (aka Socionics irrationality).     
     
&gt; I will frame this dichotomy in the second sense, namely as simplification vs. complication of thought structure. Meaning that in deductive thinking, given a set of simple and obvious statements (axioms, postulates), the resultant consequences can be necessarily derived (theorem). Reasoning flows in the direction of simple to complex. Evolutionary types therefore mentally complicate the situation.     
     
&gt; In inductive thinking reasoning proceeds the other way around. Observing and comprehending complex phenomena, inductive thinking reduces them to generalized diagrams and models stripped of details. Involutionary types break down and simplify the situation in order to understand it. Reasoning flows in reverse order from complex to simple.      
      
Types like INFJ, ESTP, INTP are among Involutionary ones, that will take a block and break it down, while types like ENTP and ESTJ are among Evolutionary ones that tend to start from simple forms and proceed towards complication.&gt; INFJ is a Fe dom, though   
    
That's ENFJ. INFJ is Ni dom.Choose career based on what you're interested in doing, link to your childhood dreams. Saying that, I've known several ENFP nurses and one ENFP physician, so medical careers are definitely what ENFPs can fulfill without a problem. However, make sure you're choosing a career based on your own calling instead of fame, money, and stability, which is unfortunately why many people go into medicine and then they make crap doctors and nurses.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out differences between type.    
      
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     

[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)This reads like someone got a "gender" splinter stuck in their toe, and they are trying to force to laugh about it to vanquish the pain.Try learning socionics. It's such an intricate puzzle that once you figure it out you'll look back at MBTI channels.They ran type stats on Personality Cafe, one of the bigger typology-related forums, and 18% of users reported being INFP, largest type group, with INFJ, INTJ, and INTP being the next runners-up. Introverted intuitives have made up roughly 50% of MBTI communities. Needless to say, their counterparts, the extraverted sensors ESxx types had the fewest forum registrations.     
     
Age-wise, MBTI attracts younger age groups, with median age being around 18-22 (~college age when many take the MBTI test for the first time), while socionics attracted people who were 5+ years older, in their mid-20s to mid-30s.Socially introverted ESTPs do exist, as do socially introverted ENTPs, ENFPs, ENFJs, and so on. MBTI only shows your mental orientation but not your social one. Subtypes and other typologies also contribute, and if an MBTI extraverted type has several types considered to be introverted in other personality systems then their overall bearing is going to resemble that of an introvert. For example, socionics Ti-ESTp subtype is described as being "reserved" "restrained" "collected" and "unfazed", which are not qualities typically associated with ESTPs: [**Se/Ti ESTP subtypes**](https://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978).&gt; but this question has me thinking of what arguments for this could be.    
     
They are typically metaphysical and involve spirituality and 'the other side' of our material life on this planet. Apparently this 'other side' has significant influence on our lives and runs by some other rules that don't quite abide by our definitions of good and bad.INTJ 5s will have Ni as their first function, like any other INTJ. If you relate to Ti and type 5 then you'd be INTP 5 in MBTI and INTj/LII 5 in Socionics. Socionics INTj is not the same thing as MBTI INTP.      
       
Socionics [INTj (LII) is Ti-Ne valuing](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII)     
MBTI INTP is also Ti-Ne     
Socionics [INTp is Ni-Te valuing](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI)     
MBTI INTJ is also Ni-Te     
     
If you relate to Ti you'd be INTP in MBTI and INTj (LII) in Socionics.Dual types work best, outside of that - activators. This is not just on paper. Dual and activity friendships and romantic relationships tend to be the closest. It's much more difficult to achieve that personal cohesion in other ITRs.   
       
A step down from duality and activity, yet also positively feasible, are relations like semi-duality, mirage, benefit, and mirror. In the first three you still overlap over some values or commonalities in temperament, and the last one is like last resort for shared quadra values. Friendships and marriages among "benefit" partners are rather common though not always lasting.              
      
Every other type match becomes increasingly difficult to sustain.     
      
In the third group I would place quasi-identity, business, extinguishment/contrary, and supervision. There is some attraction in these relationships, and a chance to make them work, but it's a lot more complicated to keep a spark going on here. Quasis and contraries have opposite quadra values. Supervision can suck for both for obvious reasons. Business can work, but also turns stagnant, and common PoLR means you'll keep shifting responsibility for it onto each other.          
         
Fourth group would be kindred, identity, superego, and conflict. There are the least sought after relations that bring least benefit and least positive evolution into each person's life. Kindred and Identity eventually becomes boring and stagnant, while superego and conflict are incredibly annoying to live with.     
     
In MBTI sense better type matches are those whose Ego functions (dominant and auxiliary) overlap with your Super-Id functions (tertiary and inferior), so for a type like ISTJ these would be ENFP, INFP, ENTP, INTP, ISFP, ESFP - that's 6 types to work with in terms of relationships, or roughly over a third, 37% of people, this ISTJ would meet.An ESTJ. The ESTJ is a ["supervisor" type to ISFJs](https://www.personalitycafe.com/isfj-articles/285-love-types-isfj-5.html#post4235430), a type they look up to and admire, and with many mothers out there being xSFJs guess which type they want their kids to resemble.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     

[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)Favorite bosses have been ENTPs. They were fun, intelligent, and resourceful. Both of them basically gave me loads of money and told me to do with it what I pleased - in terms of groups' projects of course. INTP bosses have also been a positive experience. They are intelligent and stable, although not as generous with funding as the ENTPs.          
      
Least favorite has been a shrill, micro-managing ESFJ who would come down harsh on anyone for slightest deviations from the schedule, like being 5 minutes late, and an arrogant overbearing ISFP who would use others to do dirty work, then laugh at them to their faces like look how much of a loser you are accepting my half-arsed requests.It could be any type really. I've seen an INTJ, ENTJ, ISTJ, and ISFJ being accused of gaslighting, and those types are very different from each other. I'd say from the receiving end you'll have a lot more difficulty making out the situation if the gaslighting type you're dealing with is much different from your own. INTJs can eventually make sense of their teritary Fi if they have to deal with strong Fi type like gaslighting ISFP mother, but it takes them much longer to make out Fe with a higher probability of misinterpretation, so INTJ vs an ENFJ gaslighter parent would be a lot worse for the INTJ. Types don't matter as much in this situation as much as distancing from such a parent, and then working to re-shape your relationship with them.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
      
[ENFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42484) | [ENFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/719-ENFp-IEE-Subtypes?p=10764&amp;viewfull=1#post10764)   
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)Yeah ExTx types don't place the utmost importance on having ideal relationships. Something that we IxFx types could learn from them.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    

[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    

[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42483) | [ISTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4440-Discussion-of-LSI-ISTj-Subtypes?p=142621&amp;viewfull=1#post142621)Well after over a decade of various relationship experience, I would say socionics is on point - NTPs make for best matches for SFJs due to shared cognitive functions placed in reverse order. Thing is that MBTI and Socionics types aren't the only factors that determine the quality of a relationship, and they aren't the only typologies out there either, so it's not like any NTP can match to any SFJ. However, sharing same cognitive functions does make things run much smoother in a relationship so it will always be a bonus. The general rule for  type matching is seeing what types share your tertiary and inferior function as one of their strong ones. For SFJs this happens only with NTPs, but the next best matches are NFPs and STPs. NFPs lack Ti while STPs lack Ne so there will be more compromises and misunderstandings in SFJ relationships with them.The sensing functions Si/Se are described somewhat differently. However, in Socionics Ni is still defined as being "Introverted Intuition". So if you are sure you are dominant in "Introverted Intuition" Ni - and you have to be sure of this to type as an INFJ in MBTI in the first place - then the only two types that you can be in Socionics are IEI and ILI, two types that have "Introverted Intuition" Ni as their leading function. It wouldn't make sense to suddenly switch to having "Introverted Thinking" Ti or "Extraverted Sensing" Se as the first function, now would it? So an INFJ who switches to types like INTj/LII or ESFp/SEE in Socionics would raise some questions as to how they've made such a leap.             
      
The people who choose types that have different functions between the two typologies are usually the ones who aren't paying attention to cognitive functions. They go by reading type profiles and comparing traits. They are looking for profiles that would most accurately describe their personality, as they see it themselves, and dismiss the fact that the types they have chosen could have vastly different functions. Which is a mistake imo, because it's cognitive functions that are the basis of type, not the derivative type profiles that will vary even within MBTI author by author. Someone who chooses to be dominant in "Introverted Feeling" doesn't magically switch to being leading in "Extraverted Intuition" when crossing over.         
       
Going by functions, I wouldn't type anyone differently in MBTI and Socionics, and for introverted types this means a switch in j/p (i.e. INTP =&gt; INTj/LII) as a poster above has already described. Socionics intertype relationships will also transfer to MBTI types, given those involved are accurately typed and the j/p switch for introverts is followed.The one that shares your cognitive functions in common - like, duh!!    
     
For an INFJ these are ESTP and ISTP. For an INTP these are ISFJ and ESFJ. And so the list goes.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
       [INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     
       
[INFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42491) | [INFJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/44198-IEI-INFp-Subtypes?p=40033&amp;viewfull=1#post40033)They share in tertiary +Ti. In Socionics these types are "benefit" partners and benefit types always share something 40/40.Yeah even if they don't *fully* get you, you kinda let it go. Deep down they still understand &lt;333Having dealt with INFP males no lol I don't assume thatTry carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones she matches. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out types of your family members or friends.    

[ESFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42477) | [ESFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_subtypes)    

[ESFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42479) | [ESFJ subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_subtypes)Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
      
[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42483) | [ISTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4440-Discussion-of-LSI-ISTj-Subtypes?p=142621&amp;viewfull=1#post142621)    
        
[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)He's INTP, logical dominant rationalizer.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
          
[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42488) | [INTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/15943-INTp-ILI-Subtypes?p=283525&amp;viewfull=1#post283525)    
        
[ISTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42481) | [ISTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4964-ISTp-SLI-Subtypes?p=105487&amp;viewfull=1#post105487)That doesn't really work for me. As an INFJ I can sleep with lights and some noise, like the humming of engines of a plane. I'll zone out for 2-3 hours during a flight no problem. So doubt that inferior is used to sleep.      
        
For me inferior Se is more like being able to focus on only one object and not seeing the panorama or the entire landscape of what goes where and what fits where, and considering physical properties of things always feels like a drag, the slow step in the equation. As a result, whenever I have to deal with "stuff" I tend to lose a lot of time, and would rather have a sensing type around so they can deal with it.Socionics crowd has him as IEI enneagram type 4, which is their Ni-Fe type, so INFJ 4 in MBTI: [Yorke poll](https://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6072-Thom-Yorke)There is already one, was posted on facebook and it works like magic!!! - [MBTI typing flow chart](https://i.imgur.com/S98BliS.jpg)You need to read about cognitive functions instead of going by profiles. Read chapters titled ["The Introverted Feeling Type" and "The Introverted Sensation Type"](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types) and try to figure out your dominant function (Fi for ISFP, Si for ISFJ).        
         
To convert to socionics:     
MBTI **ISFP** functions are **Fi-Se-Ni-Fe**. This corresponds to functions of [Socionics ESI, also Fi-Se type](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI) as you can see.         
        
MBTI **ISFJ** functions are **Si-Fe-Ti-Ne**. This corresponds to functions of [Socionics SEI, also a Si-Fe type](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEI).       
       
[The dual type of ISFJ is the ENTP.](https://www.personalitycafe.com/isfj-articles/285-love-types-isfj-5.html#post4235430)          
[The dual type of ISFP is the ENTJ.](https://www.personalitycafe.com/isfp-articles/288-love-types-isfp-11.html#post22271698)   
             
So a quick way to figure out your type would be to spend 2-3 weeks reading ENTJ and ENTP forums and figuring out which type sounds less annoying and more relatable.INFPs are usually EII in Socionics, and INFJs are usually IEI in Socionics.           
Take a look at the results of the [**MBTI-Socionics Type Poll**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/181279-poll-mbti-inxx-types-what-your-mbti-socionics-type.html)      
           
**33 out of 52 INFJs** converted as IEI (INFp) in Socionics. This is 63%.      
Only 16 out of 52 chose EII. This is 30%.      
**Thus MOST INFJs are IEIs.**      
          
**43 out of 69 INFPs** converted as EII (INFj) to Socionics. This is 62%.     
19 out of 69 went with IEI. This is 27%.     
**Thus MOST INFPs are EIIs.**      
      
      
I really don't know why some of you keep spreading misinformation that INFJ=EII when it's so easy to check that MOST INFJs are IEIs.     
      
It's also easy to understand why most INFJs are IEIs: INFJ has exactly same cognitive functions as IEI.       
MBTI **INFJ** functions are **Ni-Fe-Ti-Se**.         
Socionics [**IEI** also values **Ni-Fe-Ti-Se**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEI) as can be readily seen on IEI page.        
MBTI **INFP** functions are **Fi-Ne-Si-Te**.        
Socionics [**EII** also values **Fi-Ne-Si-Te**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII).        
       
Some go on to argue that Socionics and MBTI don't define functions the same way. But they DO definite the basics of those functions. Intuition is still Intuition in Socionics. It is not Feeling. Thus if somebody is dominant in Ni, introverted intuition, it makes no sense for them to claim to be dominant in Fi, a feeling function when switching. Chances are the minority of INFJs who chose EII have never studied cognitive functions, which is common on these forums, so they never caught this error in their self-typing. Or they could be INFPs and ENFPs from the beginning, which is a common mistype into INFJ.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to differentiate types:     
      
[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    
     
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)&gt; There’s fundamental differences you’re not accounting for... IEI has an IP temperament which directly conflicts with the J type in MBTI. 

You seem to be confused about the sub-groupings in these typologies. Socionics IP/EP irrational temperaments are NOT the same thing as MBTI Judger-Perceiver. MBTI has no equivalent of Socionics Rational-Irrational temperament divide, and IP does not equal "Perceiver". The fact that IEI is IP temperament does not translate any way to J/P in MBTI because MBTI doesn't have this dichotomy.    
    
Simply put: **Socionics Rational/Irrational or temepraments = / = MBTI J/P**     
      
But you also need to look at the bigger picture. The bigger picture is that EVERY type is both J and P at the same time, because every type contains Judging and Perceiving functions within itself. So INFJ being a Ni-Fe-Ti-Se type is a Ni-Perceiver, Se-Perceiver, Fe-Judger, and Ti-Judger. No type is only judging or only perceiving - they are always a mix of the two. This will also be influenced by subtypes, as I heard an INTJ girl say she could never identify with the Judger aspect of her type. Why? Because she was Ni-INTJ. Her Ni subtype made her life closer to what she had read about MBTI perceivers. Every type has such subtypes, there are Ti-INTPs who are closer to being Judgers and Ne-INTPs who are the perceiving version of their type. So it's a mistake to label an entire type as either Judging or Perceiving - this will depend on person's subtype within that type, and what function they are relying on at the time. Any type has the ability to switch between J and P functions, and thus is Judger and Perceiver at the same time.
         
&gt; There’s also noticeable differences in the function definitions. Fe in both are not the same. In MBTI Fe accounts for ethics, but in socionics Fe doesn’t, Fi does.      
      
They are the same in sense of being Extraverted Feeling. If a person values Extraverted Feeling, and is dominant in Introverted Intuition, they will be INFJ in MBTI and IEI, Ni-Fe in Socionics. There's nothing else they can be. The rest is nitpicking through semantics, which author wrote what about each function. They don't even agree on functional descriptions within the MBTI community, as every author describes Fe slightly differently. But since descriptions of each type are based on their valued cognitive functions, that is functions form the foundation for each type, you always need to go to the primary source and look at functions first, rather going by qualitative type descriptions that are merely secondary derivatives where authors won't always agree. So if a person values Extraverted Feeling, and leads with Introverted Intuition, they cannot be any other type but INFJ in MBTI and IEI in Socionics.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
      
[ESTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42480) | [ESTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7546-LSE-ESTj-Subtypes-discussion-and-examples?p=139868&amp;viewfull=1#post139868)   

[ENTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42486) | [ENTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/46746-LIE-ENTj-subtypes?p=138234&amp;viewfull=1#post138234)ENTJs talk more, ESTPs do more. ESTPs are more easily bored of discussions than ENTJs and want to start on some activity already.  Also try carefully reading through socionics profiles. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out types.    
      

[ENTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42486) | [ENTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/46746-LIE-ENTj-subtypes?p=138234&amp;viewfull=1#post138234)    
      
[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
          
[ESTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42478) | [ESTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you?p=129978&amp;viewfull=1#post129978)   

[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)INFP and INTJ is called "benefit" relations - [**INFP relationship types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882) - and it's a pretty common relationship match-up. You should see the Personality Cafe INTJ section:) there are threads up about this pairing almost every few weeks. Benefit pairs are commonly found and have been thoroughly discussed and described in those threads.      
     
The most ideal pairing is the one that has all of our valued functions but in reverse.     
For INFP this would be type ESTJ:    
     
**INFP's functions: Fi-Ne-Si-Te &lt;-- ESTJ from this end**    
**ESTJ functions: Te-Si-Ne-Fi &lt;-- INFP from this end**    
     
Your types are basically one and same type, but with varying strengths, which is what makes this the closest match. Too bad too few of us come to recognize our dual matches. INTJ basically gives the INFP half of an ESTJ, but INTJ will always seek Se which INFP cannot provide. INTJ's dual is the ESFP - [INTJ love types](https://www.personalitycafe.com/intj-articles/412-intj-relationships-10.html#post3846707)Sounds like weak Fe / painful Fi with the overstated fears of letting people down.She's IxxP type, has rational introverted function as her dominant one, but IxFP type for her is more likely than ISTP my 2centsOnly for those who can't separate the actors from the roles they play - two completely different things imo - and those who haven't bothered looking up actor interviews.Why not also look into sensing types, types similar to INFP like ISTJ (same cognitive functions) and ISFP (another Fi dom)? Plenty of sensors mistype as intuitives buying into MBTI's intuitive hype. Also try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.       
     
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     
[INTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42489) | [INTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/23058-Discussion-of-LII-INTj-subtypes?p=468892&amp;viewfull=1#post468892)    
[ISTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42481) | [ISTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4964-ISTp-SLI-Subtypes?p=105487&amp;viewfull=1#post105487)      
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   
[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)I've seen the following 1) Any type with strong Ne usually sees too many possibilities to narrow down a type. It's also more typical for Ne types to mistype into Ni types than vice versa (ex: INTP-&gt;INTJ) 2) Fe-dominants adjust too much emotionally to others to the point of forgetting about themselves which complicates type finding process 3) enneagram types 9, 3, and 6 often have porous interpersonal boundaries so they are often unsure of what types best fit them.No, Fe-Ti creates a nice balance. But there's a ton more that comes into interpersonal convos and relationships that *could* create an annoyance that doesn't get covered by MBTI.[Discussion on a similar topic](https://old.reddit.com/r/entp/comments/dcpfda/fell_in_love_with_isfjsocionic_isfp/). MBTI also puts ENFP as ideal match for INFJ, and it's contrary relationship according to socionics. In my experience socionics has it right. There is often initially an instant attraction and recognition in contrary relationships, which is what MBTI has noticed, but it is not long-lived. Later down the road differences in valued functions start to show. INFPs really need help with their Te, and they can only get that from other Te types, while ENFJs appreciate some Ti in their lives. Together they can't provide the needed functions for each other, then cracks start showing up within their relationship. They start placing demands on each other to act more like their dual, yet both get exhausted if they have to act this way. This is not to forget that your contrary is also an activity partner to your conflictor, so that INFP will eventually befriend an ISTJ somewhere along the way and bring them to their ENFJ. Contrary relations are much better for casual friendship and activities but not LTRs. In relationships with people with opposing values you'll always be under a measure of stress, having to act according values that are foreign to you else risk being misunderstood. Some just learn to put up with this and consider it being normal part of their lives, not knowing things could be much better. It is much easier to be with members of your own quadra and duals do have this uncanny ability to understand each other sometimes even from one look and without words.&gt;  anyone in the real world understands that it’s easier for intuitives to get along with intuitives

Except when you decide to get married and get a home or a house of your own, and suddenly someone has to take care of it, do the maintenance, look after the cars, shovel the snow, wash the dishes, do laundry and cook for entire family and so on and so forth. That's when a intuitives deflate and start remembering how much they actually need those sensing types in their life, who actually enjoy handling all these sensory tasks and make them appear so easy. Two intuitives together just start to push responsibilities onto each other until one of them gives in and starts adopting the role of the sensor while they will quietly feel resentful over it. Sometimes they choose to simply not have kids because they feel that they cannot take care of them, so that's another option.No, because what makes a type is its cognitive functions, and ENTPs and ENTJs share ZERO functions in common. ENTPs value Ne,Ti, Fe, Si while ENTJs value Te,Ni,Se,Fi so there's no overlap between them. They are similar only superficially, but deep down inside they are vastly different. If you're having trouble figuring out your type, try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to find your type.        
[ENTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42487) | [ENTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/1727-ILE-ENTp-Subtypes?p=35818&amp;viewfull=1#post35818)   
[ENTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42486) | [ENTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/46746-LIE-ENTj-subtypes?p=138234&amp;viewfull=1#post138234)I've heard this from ISFJs, INFJs, and ENFJs so it could be a Ti thing, kind of mentally checking out of the situation.Generally it takes years of practice to start typing accurately, so if you're new to MBTI then don't worry it's a slow learning process for most. To help yourself along the way, try carefully reading through socionics profiles of types. They are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to start telling types apart. E.g.:    
     
[INFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=IEI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42491) | [INFJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/44198-IEI-INFp-Subtypes?p=40033&amp;viewfull=1#post40033)    

[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42488) | [INTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/15943-INTp-ILI-Subtypes?p=283525&amp;viewfull=1#post283525)    
     
[INFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=EII_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42490) | [INFP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7432-EII-INFj-Subtypes?p=138200&amp;viewfull=1#post138200)     

[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)Ti and Te auxiliary types are best at explaining logical stuff. Types with inferior Ti/Te on the other hand expect others to understand them:      
       
**Auxiliary Ti:** "Ti as creative function in ILE (ENTp; Don Quixote) and SLE (ESTp; Zhukov) - likes to deliver long, detailed, creative explanations, excellent teacher or instructor, "I will explain for as long as they will listen, until I'm 100% sure that everyone understood everything." Asking him a question sometimes you will be listening to an answer for hours. Sometimes he simply looks for someone to speak about his understanding of something (escaping such a situation can be difficult, unless one tells him so directly)."       
**Inferior Ti:** Ti as suggestive function EIE (ENFj; Hamlet) ESE (ESFj; Hugo) - deliberately searches for a place where everything is clear and avoids those places where something remains unclear, primarily from the point of view of common sense. Needs people who know how to make complicated things more understandable and becomes attached to such people. If you tell him that something is going to be difficult to understand, then he won't even make attempts.

[**Reference: Aspects in Valued Functions by Dmitry Golihov**](https://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/193-Aspects-in-the-Valued-Functions-Dmitry-Golihov)&gt; shouldn't Ti do the worst job at articulating its thoughts? Because Ti makes things make sense for its user only,

I've worked as a TA at my university, and having to teach several classes of students and explain course material to them I haven't found this to be the case. My Ti did fine explaining material to them, and my sections scored above average on final exams. Whether or not Ti makes sense to others depends on a lot of other factors, like if the Ti user is reasonable then what they are explaining will be reasonable as well and not out of reach for others to understand.&gt; I just took three different test successively and my results were:   
     
That must be the Sociotype test. The owner of that website designed his test to give several type results ranked by likelihood, which is why it's giving you different results but notice how these are all NTs types, or in Socionics terms it's placing you into [Researchers Club](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Researchers).     
           
Often, and for reasons unknown, those who get into socionics decide that the Sociotype test is the official test for Socionics, whereas it is simply a test made-up by whoever hosts that website. Whether it will give you 10 type results or how accurate it is is entirely under responsibility of whomever designed that website and made that test. [Wikisocion](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Wikisocion_home) is considered to be a more credible source of socionics info because it has many articles that are directly translated material written by Russian-speaking socionists.    
      
If you're having trouble narrowing down between LII (Ti-Ne) and ILI/LIE which value Te and Ni , try reading about [**information elements**](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Information_elements#Introduction) and consider which ones seem most like you. Can you relate to description of Ti over Te, or do you relate to description of Te more? Ask yourself same about their descriptions of Ne and Ni.       
     

&gt; Notice how he maps INTP to ILI, LII &amp; ILE... which corresponds with 2 of the 3 results I got for the tests I did myself.    
     
I'm not sure what that guy is doing ... his mapping doesn't predict my own type results on socionics tests. From a broader context, if you take a look at type conversion polls you'll see that [over 95% of respondents who are extraverts in MBTI will convert to exactly same type in socionics](http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/296746-mbti-enxx-types-what-your-mbti-socionics-type.html). This means that LIE-ENTj will most likely be ENTJ in MBTI rather than INTP or any other type. And, [around 65% of introverts converted into types that have same first and second cognitive functions](https://www.personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/181279-poll-mbti-inxx-types-what-your-mbti-socionics-type.html) i.e. most of MBTI's INFJs pick IEI-INFp which is also a Ni-Fe type while most of INFPs will convert as [EII-INFj  - a Fi-Ne valuing type](https://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/list.php/category/54-EII-INFj) same as MBTI's INFP. So most don't venture far from defining their type by same cognitive functions.     
      
As for type descriptions I'm wary of typing by those. They will vary depending on who has written them, such that I don't recognize myself in 50% of what's written in some of my type profiles. Some writers will confuse enneagram type for jungian types and attribute enneagram traits to MBTI types, like enneagram type 7 "The Adventurer" is often mistaken for Se, extraverted sensing, while there are ESTJ 7s who don't value it. It's a bit of a mess with descriptions. I personally stick to typing myself and others by cognitive functions, which are the primary source and the foundation for jungian types, and this approach has worked well so far for both MBTI and Socionics.It doesn't feel much different than meeting anyone else, but over time if you have an opportunity to talk and preferably help each other out, they start growing on you and you start missing them when they are gone. I compare it to this situation: imagine you had no shadow but a contour of one, and it subtly bothered you that you only have this contour and it's not filled in, well your dual comes and suddenly that contour fills up. Why I compare it to a shadow is because dual effect is mostly subconscious. Their strong Ego block functions, these are 1st and 2nd function in MBTI, fall into your unconscious block, which is why often there is often no immediate conscious recognition of each other ([Ti &amp; Se are in super-id unconscious block for ENFJ](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ENFJ)). However, I've noticed that sometimes duals will make each other laugh a little too much, their behavior just seems so funny and enjoyable for some reason. For other effects I could recommend reading [this discussion](https://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/29701-Stages-of-Duality-in-the-Alpha-Dyads), [this one](https://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/55689-Synthesizing-descriptions-of-duality), and [this google translation of "Ode to Duality" essay](https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3A%2F%2Fsocionic.info%2Fru%2Ft%2Foda.html).... &gt;.&lt; being an ENTP watch out for "supervision" relations: [**ENTP Love Types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/entp-articles/281-love-types-entp-11.html#post10020698) it may seem cool at first, it's not so cool laterTake a look at ENTP's cognitive functions: Ne-Ti-**Fe-Si**, see how you guys are Fe-Si at the end? Those are functions of FSJs. You're basically FSJs on deep down on the inside, you need them to help you with the inferior Si and tertiary Fe, yet you keep rejecting them, ignoring them, putting them down. Meanwhile your relationships with INFPs fail because their dominant Fi is ENTP's weakest point, and the INFP will always be inadvertently hitting you there. My ENTP ex already went chasing after his INFP supervisors - almost every immature ENTP goes through this stage - then wondering why his personal life is such a wreck. These supervisory relationships are full of heartbreak for the ENTP.INFP and ESFJ are in "mirage" relationship and yes, it is difficult for mirage types to get into each other's heads. The understanding in halfways, probably why this relationship is called a mirage one.   
     
[**MBTI types in relationships with INFPs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infp-articles/277-love-types-infp-22.html#post10017882)    
[**MBTI types in relationships with ESFJs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/esfj-articles/286-love-types-esfj-5.html#post2410804)     
      
ESFJs and INFPs do have clashing logical functions, ESFJ values Ti while INFP values Te, and these tend to ignore each other's logic. INFPs listen to Te type of logica logic that ESTJs and other Te types can give them and tend to be unresponsive to Ti advice or explanations.Non-ISFJ introverted feeling type, leaning on INFJ but ISFP could also work. He's not quirky enough to be an INFP.In socionics [time is linked to Ni, introverted intuition,](https://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/155-Semantics-and-Vocabulary-of-Information-Elements) and wanting to place events or objects along a timeline + time associated imagination is usually associated with this information element.I've seen this happen, main reason was that the guy was type 3 in enneagram and a not a very healthy representative of this type at that, and he wanted to appear successful and "logical" to other people. Secondary reason was that he was dating a girl who typed as ENFP or ESFP and he wanted to pretend that he was the Te-man that she was looking for, and that they had compatible types since Te types are said to be compatible with Fi types e.g. the plethora of INTJ-ENFP relationship. But I think it's his 3-ness and over-compensation and propensity to lie to himself and others to appear more important, achieving, and successful than he really was that led this INFJ dude to type as ENTJ. Enneagram type can create an image for a person that doesn't abide by the stereotypes of their MBTI type, so you could have "head triad" INFPs believing that they are INTPs or INTJs for a long while. Since the head center would be the most active one for them, this could lead them to believe that they are Thinking types in MBTI.  It is also true that INFJs and ENTJs have similar cognitive style in socionics called [vortical-synergetic](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Gulenko_Cognitive_Styles#Vortical-Synergetic_Cognition) (these types are called LIE and IEI in socionics) so the gap between these types isn't that big.Mirages ... mirror types for ESFJ is ISFJ and for INFP is the ENFP.No, those are "contrary" types. "Contrary" types have every function in same position but reverse E/I orientation which is the case of ESFJ-ISFP and ENFJ-INFP. While "mirror" types have every function in common just positioned slightly differently.     
Take a look:    
**ESFJ: Fe-Si-Ne-Ti      
ISFJ: Fi-Se-Ni-Te** &lt;-- so the same F-S-N-T pattern as ESFJ but different E/I orientations on each function. This is "contrary" relationship. The reason it's called contrary is because every function counters the other. Same happens for INFP and ENFJ.         
And this is mirror relationship layout:     
**ESFJ: Fe-Si-Ne-Ti      
ISFJ: Si-Fe-Ti-Ne** &lt;-- every function same, positioned slightly differently. Mirror types have all letters the same, except for first letter in reserve. This is why they are called "mirrors" because they reflect each other's functions. And this is also why [this article on mirror relations](https://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/content.php/87-Mirror-Relations) lists this "ISFp (SEI, Si-Fe) - ESFj (ESE, Fe-Si)" as a mirror pairing (Si-Fe is ISFJ in MBTI).Try carefully reading through socionics profiles, they are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to tell types apart:       


[ENTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LIE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ENTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42486) | [ENTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/46746-LIE-ENTj-subtypes?p=138234&amp;viewfull=1#post138234)    

[ESFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42477) | [ESFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SEE_subtypes)&gt; As an ISTP, I don’t really see a lot of difference between us,

Really? They have completely opposite values of ISTPs. The only similarity is on surface both being introverted logical thinking types. But that's about it.    
     
ISTP: Ti-Se-Ni-Fe     
ISTJ: Si-Te-Fi-Ne &lt;-- not a single shared functional value in common with ISTPIt's unfortunately true, even though it made me feel uneasy myself. Superficially, you could be friend with anyone of any MBTI type. Deep down inside and given enough time, cracks in your relationship will start to show with people of incompatible types. It's also unfortunate that INFPs tend to ignore these cracks and persist trying to insist on having friendships with people who aren't that compatible with them, still living in their ideal +Fi world of anyone can be anyone's bff. After 30+ years of dating experience, witnessing how relations unfold in about 70 other families of close family friends, and 10 something years of hearing people's marriage and divorce stories, I can attest to the fact that matches or mis-matches of cognitive functions *will* predict how well you'll understand each other, meet each other's need, and get along in a relationship, and your MBTI types *will* predict your better or more difficult matches. There is no going around this, because types are deeply encoded in human nature and not something you can easily change or ignore at your whim.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.    
      
[ESFJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESFJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42479) | [ESFJ subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESE_subtypes)   

[ESTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSE_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ESTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42480) | [ESTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/7546-LSE-ESTj-Subtypes-discussion-and-examples?p=139868&amp;viewfull=1#post139868)&gt; Its possible you have more experience than me, but I feel like I notice the opposite all the time. People who should be a match made in heaven not working out at all. Either that, or them not having chemistry and being better as acquaintances.

A lot of people end up being as acquaintances and there is really nothing wrong with that. People form life-long friendships, families, close-knit groups only with certain others, which means that everyone else was excluded from these tight relationships formations and not everyone is matched 100% with each other. It's just life.     
         
This even works for people who "haven't worked out their exact type" as you say, because these attractions work despite of people knowing anything about their type. This has been most likely encoded into us within our genetics, and arguing against existence of these attractive forces is like arguing against the existence of gravity - it's still going to work the same way whether you are aware of it or not. Things are still going to fall down, or rise up, and Fi-Fi is still going to be on the same page more often than not rather than Fi-Ti. I remember listening to a TED talk, likely by Helen Palmer, and she was saying that even animals have preferred mates (and friends, by extension). And if they have preferred mates, there is some kind of biological and genetic guiding "signals" that allow them to identify this, that have been inherited and are still present within up.         
         
I think it's a lot wiser to re-adapt your own attitudes to this reality that is rather than feel disappointed with it. Reality is that while yes, as individuals we are matched with some other individuals over others, we still need every type in our society for it to function. And we need every type to prosper and fully realize themselves. So it's an attitude of live and let live. Choose the ones with whom you can have the closest and more rewarding relationships, and let people of other types do the same. It's the path towards both individual psychological progress and societal growth.Oki, I hope thoose links help!It's activity relations according to socionics if you want to read:

[**INTJ relationships with other MBTI types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/intj-articles/412-intj-relationships-10.html#post3846707)       
[**ISFP relationships with other MBTI types**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/isfp-articles/288-love-types-isfp-11.html#post22271698)Have ISFJ family members and no, this is not typical for them. Lots of of personality traits like how kind or cruel someone is, how generous or greedy, how talented or how plain, how bright or how dull someone is, don't depend on their MBTI type, and as such MBTI types cannot be used to extrapolate such traits onto other people of the same type. MBTI types are very general broad guidelines and don't cover a lot of individual-specific traits. For a more complete picture of someone you also need to look into other typology systems, like enneagram or instinct stackings, there are many many of them and personality doesn't stop at MBTI. Yet even this multitude of typologies still doesn't cover all of the choices people make in their lives to be and behave a certain way.If the FJ has dependent personality disorder, it's possible, but that has nothing to do with their respective types or MBTI. You need to look into DPD and codependent relationships. Personality disorders and unhealthy relationship behavior are not contingent on any MBTI type. Lots of interesting personality factors and relationship dynamics don't have much relevance to people's MBTI types, and so I have also seen it play out the other way around - an ENFP girl falling into a dependent relationship with an INFJ guy.INTJs are good at pretending to go along, until they figure you're not the one for them, with tertiary Fi it takes them a while, then they will lay in with criticism making sure they destroyed your person and that you're whimpering in a corner licking your emotional wounds.[**INFJ-ESTJ is conflict relationships in socionics**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/infj-articles/275-love-types-infj-12.html#post10082378). Reason this match of types leads to conflict is that NONE of the cognitive functions of these two types match, leading to constant misunderstandings and big gaps in personal values.       
     
Either one or both of you are mistyped, if you think ESTJ is your bff as an INFJ. P.S. tests give accurate results only like 50-70% of the time, depending on test.There's a myth that persists in MBTI that sensors are teh suck, especially ESxJs, since any time anyone has an annoying, pushy control freak of a parent or boss they will type them into those types.     
     
[**ENFPs are in fact in Activity relations with ESTJs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890) according to socionics, which is like second best relationship type in that typology, second only to duality.In socionics intertype relationship, the types that INFJ can potentially drain are ESFJ and ISFP. [**ESFJ is the supervisee type of INFJ**](http://personalitycafe.com/infj-articles/275-love-types-infj-12.html#post10082378) and supervisees may start feeling tired and worn out when spending too much time with their supervisor. For INFJs this type is the ENTJ.Try carefully reading through socionics profiles and seeing which ones you identify with. These are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out your type.      
        
[INTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ILI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [INTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42488) | [INTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/15943-INTp-ILI-Subtypes?p=283525&amp;viewfull=1#post283525)    

[ISTJ by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=SLI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTJ by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42481) | [ISTJ subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4964-ISTp-SLI-Subtypes?p=105487&amp;viewfull=1#post105487)     
     
ISTJ-ENFP is supposed to be [duality relationship](https://www.personalitycafe.com/istj-articles/284-love-types-istj-7.html#post3833786).Because ESFPs seek attention, like lots and lots of it, a mountain of attention, and they will practice and perfect their methods on getting it. Your regular guy stands no chance against an experienced ESFP.ENFP-ISFP is supervision relationship, where ENFP supervises the ISFP. You can read more about the obstacles of this relationship type in the links below. Ranking supervision on the scale of 1 out of 10 it's around 3-4, starts out better than it lasts.   
        
[**MBTI types in relationships with ENFPs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/enfp-articles/278-love-types-enfp-17.html#post10020890)      
[**MTBI types in relationships with ISFPs**](https://www.personalitycafe.com/isfp-articles/288-love-types-isfp-11.html#post22271698)Usually means that this ESTP is either the logical subtype i.e. Ti-ESTP or what's called Ti-SLE in socionics: [**ESTP subtypes description**](https://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/6796-Two-subtypes-of-SLEs-ESTps-which-one-are-you). Or this ESTP is actually an ISTP:If you read the links it will explain it in detail.Try reading through socionics profiles - they are more detailed than MBTI ones which makes it easier to figure out types:    
      
[ISFP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISFP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42492) | [ISFP subtypes](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=ESI_subtypes)      
     
[ISTP by Gulenko](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=LSI_Profile_by_Gulenko) | [ISTP by Stratiyevskaya](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/42483) | [ISTP subtypes](http://www.the16types.info/vbulletin/showthread.php/4440-Discussion-of-LSI-ISTj-Subtypes?p=142621&amp;viewfull=1#post142621)Not really, Fi is still introverted feeling in socionics. It's not defined as anything else, hence why they also write "F-i". While SEI has sensing as dominant function and Fe as creative, and is closest to ISFJ not ISFP.     
     
Anyone dominant in introverted feeling would be IxFP in MBTI and either ESI or EII in Socionics, both types leading with Fi. They wouldn't be a type leading in sensing like SEI.It's not possible, since you can't claim to lead with both Ne (ILE) and Ti (INTP) at the same time. You have to pick which one is your dominant or leading function, and which one is creative or auxiliary. Having Ti as lead or aux makes a huge difference. Maybe this will help in figuring this out: [Descriptions of functions](http://wikisocion.net/en/index.php?title=Functions).No, it says this is the best match. Duality is defined as types valuing same cognitive function but in reverse order. This ensures similarity of values while supporting each other's weakest inferior function (it's leading for your dual).     
      
Now let's take a look at function of ENTP and ISFJ:        
ENTP is **Ne-Ti-Fe-Si**      
ISFJ is **Si-Fe-Ti-Ne**    
ENTP and ISFJ have exactly same functions in reverse order! They are basically the same type from different ends.      
This is what socionics duality is described as, so it's not surprising that OP met several successful couples of these dual types listed above.
Just chiming in to say that those things are absolutely not true of INTJs! My boyfriend is one and whilst he might seem a bit cold when you meet him for the first time (mainly due to not being very expressive or super talkative) he has a heart of gold and is one of the sweetest people I know. He is also so considerate of my feelings and definitely takes them into account! He is very intelligent as well but not an exceptional genius nor is he particularly academic (I am the academic over-achiever in the relationship and I am an INFJ). So definitely don't write off being an INTJ based on everything you just said.There is some broad correlation to personality disorders but not much (that is not so much type specific but more broadly related to the letters). Here is a good and relatively short paper on the topic: http://www.uccs.edu/Documents/dsegal/An-empirical-investigation-Jungs-types-and-PD-features-JPT-2.pdfINFJ: Language, Self, SocialCurrent type: INFJ

Introverted type: INTJ

Extroverted type: ENFPHarry Potter! JK Rowling is a self-professed INFJ.I think the inability to take one’s own advice/cognitive dissonance between an external situation and your own is common to all people and is a fundamental part of human nature. Not exclusive to INFJs!I’m an INFJ, my sister is an ENFP and my mum is an ESFP.INFJ and I got 100%. I’m a lawyer though so I’d bloody well hope I’d get them all right! I would say ENFJ. My best friend is a textbook ENFJ and they sound exactly like her. Normally most people don't see the judgemental and snappy side of them but I find that they are far more likely to demonstrate that side to people they're closest too, because they spend all the rest of their time being so warm and demonstrative in the outside world. I've definitely borne the brunt of her irritability a fair amount! And the fact that this dumb spiel from an "INTJ" even has any upvotes.

&gt;  I would put these degenerates in prison if it were up to me.

A "simple fact" indeed...These types are very different so I wouldn't think it would be a common mistype at all. An easy way to tell them apart is an ENTP will tend to be a lot less concerned with offending people around them, they love to play devil's advocate etc. An ESFJ is the complete opposite in that respect; very astute and aware of social dynamics, never ever wants to offend and prioritises harmony over all else. 

What made you think your friends were ENTP?Hmm I would disagree with your sister. Both Fe and Fi users can be aggrieved by small things, the difference is how they would handle those feelings. Fe users find it more difficult to internally manage their emotions and process them best when they can externalise them. So a Fe user is more likely to air their grievances, or talk about them with someone, whereas a Fi user is more likely to internally process them.I'm getting ENTP with good Fe. Great combination! Competent Fe by an ENTP opens so many possibilities.Oh my god you are describing one of my best friends, who for the love of god I cannot type whatsoever. Your sister sounds so similar to her! I made her take 16personalities and she got ISTP too. But she loves fashion, makeup and dressing up. I can see the Ti in the fact that she's a lawyer (and a very good one at that; she studied Law at Oxford with me and got a first class degree). I am also sure of her use of Se; she loves working out and is very good at sports, she enjoys partying, physical experiences, she is very materialistic. She can be a bit unhealthy towards her body actually, very impulsive and indulgent. She definitely has an introverted streak, she likes to recharge alone and is quite self-reflective but she is also quite loud and forward in social situations and socialises a fair amount. I've been able to bring out her reflective and emotionally astute side being her close friend (and I'm an INFJ) but it was definitely not something that came naturally to her when we first met. She is a very considerate person and hates letting people down but can also say some off-beat things in social situations and seems a bit unaware.

I am LOST. Just thought I'd reply to your post because it's the closest I've seen to something similar. I mean that’s you. My ex was INTJ and was very attractive, put a lot of work in the gym, dressed really well etc. In fact I’d say inferior Se is more often associated with being presentable and caring about one’s appearance. Surely not ENFP! So much feelingly feels...I find dom/aux Fi to be very overwhelmingly emotional and so I wouldn’t really consider a Fi user to be the most thinking feeler. 

Definitely INFJ :) You replied after I edited and removed my mistake. I know how functions work, I am just tipsy on wine and made a mistake! Apologies :)I’m an INFJ and my closest friends are ENFJ, ISTP, INFJ and ENFP.Inner monologue should be an Fi user.Swooning over celebrities isn’t indicative of the T/F dichotomy? That’s an indicator of thirst, which knows no boundaries.INFJ, Wild catDamn, u single? Vanjie - ESTP
Yvie - INTJ definitely. INTPs would never have a go at people for not living up to the best of their potential! You can see how much it gets to her. Also she makes a lot of tertiary Fi statements about authenticity etc.
Brook Lynn - INFJ. I’m an INFJ and see so much of myself in her.
Nina - ENFPI’m an INFJ and also prefer the phone for its directness.  Seems like most INFJs don’t. I’m a type 3 though, so your theory kind of holds!
Cool! Thanks.  I do not have much insight into ENFJs, and when I read online descriptions they didn't seem to exactly fit my friend.  Yes, she definitely takes an interest in new people in general, and I have also seen her take people under her wing.INFJ.  She and I get along very well, and she is one of my select few inner circle people.  She seems different from me, but I don't like to presume to tell people that they are not the type they self-identify with!  Plus, not every type looks the exact same.  I have met some other INFJs, and they seemed different from me and from each other in various ways.

Thank you for directing me to that post! I want part 2 (-: The ENFJ descriptions I've read did not seem to fit my friend because they are all about teaching other people and great social causes and helping people.  She is really clever and multi-faceted and has a great interest in science, and has never gravitated towards teaching/counselling type work.  When she was in school she considered that she might be a T type (oh, just realized I was not totally accurate in my post when I said typing as -NFJ has stayed consistent for her).  She also didn't seem like an ENFJ because she does not seem to have any interest in leading groups nor any tendency to be the least bit manipulative. (edit: that I have seen.  Strong opinions, yes, so slightly domineering, but that has lightened up a bit).

Oops, I perused your posts for more information on ENFJs and found part 2, right next to part 1. Amazing attention to detail I have.I find that really weird too.  Leadership and ability to influence people seems to be a distinct part of every ENFJ description I read.  

Her focus on people seems to be more about relating, supporting, and enjoying them (and hoping they like her) and less about reading people deeply (though I feel she can) and being able to sway and influence people.  Maybe she is an ESFJ?! That would kind of blow my mind, but maybe I'm not as good as recognizing another NF as I think.

Cool, I will read up on the ENFJ Ti inferior function!  Descriptions that don't go into those depths end up confusing me, because they paint ENFJs as very friendly, gregarious, potentially manipulative, and not necessarily deep, smart, and logical.  If you have a particularly good ENFJ description you like, I'd love a link.27/F/Canada

* I have always felt the need to write and to keep journals.  I will feel itchy and frustrated if I don't write for a long time.
* I read voraciously from a young age.  Now internet browsing has unfortunately replaced my reading attention span, so I don't read books as often.
* Moving towards growth and enlightenment is one of the most important things in my life, one of my reasons for being here.
* My other reason for being here is service to others.  I start to wilt when I'm not in a job that helps people or has any larger meaning to me.
* I am pretty hard on myself.  I've improved this tenfold over the years, but I have started to accept that it is a tendency I have built in.
* I generally like everyone from a far and see the best in them, however I am extremely picky about who I will spend my spare time with.  
* Because I am kind and understanding, I tend to get a lot of clingers.  I try to distance myself from these people as nicely as possible, because the idea of hurting someone will make me feel sick inside.
* I read people easily.  I can often tell a lot about a person's depth and intelligence right off the bat.
* I have been interested in psychology and psychiatry since I was 8
* I really dislike people who are mean-spirited and lacking integrityISTP?  INTP?  (I'm not particularly good at this yet, but I'll try)INFJISTP?Your first guess is very closeVery closeYes! Yes, INFJ is rightWhat does an ISTJ need in a romantic partner?  Are you prone to staying in unsatisfying relationships?Cool, thanks. Once you knew the relationship was irreparable, would you act swiftly to end things or would things kinda drag on until you found a way to make an exit?INTJ is my guess.

Edit: question for anyone reading this.  Why do "type me" posts get downvoted?  Just wondering.Hmm! XXFX.  I sort of thought INFJ, then INFP, then ENFJ (I know some commonly mistype as introverts and may very well have some I qualities), then ISFJ, then ENFP (also may commonly tend to feel they are introverts).  I don't know much about the inner worlds of ESFJs yet, but maybe it is a possibility because of the Fe that seems to be there?

Sorry for my lack of insight (:  I think I would say INFJ, ISFJ, or ENFJ. This to me sounds like you have Fi. I wish I were better at this, but I'm new and that's my one thought from reading this and I could be wrong. Hugs to you--I know you have a whole lot of not-shitty future to look forward to (some shitty, but also not-shitty!). Annnd I now understand Ni and Si better than ever before.Hmm that was cool.  Demonstrated to me how Fe and Fi are both lovely in their own different ways.  I think videos like this could help neutralize bias towards thinking one function is superior to another.Cool, thanks!  Just as a follow-up:  What makes you *not* want to be friends with someone?  Do you instinctively dislike or feel uncomfortable around certain types?I am guessing here. Cora could be INFP or ISFP?
Thomas does not particularly seem like an ENFP to me.  Maybe a T type? 
* waits for everyone else *I know an ENFP that WOULD be a terrible driver, for SURE.  He doesn't drive.

Then there's a really well-rounded ENFP who is a great driver in some ways (good with timing of slipping in and out of lanes, assertive, good with assessing best driving routes) but preeetty bad in other ways (noticing pedestrians).But I thought it was agreed upon that the traits were measured on a scale, in other words, no one is "all" E or I, but somewhere on a scale between the 2.  It seems fair to say that there are varying degrees of introversion or sensing for example that would impact behavior?  But I understand how determining one's preferences (the 4 letters) is relevant because it gives you your cognitive preferences rather than "degrees" of balance or unbalance.Ah I see! Thank you! I'm getting so sick of this rampant INFJ=muscles stereotype.I get contact-confidence from reading ENTJ posts.Yes, but anything's possible.  It's always been pretty unambiguous for me because I obviously do not prefer E S T or P.

I first learned about mbti as a teenager.  I can't remember my exact age, but it was 11-14ish years ago.  I felt understood for the first time.  It was like receiving a rush of "aha!'s" and having my eyes opened to myself.  The feeling was "[whoa](https://media.giphy.com/media/WDPoOfeQMOx6o/giphy.gif)" if "whoa" can be a feeling.

I have continued to reference mbti over the years.  I always test the same and self-identify with the same preferences.  I've also since been through the Step I and II with a practitioner.  Still receive tons of value, insight, and growth referencing INFJ descriptions.  

Etc! 

Edit: Re downvotes, so sorry to honestly answer the question of the thread :pMy friend is hoping someone will explain the STJ one.Worrying that we're not living up to our potential. 

And not living up to our potential.Works for me

72%
INFJ

15%
INFP

3%
ENFJ

3%
ENFP

3%
INTJWhere are you getting that INFJ is the most likely type to be a zealot/fundamentalist/radical/SJW, etc?  That is one I have never heard, and frankly I don't see it.

Also, it seems like a weird link you are making between that assumption and doorslams??  The premise of "the doorslam" is not about shutting out people who don't share the same ideology.  INFJs are very good at understanding where other people are coming from and why people believe the things they believe.  The doorslam is supposed to be about feeling emotionally hurt/abused in some way to the point that they have to withdraw.Ah, yeah I have also seen the term used to mean "cut people out" in general.The doorslam bit is one thing I can't strongly relate to.  I have an extreeemely difficult time getting rid of people that I don't want in my life, even though it would make my life better.

With some of the nonstop "takers" who were just full of shit, I did finally reach a point where I managed to be distant enough that they got the point.  But that was hard to do because I didn't have reasons beyond, "I don't like this person/friendship."

Then there have been only 3 times I can think of where I instantly lost all give-a-shit for someone (a best friend, 2 family members) but it was related to a direct conflict where I was shocked at how unacceptably horrible they were being to me (name-calling, unjustified abuse).  (edit: now that I'm thinking about this I can think of 2 more occurrences where I turned to ice with people, but those relationships actually repaired themselves).

Those scenarios are what I pull up in my mind when other INFJs talk about the doorslam.  BUT I can't tell if that is different from what any other type would do in the same situation.  And I certainly don't relate to just cutting all sorts of people out of my life willy nilly. There has to be some sort of "unforgivable" incident that just instantly turns my heart to ice.

Also, I suppose I am just choosing your comment to expound upon, and hopefully that's alright.Thanks, it seems like a normal human reaction to a hurtful offense, I'd think?  

Also, I'm not sure why you are getting downvoted in your original comment.  I think this sub would rather see the doorslam-INFJ thing go away, even though lots of INFJs seem to relate to it.  

I'm much more interested in discovering if there IS or ISN'T a distinct difference between INFJ and other types in this area, and less interested in trying to deny it as an attribute solely because no one wants to give INFJs any additional "speshul" status.Ah. Now that I can relate to.  Interesting observation.Tell me more

(I mean, if you want to)There's the sidebar on the right-hand side.  Towards the top, you'll see the name of this subreddit, some buttons to subscribe, how many people are visiting, and your name.  You can click "edit" to select your flair.*She used to type and identify as an E, now adamantly says she is an I.  The -NFJ has stayed consistent, though of course it's possible she is a different type.

*She comes off as very friendly, energetic, responsive, and caring when engaging with others.  She naturally sympathizes with and uplifts others in interactions.

*She is very empathetic.  Will feel strongly embarrassed for someone, even if they do not necessarily feel embarrassed, to the point that she will be very uncomfortable.  

*When it comes to the people she is closest to, she is very protective of their feelings and worries about them if they are in vulnerable situations where they could be emotionally hurt or disappointed.

*Emotional, and struggles big time with social anxiety and depression, though it has improved a lot.  Has sought out therapy on her own accord and found it extremely helpful.

*Tends to be emotionally honest and wear her emotions--and opinions--on her sleeve.  Won't hide a bad mood, for instance.

*Very easy for her to express her judgments/thoughts/feelings spontaneously.

*Well spoken.  Finds the right words and examples to express her thoughts fluently.  Quick mind. Clever mind.  Can summarize what other people are trying to express and helps them along when they are speaking with her.

*Can be extremely judgemental at first ("that's wrong/not normal/not what I believe/not what I do) but may come around later.  Because of this, also comes off as very certain of herself, though getting to know her deeper, you see she doubts herself and has poor self-esteem (has worked very hard to improve this).

*She's an "ideas person."  She reads books ALL the time.  I think her library card is her most prized possession.  Lots of nonfiction--loves new ideas and sharing them with other people, whether it's about something science-y or about cooking or what have you.  Also reads self-help and readily shares that information in conversation.  Also reads fiction.

*Prides herself on her university education and her intelligence.  A wee bit of a snob when it comes to how much she knows, but this is more private than public.  If someone has questions, she will summarize the information for them in digestible, easy-to-understand ways.  She is brilliant at this. And without making them feel the least bit bad or stupid.  Though she could easily make them feel stupid if she wanted to, and perhaps she might use this when she wants to feel superior if someone else is challenging her, but mostly she will not.

*Has a great memory.  Remembers information she learned in school, information she reads, information you tell her about yourself and your family and your life.  Will remember odd things that have nothing to do with her, like people's anniversaries.

*Can be severe with herself and others, in regards to things like budgeting, working out, setting goals.  Also a bit judgmental about what others are or are not doing.

*She is always on the go, at least from this lazy introvert's perspective:  Camping trips, skiing, weekends away to see family, going to someone's wedding/birthday party/other party.  She's out of town a lot.  She does a lot of activities.  Some of this may be to push herself and meet her goals (like her participation in different recreational sports teams).

*She always has crafts and hobbies and projects on the go, from implementing new ways to be thrifty, to experimenting with cooking, to wanting to learn how to make bread or cheese or soap or anything.

*She is always interested in understanding why things are done a certain way.  At work for example, she likes to understand the reasoning behind the way tasks are done, and once she understands something she will often do it in a different, more efficient way if it can be improved.  In the past I have seen her be outright challenging to others, though these days if she asks "why", it's about curiosity and genuine interest.

*She does not identify as being overly social, but does actively seek to create connections and fit in with the different groups she knows.  From my point of view, she is a social butterfly, but whenever we talk introvert/extrovert these days, she strongly identifies with being an introvert, including reading the book Quiet and passionately recommending it to other introverts.

*She does everything for her boyfriend (cooks, packs his lunch, cleans their apartment, manages the bills, laundry) and also feels resentful.  This seems to be a bit of a theme for her--doing more than her fair share and then feeling resentful.

*In arguments, she tends to hold her tongue and avoid being overly emotional when engaging with the other person, rather than getting passionate and incensed and hurling insults.  But later she might be extremely hurt and angry and be very cold.

*When she discusses things that bother and frustrate her (again, being someone very emotionally open and forthcoming) her complaints seem to be about people being unkind or unfair to her, people being rude or insensitive, people being selfish.  She complains about her relationship and how insensitive he can be and the fights they have.  She is also not happy with the "rat race" and feels she could be very content left alone to decide what she wants to do with her time.  Actually, she has a lot of drama and general life dissatisfaction.  She presents as happy much of the time, and probably is in the moment you are interacting with her, but has a lot of struggles behind closed doors.

*Very nurturing.  Knows for sure she wants kids.  Adores animals, especially dogs.  Adores babies.

*[Edit, maybe not important, but] Also has spent a lot of her early 20's "living her boyfriend's life."  Tuning into him and what he likes and wants, spending time with his friends, etc.  Has not really started to consider herself and who she is and engage in internal development until recently (mid-late 20's).

Maybe someone will be able to peg this type.  Thank you in advance if you read this and have any insight :-)As an example, might an INFJ scoring extremely high on "F" use Fe more noticeably than a borderline F/T INFJ?  Or is there no correlation there when it comes to "strength" of the cognitive preferences?

&amp;nbsp;

I am asking because I want to improve my understanding and knowledge.  It seems possible that how high or borderline we score on the 4 letters could account in a predictable-ish way for some of the wide variation within types.  Maybe there is a reason one INTP fits lock and key with INTP descriptions, and another INTP can see themselves in the descriptions but isn't quite as certain.

&amp;nbsp;

What brought to mind the question is that my ENFP boyfriend is quite borderline on all 4 letters.  ENFP descriptions do suit him, however, I see big differences between him and a couple other ENFPs I know who are not so middle-of-the-road.  The other 2 are more obviously similar to each other than to my "balanced" boyfriend, that you probably wouldn't put them in the same category just by observation alone.

&amp;nbsp;

Sorry if this question has been asked and answered many times.  Feel free to simply point me in the proper direction if so!
&gt; take this with a grain of salt

*badum tss*Do you have an example of how they act? How can you tell that they're an INFJ?welp, the best thing to always do is to ask, worst case.generally, everyone is their mbti type from birth, but their functions progress as they develop in life. So, from birth to late teens, they've mainly developed their first function and maybe barely their second. They still use all their functions, but only the first is developed for the most part. Later in the late 20's early 30's and so on people's second develops, and later 3rd, 4th, etc.Which functions tend to have either Rational or Irrational movement? Thank you for the links, I started reading the cognitive types page and will read more into it (I like the behavioral/social part of mbti and socionics). Very interesting!HelloThe ENFJ one is not relatable, when it was posted to /r/ENFJ they did not find it that representative of their type, unfortunately. Some videos may be more impactful than others/For ES types, the "E" in their name refers to their first function being extroverted, which is what correlation they share. Otherwise, the other similar point is that they're all S types, so Se has to be dominant, and Si auxiliary. Otherwise the four do not have any same function correlations as the J functions determine the rest, which is not found when specifically looking at ES types.

Their functions: (highlighted ones [either bold or italics] are determined by the letters ES)

ESFP - *Se*, Fi, Te, *Ni*

ESTP - *Se*, Ti, Fe, *Ni*

ESTJ - Te, **Si**, **Ne**, Fi

ESFJ - Fe, **Si**, **Ne**, Ti

As you can see, they aren't that similar, as they do not all share similar functions, like described above. like Kbnation said, a two letter analysis is not the best way to incorporate a full functions axis, which is why we call the types what they are referred to.

All four letters of ENFP, or ISTP, or ESTJ are used in order to map out one's functions, so it is the most efficient way to label the types, since you can look at the lettering and easily figure out what the functions are for that typeThere could be similar behaviors, but not related to sharing the same functions. I am not a good source to ask about whether ES types would have the same behaviors or not. Maybe ask a more knowledgeable mbti person about itUsually when I listen to music, I listen to one song that I really like/feel in the mood for over and over again till I loose the feeling. Then I go back to many main list of favorites till I find another song to replay. Some examples of songs I do this with have been:

Wonderwall, Stayin alive, take on me, colors of the wind, undertale - asgore's theme, I'll make a man out of you, talking in your sleep, Don't stop me now, YMCA, maple leaf rag, Sugar, dancing queen, you should be dancing, counting stars.

I also LOVE Coldplay and will binge all of their songs time to time....

Edit - also You by ten sharp. I can give you all the names of the artists of you need them for finding the songs ;)Thank you for all the videos, I've been watching them for the past half hour and they really help identify the vibe between them :D and the songs, too! I relate to them so much. Having videos definitely differentiates ESFJs and ENFJs when watching their emotions and reactions.You know, the 'story of the week' seemed really similar/pre prevalent in people I've talked with before.... Especially my dad. Telling the same stroy with the same words over and over though he's told me it plenty before. I wonder if it's from Si.Then what's the difference with ENFJ counseling than INFJ? I have a friend who's an INFJ and will sit down and talk to someone about their feelings. 

For me, I tend to ask Q's and have more of a conversation about it and sorta try to understand how they feel or are feeling. That way I can help them, but I usually don't have good advice and try to make them feel better through jokes or empathy/sympathy.So ESFJs tend to judge the actions based on the social/societal norm and compare it to their and their friend's social upbringings, while the ENFJ thinks more towards the idea/intention/roots behind the actions and less at the actual actions themselves?

This actually makes a lot of sense the more I think about it....I think he's an ESTJ, (if not, then ENTJ) as he constantly reminds me of Te when talking about motivations or what to do and what he values as important, with working. He tells me how he'd spite his teaches by working and getting A's, tells me repeatedly about his job from the same point of view over several weeks... Even if I've already heard and talked about it with him constantly. That's why I think it must be tied into Si, or partially.

 I had a friend who did this constantly as well, almost like they forgot we talked about before. Not sure what type they are thoughAsh is commonly typed as ESFP or ENFPI loved the Incredibles, inside out, and Brave = favorites, because if the characters and plot. My ultimate favorite is brave though.

My second favorites are Cars and Ratatouille. I've seen cars too many times but it still appeals to me. Ratatouille is interesting yet sad....

Monster's inc is fine too. Same with up, but it's too sad so I wouldn't want to watch it again

Never really liked finding Nemo or Wallie, and toy story is okYou said in the second bullet that you think you have extroverted feeling, but put in Fi instead of FeBut do these unconscious calculations help type people?How can u tell?I thought I was ENFP- that's what I got on the test. But the more I read about mbti and such I realized that's who I *thought I was versus who I *am*. With further reading I went from ENFP to ESFP to ENFJ. (Might be INFJ, but ENFJ seems more likely) Still don't understand all the functions fully nor each type without stereotypes, but someday I might be able to type others accurately.Movie/tv show writer/director

ENFJ:) cool. What instruments do you play?:P I got that impression, but playing piano's awesome :) hope u have fun making musicThose around me who I aspire to be, as I think they make the world a better place, or are someone who I respect/want to be like/ really care about. Those are the people who I look up to and admire.

I used to admire some of my close friends, but I no longer see them as above me, but as equals. Cheezy, yes, tho it's ok.testdangit XD

you guys changed it :PYour sentence about how everything an ENFJ does in a social circumstance being deliberate is soooooooo true I relate to that so stupidly hard it bothers me when I feel like I made a mistake or let my self fall out of reading a situation properly.

Also the bubbling ss of being in a new group often happens too, since you have nothing to loose and only more to gain about revealing more and being open helps others become open :) and usually I don't care for the opinion of strangers right away so there isn't much stress. 

Also yes, we may be manipulative but it is all for the best, we are trying to help the situation or morph it into making it comftble to everyone.THIS SO MUCH THISRecently I've been trying to type people in my own life. There's a couple people who I've felt are similar to myself, but not completely. Was wondering if they could be ESFJ or not but I have trouble distinguishing the two because of Dom Fe, which is mainly what I see/can tell. So how does one tell the difference with Se/Ni vs. Ne/Fi?
Once is a while, something clicks, and ENFP's achieve something outworldly.

Rest of the time, they are forgetful and silly.

It depends on what you value. I have one life. I would like to be myself in that.

However, If I had another, I would like to try something polar opposite.All Utopias tend to fail primarily from Fi. 

Make what you will of that.Got ENTP. am INFJ. Gave text. 

For testing, I went and gave extra paragraphs from the same conversation. Gave me ENTP again.

Similar topic, diff conversation. INTP.

A discussion on Empathy. ISTJ

A discussion on current International politics, rather large block of text. ENTJ

A discussion on how militarization of a nation - ISTJ

Another on national politics -ENTP

I also made sure there were at least two paragraphs in all submissions.

I wonder what the criterion were, because in the ENTP ones, I was pro debate, In the ENTJ one, pro national Interest, and ISTJ one, propounding stoicism.

rather Impressive.

Narcissism- 2.0
Machiavellianism- 3.2
Psychopathy- 1.0Prove math.By math.

It is an arbitrary internally self consistent system of logic.

Everything devolves somewhere into "It is so, as we observed"And the thread ends here.At what point will you consider abandoning someone? At some point, all things devolve to categorization of an observation according to a system of logic. 

What structure upon what system exactly, do you think?Can. 

Does not mean it would be something real or productive or applicable to reality. 

Magic systems in fiction, for example.Suppose you were close. And It was proven that the person in question betrayed you and was doing such actions during the period of your relation. (No family, though. Just friends and relationships). At what precise point do you  start just retributive action? 

Not necessarily violent or official or anything. May be tell others this dude did so and so, or something small even. just some action. At point will you be driven to such action?

I do have a few more questions, if you answer this, if you are open to that.Any one can determine the validity of science as long as it stands up to peer review.

You make it sound like Scientists are like some dark age priestly class.What do you think that would be? 

Define the form the evidence of it's existence in reality should take for you to accept it.

So you want proof that MBTI stereotypes to exist?

You do know how stereotypes are formed, right?

In my previous statement, "It" refers to MBTI.You haven't fully answered this one though. Just retributive action when? Or just never, leave em be? Even though taking some action may be the right thing to do? ( This includes the possibility that the perpetrator in question will repeat his actions to other unsuspecting individuals)
Well, there is a range of possible actions between Official censure and a discussion of the event. I was wondering about those.

Another, then. When things get overwhelming, do you prefer to leave the place and engage in other actions, or Withdraw and think about it?  Why and when?Do you not worry about sustainability?I refer to the statement "only the scientific community"

I did not "throw down a gauntlet". The fact remains that science is valid because it is universally observable, not a province of one Community of people. Anything a scientist does, can be replicated by anyone with sufficient work. 

OP may or may not be silly, But not trying to make a case as to why there may be good reasons to ignore the uncertainty is also silly. Scientists don't go around saying, "I said so, if you do not research this more, you are silly," without no proof. They make a case as to why this avenue of thought should be broached more. Not Human sustainability. Yours.okOh, I can't for you to finish watching it.Nothing else comes to me, That's all I guess.FE inferior. Perceptions are obviously screwed.Yes. Possible.

I think most manipulative mothers are ENFJ's.

Functions are not descriptors of behaviour. They are merely classification of the sources of it. A Te user can be low in self confidence and not act according to the logic he sees, and a Fe user can be tyrannical enough to dominate the area to match his will. The supposed actions that are associated to functions are merely stereotypes. 

The nicest people I have met IRL are ENTJ's and the worst of the worst were ISFP's.  

I find all extroverted judging functions to tend to be cunning.Te is also subject to the environment. Everything is. Just because someone uses Te does not mean he can bring down the moon. And just because one uses Fe does not mean whatever action they does will be useless.

Ugh. I feel slimy defending Fe. 

As ever, The ENTJ post is the one to Point.Easy question. INTJ's. 

While at it, Least is ENTP. Not ENTJ. I see no other possible way to read "subject to" other than "influenced by" in this context. I don't see how the argument changes now. 

Merely having a capability influences you, for example. Militaries, where Te function dominates, sees everything a problem requiring application of military power and tends to fail horribly when that is misread. 

An incapable Te dom will sit in a corner and do nothing cursing his powerlessness, just like a weak willed Fe dom conforming to death to the will of the collective.

Similar to Te, Fe is also influenced by what is, and cannot be generalised.

Let me go through yours.

Conforms - No problem, crush em with your will so that they feel what you feel.

Empathy - Uses it to better manipulate other to their end. For Empathy just refers to comprehending the feeling, not being controlled by it.

Putting Fe on a pedestal is doing it a disservice. All functions are capable of being negative. Just noticing that potential is not attacking it.Meh, don't worry. ENTJ's are Incapable of Emotional Blackmail, So it balances out.I find myself consistently partially agreeing with your unpopular opinions.

I lost it partially again in this one, when you defended FP's. I have never met shallower people. They tend to define themselves solely by their opposition of society.

As always, One point I agree with, One I don't.

No one has souls anyway. All your ideas are a combination of your exposure.Not really. I am not bitter at all. These things are merely what I perceive. 

My perceptions and Judgements retroactively do not change anything. 

We have still gone to the moon. We are still avoiding nuclear holocaust. We are, over all, still alive and thinking. 

I merely take concepts and attach them together if they make sense logically. Suppose I find evidence that people are magical unicorns that are incapable of what is currently defined as Evil, then I will use different words. It still changes nothing however. 

What I do not get Is why you think I hate everyone. I would be rather grateful If you elaborate.



No. Not like Fe's. You have to believe your own bullshit for that to work. 

In the current world, Te has the advantage. that is all. I guess that in tribal societies, Fe had more of an advantage.May be I do know it all. May be I don't. I merely say as I see. 

If there is some bitterness filter on my eyes, I would compensate for it, If I find some logical argument to prove that. 

I do not take offense to criticism. Say whatever you have to say.Ok. Make the case. Stereotypes are useless. 

I manage to breathe. what stereotype is that?

Meet me IRL, and I will do that. Otherwise, I am not invested in you enough.Am I? 

Internet opinions tend to have the impact of a housefly, especially without any reasoning.

If you think I am trolling, Just don't talk to me. Such criticism is merely lazy.

Why you are taking this personally is somewhat Intriguing.Can you elaborate why you tagged it with the word "Sterile?"

Is there any survey on the propensity of types and their predisposition to Stoicism?

I assumed Feelers are less prone to subscribe to that philosophy than thinkers.People can use all functions. It is merely a generalization.

The idea of Emotional black mail fundamentally needs Fe. They can learn to do it. So you say MBTI function classification is not accurate with Feeling function but accurate and applicable with the rest? At least, Partially?Ah, The sterile comment makes more sense now that I understand how you defined things.Hopefully, I am wrong and just met the wrong sort.What is emotional black mail? The dishonest attempt to match values between two individuals. I find such an Idea intrincially linked to Fe. 


May be the individual in question does believe their righteousness. 

Everyone can use all functions, of course. I merely generalize. 

I did not consider the scenario you proposed as emotional blackmail.
I think you are placing Fe on a pedestal by removing bad aspects of it. All the negatives given of Fe tend to be of, "They are so good, they are sacrificing their capability" Variety. This is does not match reality from what I have seen.

The mean girl runs the clique. She may be at the mercy of it, but how often have you seen that actually happen? The CEO is also at the mercy of the Company.

Of course. You can share the feelings. So? I can empathize with a criminal. I would still prosecute him.Reek, reek, It rhymes with meek.Do you subscribe to the philosophy still? Stoic, or Ultra animated. These are the only things I ever get called.I disliked chess ever since I realized it is a memory game.ok.Planning, for sure. But for me, I have personally found the primary constraint of playing it for me is memory. 

The planning comes easily to me while either remembering or composing strategies feels like a chore for the sake of it.

If the constraint was on composing plans for me, I would enjoy it. 

For this reason, and observing a few of my friends who both enjoy and are good at the game, I think chess is a Si-Te game. I prefer things where I must run a large number of threads simultaneously in my mind.

This whole thing is subjective. The poster asked of chess and Ni doms, and I gave my experience.

To compare, It's like saying Dota is a last clicker's game.All the good chess players I met are ISTJ's.ISFJ I think.

It's not like you gave any logic to initiate the groupthink. No reason to worry.Yes.

As I keep saying, Te does not mean cold emotionless machines and Fe does not mean self sacrificing empaths.I have read your stuff, But I do not think all aspects of one gets drawn out writing on internet. Hence, I cannot comment on what functions you may or may not exclude.

I also cannot comment of what brand of intuition you use. Everyone seems to describe them oddly and I find it hard to differentiate unless I see them using em.

Beliefs and actions are end results of processing, so merely knowing what you have won't help, since what is the processing the knowledge we seek.  The only thing I have is how you write then.

So, I only make comments on what I see. You argue like a Ti dom. People like their logic structures while arguing but Ti doms are the ones who place them so starkly and focus on them so much that they seem like small logic engines. ( Only proceed when you 1 in all mechanisms) This is how logic works for all, but Ti doms tend to be the ones who make it so obvious in their writings. 

That's all I got.  
If anything Te users have Fi somewhere and tend to be more connected to their emotions than the Fe users who tend to present what they desire to the world.ESTP's are fun.Huh?Ah. The only thing I remember from spongebob squarepants is EVIL.  

( Every Villain is a lemon, of course. )

( Beard bro, If you are around, Potatoes must be peeled, mate )
ENTP's  are better in the moment and faster. INFJ's are slower but after a while, they pull ahead. 

These are tendencies of course. Ne makes in the moment Fe-Ti use more accuate, But Ni over long term compiles Fe- Ti responses to instinct better. Hence the long term short term difference.ENFJ's have horrid Ti. 

They are not the combo of two. 

They are horrible at reading people in general. Being Too sunk in optimism and seeing good in people blinds one to accurately reading all aspects of them. They are the best at the Inspiration game.

INTP's are bad at it because they are bad at Fe, not because Ti is ultra reason. People have reasons. That those reasons are illogical is not an issue as long as you can see cause and effect.

Ti is subjective logic structures. Just like people and their reasonings. It is just good at deluding itself to think it is objective

Fe-Ti axis is the people reading one. Alone, Fe is only for matching values between people.  Alone, both are useless for reading people. Combined, there is no better way.never heard of this exhausting thing.

I have noticed sentence formations more prevalent with types, but not phrases in themselves.NTJ's probably.On the opposite end, NFJ's appear nicer than they are. You got anything on others? Nothing pops into my head for them.Yes.I don't think sociopaths can be FJ's.  Sadism and psychopathy, may be. But sociopathy? Aren't they supposed to not perceive emotions, and merely learn to fake their appearance? That sounds like S and T to me.huh? But that would make them fake FJs since they are not actually perceiving the feelings.Music distracts me. I prefer no music.heh.I rather envy people who can use music though.

I do use music to reset. The distraction aspect makes it very useful to refresh myself.

Many were the exams passed with the aid of this.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSVHx23ByhMISFJ is reverse ENTP.

By the pattern, the reverse INFJ's, ESTP's should be good at people reading too.The ones I have seen have good instincts though. They just tend to ignore them consistently regarding people.Describe Si, and compare that to how Si- Inf types generally try to describe it.  If you can, state the main error that is committed.This seems to be mutual. The ENTJ's I know hate ISFP's and vice versa.Make a case on betraying his younger self. 

If failed, Kidnap him. Whom do you like then?This is not an intervention in life. Merely one non repeatable event. 

I assumed your goal was getting him to the funeral with no excess damage. 

INF Se tends to lock people in Inaction. Sometimes taking away agency is good. I would appreciate getting kidnapped If I was stuck like that.Are you sure about that?are you using lazy in the standard meaning or something different like you did for hate?What makes you draw such a conclusion? People trusting their tertiary too much?What. 

This is demonstrably false in social interactions. 

What is your definition of understanding anyway? exact same mental state being replicated? 

Fe takes the cues, Ti compiles them to subjective cause and effect chains. Together, they 'read' people. It gets refined by practice and instinct.

The better you know someone, the more shockingly predictable they become in scenarios you have not seen them in.  The more you attempt this, the more smoother this whole process becomes. 

People are not random and chaotic. In general, Everyone's life makes perfect sense to them. All you need to do is match their actions to the possible framework of life they have. This framework need not be something the person is aware of. But every one has it. Understanding is comprehension. Nothing more. Reading people is a question of comprehending them. 'In this scenario, they will do this' 

Fe-Ti will read people. Fe takes values, Ti builds probable logic for it.This ends the query of this question. This is why Fe-Ti users get the reputation of knowing people better than themselves. When person does not consciously hold their framework of actions, someone who explains that will seem like they know better about their person.

Next, You don't need to display Fi to make a Fi user connect with you. Fe is value matching, not harmony. Harmony is merely one specific value.

To manipulate, One needs to

1. Display a value that elicits a particular response.
2. Comprehend the chain of logic that will stem from that particular response.

This is Fe-Ti again. 

Te-Fi is good for manipulating systems, Fe-Ti is good for manipulating people.

So, even by your non standard use of the word understand, Fe-Ti is the right answer. 

Your point on Fi is a non issue. One merely needs to alter the connection between perception and value for a Fi user for them to  change. They are stubborn, because this is a case by case intensive process. Not because this is impossible.  '' Fi pleasing '' means Fe displaying the right value, nothing more.

Then do think about it. In bad moments, every action seems like it will backfire horribly.  At such levels of paranoia, logic gets impaired. The manipulation is underdeveloped and immature then. The reading has been done wrong. Whichever values have been assumed are not truly the values, merely one aspect of them.

From the theory and observation end, this process has no errors. execution end tends to be flaky though.
 What?  execution obviously will be flaky in the beginning. It takes practice and experience.  It would be rather petulant of me to ask for natural talent and ease by default.

As for your experience, You get frustrated that you do not see enough possibilities? something else entirely? Kindly elaborate.
It is not that everyone does not do it.

It's merely an observation that ENFJ's decide on the greater good thing the fastest, tend to stick their guns to it the most, and it tends to less logically grounded in general compared to others.
 
The perfect storm, hence the label for ENFJ's.Observations can be generalized with the right precautions. It is not wrong by default.

An ENFJ girl I know does the same thing. I did not generalize from that event because it would mistaken. 
 
Logic is not subjective. At least, not the way it is relevant to this conversation.

When the type itself is classified along the lines of less logic, It is justified. That is how MBTI classifications occur, remember? An individual may break the mold, but as a whole group, there will be valid and accurate generalizations. Please don't do the moral outrage thing. 

All Mexicans are Mexicans is a valid statement. Sleepy people tend to sleep is a sound statement. INFJ's tend be bad at Se is a sound statement. 

If their logic does not hold up in debate, or gets disproven by observation, it does. That is pretty much the point of logic. It is the attempt to state the connection of cause and effect. It can only be subjective if cause and effect varies by person. 1+1 is 2, regardless of who is doing the adding.
 
You sensed inaccurately.

You assume I take it exclusively. You have no idea how I do. I haven't displayed how I do take it. Try to address my points, like I address yours.

Their wonder is irrelevant to the how good their logic is.  I do not like tagging wiki pages, But for this, that is more concise. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ignoratio_elenchi

You seem to make this black and white assumption that someone with less logic is by default bad. You are not particularly ultra logical, yet you are not bad. all good traits don't go together, all bad traits don't go together.

And that statement has already been addressed by me. "as a whole group, there will be valid and accurate generalizations. "

Agree to disagree is intellectually dishonest. It is more honest to say I don't want to talk to you or that you cannot spare the energy. If that is the case, I will merely go away.




I never said all. 

I said, the classification of ENFJ's is made on Fe Dom Ti Inf, hence they tend to be bad at Ti, compared to others. That this statement gets challenged is absurd. You yourself just agreed with me that ENFJ's tend to be illogical. I cannot build on that statement with other ideas? Absurd.

"I don't like arguing" is honest. Agree to disagree is not.
Otherwise this conversation would not have started. I merely gave the reason why ENFJ's are perceived so. You either prove how the perception is wrong, or prove how the logic structure of the conclusion from that observation is wrong. Failing to do both, you cannot say it is unjustified. 

This is not out entire world views getting pitted against each other. This is merely one single point being debated. Of course we see the world differently. Every one does. So? Somethings are still true. Flat earthers are still quacks, and 1+1 = 2.  One can be wrong on one point and still have a decent world view.


You do know that this behaviour tends to attract abusive people, right?Yes, Yes. Boundary setting is paramount. Just confirming.

How do you assert boundaries then? A friend of mine could use that,   and it comes rather instinctively to me, so I seem find it hard to put it in words.

It implies bad at building logic structures. The distinction is not relevant to this conversation.

I personally think Te is the most logical. But that is relevant here either.So many personal attacks. Such less basis.

Preferences drive people.  Drives build over a long time and create personalities. Personalities cause actions and ideas. 

Tell me how it is warped, or go away. Empty statements are devoid of impact.

Te as function deals with the objective flow of logic. 'Do this, that happens. Don't do this, and this does not happen.' Ti is subjective in that which logic structure to use is initially decided by personal preference. It is refined by use and debate, but by it's very nature, It is more subjective than Te.

Are you sure your view of Te is not warped?

That someone has a different idea means they are trolling? The world must be filled by trolls for you thenI think I agree with you on everything here in both theory and practice.

The issue I got with my friend, then, Is more of a 'how to achieve these requirements?' rather than 'what are the requirements?' Thanks for this, It is useful.

I never get good ideas for posts. My mind only starts rolling in conversations and those happen in comments.

Hey, everyone breathes air, everyone is human. People obviously must agree on at least something. A world where everyone always agrees will be boring and uninspired, but a world where everyone only disagrees will be monstrous and chaotic. 

Bluntness is, sometimes, one of the most aesthetically pleasing things in the world. 

This line of inquiry is one of the rare events when I get open ended questions. most of the queries I have get finished in conversations. Probably because I ask things that are extra specific. 

You wanna ask, or shall I?  

Conflict is caused by the clash of values. 

People who give primacy to values while least inclined to believe in and seek objective truths should be the most averse to conflict. People who prefer to gain their values through exploration of the world. 

My guess is ISFP's and INFP's.

Things should change over the internet though. Awareness does not indicate confrontation. Flight or fight, after all.Conscious cognitive frameworks change.

Do subconscious cognitive tendencies change? That would prove whether type change can happen. While I would personally say yes, I have no evidence for what goes in the subconscious. Cool. Good to see old people who make life changes can be emulated by all and that they are not aberrations.

Empiricism is king of course. When I punch you in the face, If your theory disagrees with that event, your theory is wrong.Si with Fe. 

xSFJ As you say, Way too many factors.  Enough to make me confused where to start. I can merely see what others do and see whether I agree with it or not. And as I said previously, I can see nothing wrong here.

On lowering boundaries, however. Suppose I get advice to do something, and I do not agree with it, If I keep getting similar advice through different channels, all of which are unconnected from each other beyond knowing me, I try it out. Everyone misses the obvious things sometimes, and this practice is something that has generally paid off for me.Instinctively do what sort of things?For you to say too many boundaries, you must have noticed some tendency of practice that creates such things within you. Any examples?You know, this the point after which I will be selfish, and beyond that, I shall be selfless. That sort of thing.  

Some do by topics, some do by atmosphere, some do by experiences, and there, it varies based on person themselves, all that. 

From all this, if there is some core principles sort of thing to be stated for every function, I would like to know of it.1. Harmony is overrated.
2. Empiricism is king.
3. Empathy is not magic.

I am not sure about how many others subscribe to this, but,
4. Intuitives deserve no special treatment.we are supposed to be most extroverted introverts ,  the counter part of ENFP's.

Not trying to insult anyone, but most of the self identified  INFJ's are INFP's. Harmony seeking is just another value, not completely paired to Fe.

16, huh? it was some 17-18 to me.  Cool.



INFJ's are famously known to tend towards liking ENTP's. Though you may disregard that because Inf sensing.

I mostly have problems with Ji doms in general. And in this split, they are spread around.

It used to be bigger before compared to how it is mostly assuaged now, But I was very afraid I was possibly insane.  who knows. 

Probably by throwing conversational Ni baits or something. But that vary for individuals. Really? ISFP's? 

The ones I know tend to be recluses.TP's and FJ's?Which are?that's 12 out of 16.
INFP so hard.

Probably INFJ if not that, But I would still lean heavily towards the former.Fi is authenticity of mind. Fe is authenticity of action and consensus. They are both value oriented judgement fuctions, merely directed in different directions.

Since mind dictates action, Fi can appear similar traditionally associated with Fe characteristics.  And people have idealized Fe too damn much.

That F is somewhere is obvious, So it becomes a question of what else. I don't see sensing or thinking dom or aux at all. I don't see how the case could be made from what you wrote. 

So N remains. The emotionless thing sounds like Fi-Te where you are stuck in inferior or a particularly bad Ni-Ti loop. The vividness and nature of imagination sounds like Fi-ne rather than Ni-Fe.  It's more like you are returning the pain you felt primarily rather then enacting perceived Justice which tends to be what Ni-Fe responds with.

Hence, INFP.  The made the game and to some extent, the rules. 

Analogy kinda fails, but your point is accurate regardless.
What do you see?Some one tried to sabotage my life. In retaliation, I screwed with him for 2 years. 

Should have toned it down after a while.I thought trapped in tert Ni.

"I don't have good reasons to say this but I am right" Smells of Ni. why?Just asking because I would have been primarily interested in the cause rather than after effects.

I made him a joke.

Edit: I find it hilarious that anyone would downvote recollections in this thread. Grow up, easily offended children. this thread is about bad things people did.Fi is what now?

Ti is correlated to Self awareness. Not Fi. 

This self awareness if why Ti traps people to think they are being objective. They miss things they are not aware of, and hence they consider them irrelevant.His dad died a couple months after I stopped. I wonder if I piled extra issues than what was necessary.

If it was current me, I would have attempted sabotage in retaliation once and move on instead of 2 years of wasting time. I was never a fan of disproportionate retribution, I was just too damn pissed off since I considered the guy a friend before.The specifics elude my memory now, It was a decade ago, and it was a rather stressful time. 

The gist of it is that I was betrayed, with direct consequences on me earning my livelihood, by some one who I considered a semi decent friend, for the purposes of him getting ingratiated to others. 

This was avoided through sheer dumb luck and I was immensely pissed off.

You consistently peel back one layer of understanding and stop there, assuming the search is over.
Exactly.Is that your default response to disagreement? Calling the others trolls?A broken clock is right twice in a day. 

Hence, Technically right.

Dom Ti so what? and even then, Friendly nerd is still disagreeing with you. you made a dice roll, and happened to choose the right option.

The how, why, and what is all wrong.

Your Fi is making you a coward in accepting your failures and your Se is making you commit childish leaps of logic. 

All my Fe is doing is making me act according to my values. I decide what they are.Your lack of comprehension matching something is an accident.

I cannot envision how magic might exist. So what?

There is nothing inherently right in a universal perspective. There are things inherently right from the human one by the way we are built and configured. You conflate both. it changes nothing. You don't understand quantum physics. Hence by your logic it is false. Need I say more?

So much for your rebel nature, google slave. Google says the same thing Friendly nerd said in different phrasing ( same as me ). You are merely getting caught up on key words like a child. The subjectiveness comes from universal perspective. All humans have the human perspective and thus, inherent right and wrong exist for us regarding this perspective, even if they are not clear. Of course, You disregard things you cannot comprehend, so you would not care of this.


I am not done. I always address what is said to me. 

I demonstrably know better than you. That is enough for this. 

You check google for key words like a slave, hence you are an unoriginal sheep. So much for rebellion. 

Did your Fe dom mother discipline you too much or something? Why do you hate it so hard? I thought I was the one who disliked Fe the most in this board, and out pop you in all your frothing mad glory.

You know what is hilarious? Your objective opinion that everything is subjective. 

Now I am done though. Unless you have something extra to say. Where? 

All the coming has been done. of course you will forget me, you are too brutish to learn from experience as you display in this conversation.I did this as a kid, as a joke, once. Like an extension of Hide and seek. I immediately met them again when I realized they are panicking, But still felt bad about not thinking of consequences.Topic diversion, huh? cowards choice.

People manifest Fe in rather disgusting ways. 

I am better than that now because I improved myself. Since I was capable of that, I don't hate myself.

You, on the other hand, Embody the worst of Fi and Se. 

So, What is it? Fe mom withheld emotional support? Fe dad spanked you too hard? Something else that brilliantly convoluted? "There is nothing original"

"I am original"

"Fe is sheep"

"I don't care"

Ah, the Fi genius. Unadulterated insanity at it's source. You got, what, Sensory deprivation rooms or good old shock therapy?

Words don't hurt. Their manifestations do. It won't hurt If I say you are stupid or worthless. It will, when your stupidity causes you to fail in life and your worthlessness will make you lose things dear to you. It is simply a matter of whether they are true or not. 

So, I am right about your parents. This amuses me. 

What else? Some one left you for being shallow and you made that a virtue to preserve your sanity? 



So a clever girl left you for being shallow and broke your heart, huh. 

"I am not a sheep"

"Show me your degree"

Hilarious. 

I just taught you how to make insults that work. They must reflect real events. Learn from it, and make fresh attempts. 

You are dumb, remember? I know better. Especially considering you don't even understand what I say sometimes. Suddenly I wonder, Does everything you read look like research papers to you?

How about friends? Do you worry they will leave If you are your true self to them?  And what of that girl?They are the same, as in all too locked in their own minds? That actually makes a lot of sense. It's like a bunch of stoners in a room, all stewing in their own nonsense. 

Badass? What did you do, a  tattoo? 

That was funny.

In a puppy racing after a car sort of way.lolleagues have been demonstrated in abundance here mate.

So,

What job? Did someone set you up with one to prevent starvation? Or just good old food stamps?Well, you were toning it up last couple of comments. It was rather okay.

Calculus shit was stupid though. Randomness is not funny. Ne users are lying to you.  The surprise is what is funny.Not particularly interested in social service mate. Better to eliminate the reasons for problems.

So, what Job? It seriously can't be management or Pure sciences. Software, may be. Ne users are funny. Just not for the reasons every idiot on the street will tell you.

You being funny, uhh, it probably is way better IRL. It mostly sucks over the internet though. Ti-Ne trolls rule the nets.Wild guess for pure insanity.

wall street?Right where it always was. Towards the disagreement.Of the 4 introverted functions,  Fi and Si are especially prone to being un-self aware by their very definition and the definition of self awareness. They are in tune with self more than others, not more aware.  hey, That's how i took it.Literally what the word 'self awareness' says.

I base my claim on the nature of the functions themselves. 

Where exactly is the trouble with this to you?
Are you kidding?  Your writings are composed finely and your bull shit cutter is respectable.

Prevent, no. Tendency against, yes. Every function has associated tendencies of behaviour by nature.

Why do you think that of Fi and Si? What do you think of them?eh, there is no serious intent of deception anywhere by anyone. so, ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
so "I am angry" is a display of fine self awareness to you?

I am not evading. This thing is obvious to me, Hence to explain it would require text walls. Better to see how we  disagree.

Are you taking the word 'F' for feeling? It is not. Feeling means values here. Fi is Intraverted value judgement function, not Introverted emotion function.Sure. elaborate more. I merely asked. What do you think of Fi and Si? Why are feeling functions the cornerstone requirement of self awareness? Is being in tune with self the same as self awareness to you? Self consciousness is the same as self awareness?

What is tagging?So many INFJ trump votes.

This amuses me.Where is the test?huh?  

I don't get you. you mean to say there is a new thread with a link to a test?My guess is revenge for bern. Just a guess.

I mean, what, we are 2nd highest after ESTJ's?  And even more than ENTJ's?

Edit : Oh, come on, downvotes for a guess on the cause of an observed phenomenon? Ah, that one. I remember getting 34 or so.I like the references of your name. Both of them.Mars. 

Pluto is still a planet however. At the risk of pissing people of, an analogy can be drawn that It's the difference between drugs and meditation.You haven't met enough ENFJ's then.

Fi users are hard to brainwash. That does not translate to projecting their will over others. They are generally horrible at it. What is domination? It is to exert your will over the world. Extraverted functions are by definition more useful. And Extraverted Judging functions should be more useful while at that. 

Te&gt;Fe&gt;Se&gt;Ne should be evident from their natures here for this purpose. Unless you subscribe to the Fe is the slave of the collective theory.

Edit: So, this seems to be downvoted. While don't mind that, without criticism it is a bit cowardly.
Shit, that sounds so useful. 

I don't really mind the forgetting thing. My closest friends are ENFP's and ENTP's, so I am very much used to that. I know they are my buds, and that is enough.Lel, I just installed it on chrome.I am a creature of habit. Chrome and IE are the only things I used regularly.

Lol. IE was 15 years ago. I wouldn't touch that now with my roach killer gloves. I was merely talking of what browsers I have used for a while.

Chrome and Emergency Firefox are all I have.

well, I was expecting higher than that even. 

Did it again now, It's 29Well said. 

Ne seems too leashed with INTP's, especially compared to ENTP's.X-Y is not the same as Y-X

expand more.Tends to, sure. But there will still be differences.There are drastic differences between types by their very nature.

You can take on specific characteristic and check, but as a whole, no type is pretty much the same.It's the extraverted perceiving types
Insane disconnect.Empiricism is king.

If an observation contradicts the logic, the formation of the logic is wrong. joking, hopefully?Extraverted Judgers go down probably because to Judge the external world, you need to form thought structures or values inside before hand either actively or passively. Not completely sure, I should observe more.Unquestionably ENTJ's. Si-Te based insults always work. I would merely need to know you.Fi's. Always. 

The further away Fi is in a stack, the easier to talk to.It's mostly how quickly one manifests their Fi or how much they live in it, not necessarily types.
 
By personal experience and theoretical expectation, People manifesting Ne are easiest to communicate with.

Fi's are easy to communicate with when they don't have strong views on the subject.

Kid.I thought that was for broken NF's.

Especially considering all the calls for the past and flowery language.Healer &gt; Hunter &gt; Road Eternal &gt; Fisher King &gt; Dominion &gt; Nakama &gt; Escape

 Dom tert loops makes one insanely awesome at somethings, while making them insanely disconnected in some other things.

People get stuck in them when they like what they are being awesome at, while ignoring the things they suck at.

Being consciously aware of such things mitigates possible negetive effects, when used in moderation.Probably something with Ne. 

I will probably hate it after a while though.Disconnection is bad. I assumed that would be clear. If not, let me say it. I agree with you that the system ideologically supports the idea of balance, and I agree with it. 

Loops are inherently imbalanced, but sometimes, life requires you to focus on one direction and be imbalanced. Not ideal, but it happens

Ni-Ti is inherently empty, for it seeks to compose and unify structures out nothing but vague internal impressions that have no meaning in the external world.  Think of the worst examples of disconnected INTP stereotype, and make it worse. But it is useful during certain events in itself as long one consciously sets such patterns for themselves and makes sure they come out of it. You can plan for the negative effects and mitigate it through other factors, but the nature itself will not be eliminated.

How does it feel when you break out of Se-Fe loop? If I am ever in a loop, when I get out of it, I feel insane levels of disconnect. Like I went in a bunker and the world passed me by. 

To summarize, in moderation, with deliberation, combined with planning on damage mitigation, Dom-Tert loops have a utility that ought not be discarded out of hand. If you are broken, your vision will have a hint of truth but will be wrongly contextualized by you. Such stories are what I find most tragic. I wish you luck in your project.

DE flowery language is more of a, 'how much of purple prose can I cram down here, to show my erudition?' Instead of 'How can I make what I write aesthetically pleasing?' DE would have added some reference to a long dead philosopher's obscure statement somewhere in that paragraph.Odd. Aren't ENFJ's already stereotypically cool?Reverse as in, Soft and Chill looking, but Harsh inside?Feeling is a value judgement function. Introverted ones prefer to do it in their internal world, while extroverted ones do it in the external world. Emotions are just strongly associated with values. 

So you say INFJ's want to disconnect a bit more from their emotions?

ISTP's share a lot with INFJ's than what people realize. We have the same functions, jumbled and with a predilection to the same function loops.

So blunt would be a closer word. I find it funny, considering ESTP's are supposed to be the blunt ones. I consider that a virtue anyway.We are also most prone to the middle ground fallacy, (along with INFP's) So you might be onto something here.

Something along the lines of having an ascetic drive towards emotions, since they seem like the easy way.Se inferior. No Te vibes.

INFJ. 

You are the first one who I think is an INFJ in these typing threads.ISTP's. Other ENTJ's. 

ESTJ's and INTP's if they are particularly mature. ENFJ's work too, But that depends on both being mature as hell. Other scenarios are way too outlandish.

People who say it is some Fi dom have never met an ENTJ in their life.Nice. If it's favorite, I am 'that guy' who always goes for the legendaries. Entei and his set. 

If it is ones that fit, Eevee. 

Fi-Ne would make for masterful explorers of every aspect of a single path more, I would think.

Eevee, because I find that nothing comes easy to me in the start, but as I master things, I can compose stuff better than others. Everyone I see, they have something that comes insanely easy to them, like breathing, or like it is an extension of their own body.like  ≠  sustainable relationship over long term



ok. 

what exists is the ultimate arbitrator.N. 

There is only one close relative by blood to me who is a sensor.  Every one else is some brand of Intuitive or the other.

There is a sharp near middle split for everything else.Underrated post.

Phrasing is cringy though.I exist. 

Somehow, I like it, for now. 

Hence, I will try to continue this state, till I feel like doing so. And as long I am continuing like this, I will act preferentially towards me and anything or anyone else that exists that make me want to continue in this state.

People only exist because they want to. They can create scenarios and fight to maintain them to make themselves want to live with various degrees of success, but people exist only because they keep desiring so.  

To condense it, would be to say it is life itself that drives people, But such statements are merely useless pith that sounds cool and convey nothing. So I had to resort to the longer meandering above.

Kids are in constant flux. 

They are easy to read, but hard to predict.

Attempts to type them are futile.IxxP.

Introverts stereotypically don't get the simple tag, and P's don't get the harsh views tag.

Your quest is rather pointless though. 

Idealism 3

relativism 2.8

Exceptionist, apparently.

INFJ's are not unaware. If they say they are, they are lying to you. Fe is extroverted. It makes one ultra-aware of values being displayed, especially when coupled with Ni. You should be familiar yourself with this for the Te version. More subtle than ENFJ's may be, but never unaware.

XNFPs are better at the unaware manipulation shtick due to good Ne, bad Te and lack of Fe.No need for apologies.

INFJ manipulation hurts more that others?

I must know more. I personally dislike ENxJ manipulation the most, But I haven't ever been on the receiving end of INFJ one.

What exactly is the worst part of it, for you, If you don't mind me asking? An ISTJ of all people? 

An ISTJ being not serious? Whaaaa........

( I am joking too )These same geniuses put in Fi doms for ENTJ's.

Pure crazy.Oh, so this is  the source of that ENTJ should go for Fi doms non sense.

I wonder what horrible assumption exactly they made that caused this horror.Heh. I didn't notice.Some Ne type. Just look at the last paragraph! Novelty seeking is a big Ne flag.

XNFP would be my guess, leaning a bit towards E.Ti system construction is based on individuals. They are flexible or inflexible, accurate or inaccurate, based on the individual who constructed them. Collapse is not inevitable, merely possible.

Shoddy constructions that particularly inflexible would obviously collapse upon contact with reality. However, if you are flexible and aware, you should not have massive problems. The distress is mostly of the individual, not the function itself.

May be you are just particularly flexible. Or more accurate in relation to reality. If not that, then inexperience, sure. But those who are inexperienced and are sure of themselves don't generally doubt themselves this much. Not trying to be rude, But I don't know you IRL. whatever floats your boat.So, Are you saying that from two similar posts , you know me, my exact emotions and my ideas on functions? Cool.

It's bad advice, So it is irritating to look at. Just like your misreading of me. 

It's 'horror',  because the damage it can cause if people follow that advice. Your misreading of me does not harm me, so it is not horrible.

What exists trumps what should occur by theory. 

Do you have a reasoning behind why Te doms and Fi doms are Ideal couples? Or some sort of proof of existence?  Some directly provable idea on reality that I have missed? If socionics is that, then sell socionics to me. Otherwise, don't bring up socionics. 

Till you do that, I will stick by my own observations and reasoning. 

If socionics predicts this, I don't see the need to find out more about that theory till I actually buy that it's conclusions are accurate and socionics is sound.  

Do note that Jung is actually against this too. Opposite directions of the same function is best according to that guy. I would disregard him if you have good point to make regarding it's inaccuracy, even though what he said directly matches up with what I have seen. 

What is your problem with me labeling advice that I see as bad, as Bad? 'not ideal' 

'Can't function'

Same thing now?every relationship is "developing".

So? 

There is a massive gap between "ideal", "can work", and "will not fail due to inability to function so try it out".
Assume I say okay to the idea that people want to be complete and self actualisation is ideal and to be desired. 
(which I really do personally, but don't have strong arguments for it) 

Why does that by default translate to perfect pairs of relationship must have opposing ends of function axis to you?  

You may as well say that the ideal conversation is where your views are challenged all the time constantly because that would be more contributing towards being better.  ( this is an exaggeration, don't make assumptions on my understanding of functions over this, thank you very much)

This is the exact reason I disregarded socionics when I first heard of it. I rejected it when that assumption on relations was made, not when gave me it's conclusions. See the difference?

An example, I disregarded astrology not when It said I will have bad week, but when it made the assumption that everyone born in September will have a similar life. See the difference?


&gt; Having close relationships with people who use those functions effortlessly brings out the best in us and helps us to grow and develop as a person. Avoiding or rejecting those people or the functions they represent can be damaging to our psyche long-term.

Opposite oriented function of the same nature is the best from all I can see for mutual development of both, and by this theory, they get relegated to somewhere middle. That is the second reason I have against this. 

Also, Can't you see the difference between not avoiding people, and having relationships with them?

    

&gt; So it's okay for you to go around telling people Te/Fi couples are shit based on your personal observation and reasoning, ungrounded in any accepted theory and with no supporting evidence, but when other people do it it's "horror" and "nonsense", and we have to sell you on a popular and well-regarded theory before you'll even consent to educate yourself about it?



Observations trump unproven theories that predict things that go contrary to what that was observed. As for it being 'well regarded' I don't really care who is doing that, and how much. This is what, Sub branch of a sub branch of field that is not universally accepted with no particularly strong tradition of empiricism behind it? I suspect almost everything beyond the descriptions of functions themselves. Don't make calls for authority in such a field. It doesn't have much weight. Especially after Jung stating the contrary. 
(Mind, Jung said that is not the reason I accept it, but because it lines up what I see.) 

If you think that is too arrogant of me, that's not really an argument. 

Also, are you telling me you disagree with nothing of socionics or any other theory? if you do, what is the difference between you and me in disagreement beyond scale?  I call for direct observations because however one cuts it, this is undeveloped field.

&gt; This is maddening, you recognize that, right? "I refuse to learn about something unless I am already convinced it is true." That's a very convenient justification for ignorance. Why not study it and then evaluate it - make sure you understand it before you decide whether it's true or not?

I said sell me socionics, not sell me why this conclusion of socionics is right. There is a difference!
 
I don't mind if you are harsh, by accident or not, as long as you don't question my integrity. If you doubt someone's integrity, no point talking to them. 

Also, I don't remember calling anything shit. Sometimes exxaggaration to make a point can be dishonest. 

In general, You assume too much about me and address that instead of addressing what I write.You are absolutely right. I should have added more qualifiers to that statement. Just novelty is not conclusive in itself.

Most of the post was good for both Ne and Se as I see it, but the finesse of humour bit tripped me up. 

Another, weaker argument is the ball of energy or quiet intellectual comment. Se doms don't get associated with such things, but it is a weak argument for obvious reasons. 

Also, new experiences bring new ideas, do they not? OP can be going for anything with such phrasing. 

Another weak argument I have is that I know an ENFP that speaks of these exact things in remarkably similar terms.Of course. 

My statements are only about what is the correct use of the ideas of functions as guides. 

Not of the physical impossibility of such a relationship, but for being against terming such method of seeking relationships as the 'ideal'. 

I.e, this is not the correct use. Yeah, After your post, I could see better why Se could work.

It was productive.Cool.Se looks like magic to me while Ni and Fe are almost depressingly mundane. 

May be it's just your function stack driving your perception like the others are saying.


5 Sounds like low stack Ti

and 3 does not seem like a Se user response.

6 seems like Fe - Pi rather than Pi -Fe

ESFJ.Any one can burn out. Especially considering the OP's statements on depression.Me and my cluster of people are almost all N types with an even F and T split, and we despise that sort of atmosphere, considering it dishonest. The ENFJ in there is the only one who tolerates it.

Aren't feeling types stereotypically supposed to be melancholic? Poetry and literature are fueled by that stuff in general after all.




State it in terms that make you sound like a dick if it lets you be more accurate or more concise in the observation you wish to capture in words. Truth seeking being more important and all that.

Mind over matter attitude has manifested in a lot of unhealthy F's I have seen, So I think I get what you are trying to say a bit.  Is it something along the lines of wishing away things?

Hope seems a bit more universal though.Describe Fe.cool, bro.Upvoting for the edit.Take a short nap.

If Immediate action is a necessity, I punch something, then get back to what needs to be done.

Otherwise, I tend to wave things in my arm or scream if the scenario is particularly bad.Hmm.

Cynicism and optimism both feel kinda childish to me. I attempt to be the realist.

Your final statement seems true, though it's probably not manifesting in the way you see it.This has happened quite a few times to me as a kid.

I went to either the sections others know I will be in, or to the places where I think they will be.You have no clue how refreshing it is to have people be okay to nitpicking. 

I will get back to you after a while.You were the one who popped into my head at the comment.

"Didn't I see an NTP that was using fam frequently around here? Does Fam appeal to Ti's? Is this train of thought gonna go anywhere? "

I wanna be, the spoopiest, like no one ever was....

Ding ding dii dingAre you sure that's it? I read that, and wanted you to elaborate a bit more.Fe is extroverted value judgement. Nothing more. Harmony or self sacrifice are just a bunch of values.

Politeness is only tangentially associated for obvious reasons. Fe is also judgy and rude if it deems it the right value to project.

I am pretty sure you got it right and not misinterpreting it due to low stack Fe. I just asked you elaborate because your last statement had the tinge of being that 'Fe is harmony' misinterpretation. Kudos, I guess?

As for it being deliberate and concerted, I think that would be your real test, since this is a judgement function, which are more active in nature, rather than perception ones which are more passive.

I would actually like to know of the results of such an attempt. 

I am assuming that this person is not below 20. It will be a pile of generalizations that come together to point towards a direction. I can be wrong. I will focus on ones I can drag generalizations out of.

1 indicates a combination of low extroverted perception and value judgement in general. Low Se, Fe, and may be Low Ne. Otherwise, any one of these functions can used as hacks to understand people in different ways, not efficiently, mind, but in gets the job done, kinda way. Their primary complaint would not be that they don't get the actions of people, then. Everyone may have this problem, of course, but not the first thing that comes to ones mind. This leap of logic does not work if the person is immature.

2 indicates a combination of good Thinking and Introverted Perceiving function use. Te, Ti, Ni, Si, for reasons that are obvious.

3 tends to go towards strong Introverted perception and Judgment Ni Ti Fi Si

4 No good function use data, Just an indication of maturity.

5 Tends to be caused from the combination of Introverted perception and Extroverted judgement. A case can be made for any particular combination of those.  Si Ni Fe Te. 

6 strong indicator that first function is not Ti.

7 Vaguely indicating of Extroverted Judgement being high?

8 No clue. Focus and intensity can be a lot things.

9 First function not Te or Fe, probably. 

10 General tendency of Fi somewhere, probably secondary or tert.

Combining all this,

INTJ or ISTJ.  I lean towards the latter.~~I still don't get it~~

Nevermind, I am an idiot.People think I am innocent, somehow. Got no clue why.

And apparently I walk intimidatingly. Also no clue why. I was an indoorsy kid.It's not feelings.

At it's smallest manifestation, it's the looking at the first and last letter of a word, and the word springing to your mind.

Careful is probably a given. F is value judgement, and is rather bound heavily to emotions. Add the obsessive overthink of N to the equation.

NT's tend to be primarily wary towards bad logic in general, the different ones in their own way. Like, say, this pattern of thinking will cause event 'X' down the line, which is undesirable and hence avoided, or something like that. NF's probably go, "this particular idea or value will cause damage to the mental state way later down the line" and so on. 

I can't really see optimism  after a degree as anything but a bit childish in any type.

May be, F optimism is more "I am doing the right mindset, things will probably fall in place" as opposes " I am doing the right activities, I will probably be happy with the results " I.e over reliance on one judgment function making one ignore their other form of judgement and making them prone to wishful thinking in that domain. 

I mean, by relying on one mode, they are leaving things in the other modes up in the air after all. The popular stereotypes of unfulfilled ENTJ late in life and regretful INFP late in life must exist for a reason.  (Examples chosen for being Dom in a judgement function, hence more chances of people being over reliant on one mode of judgement)  

Now that I am made this argument, something else comes to me. I used to tend to leave fine details up in the air, assuming they will do okay. That is a form of optimism, is it not? an S function related optimism.

Maybe people tend to be optimistic in the realms of functions they don't mostly use. Say, someone deep in Fe but not much of anything else will just keep doing Fe things solidly, but leave everything else up to chance.  S functions might ignore future related or far away things that are not seen as immediate. This is a pretty big stereotype after all. 

Do the Fe dom rant, thanks. 

It will probably run along the Fe is harmony stereotype though if things can be judged from this attempt

This one was rather meh.He likes it?ESTJ so hard. It sounds like you are in a Ne-Te loop. 

The only other way for that is ENFP. why, according to you?S &gt; F &gt; N &gt; TI like you.I wonder why you still believe in people though.I find his larger approach honest in adhering to what he says he wants. There is a sort of unity of purpose there. I like it. That's pretty much it.

It could be better though. Like, say, a straightforward answer to your initial question on why. A case can be made that he tangentially answered that question by his other comments though.

I don't see cherry picking. He asked people to look at it, and you said you won't, It makes you angry. He merely pointed that out. That you qualified that statement with "tell me about it" misses the point of OP and this post. He wanted people to look at it, and give opinions, not explain it himself to people. 

Just downvote it if you find no point in the thread.Was he being paranoid?XSTP's

IxFP's.



When you are sending someone deep cover, you want that person to have a strong near immutable core of values to stay true to.

Of the 4 I listed, I would rate INFPs lowest though. If I was running a military, they would be the scouts and observers and civillian attaches instead of spies. Fe's make for horrible spies. They are better off with propaganda work or embassies. You want spies to have mutable exterior but immutable interior.

The primary interaction of Interaction of the IxFJ's with the world is value judgement. That is not good spy material. I would say Se and Fi have the best utility for this purpose, hence my answer.Te Si.Yeah, sounds like it.

Though I know an ISTJ that does this.
[What is love?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5G1FmU-ldg)I get the opposite. I cannot viscerally comprehend how one acts or decides before observing something.It does not determine, but it indicates predisposition.

As you say, You did first choose what to observe, I.e Judge. I just tend to observe. I can always ignore them later, but not having the data irks me.&gt;"discover possibility" seems to erase the rawness (from perception, not evaluation) of incoming material. It defines and frames something that is not pre-defined and pre-framed. It basically applies a judging lens to perception. In my view.

Perfect. You just see. What to make of that comes later.Works.

Only in a certain way though.Best on the page.Too much background action, too less visible one.9/10. took me 2-3 min ( time it took a song ) 24 hr no sleep.

Ni-Ti I think. &gt;In other words, that there isn't really such a thing as universal unfiltered human perception.

&gt;it's impossible to verify

The world exists independent of us and our perception.

The contrast that can arise from that and the ability to compare both is why what you say is wrong.

At perfection, unfiltered perception is merely seeing the world. 

A state where you can theoretically say you have unfiltered perception exists, and can be confirmed independent of our perception.  ( The achievability of it is irrelevant to this discussion ) 

What you don't know that you haven't perceived directly may be inferred about, by it's effects on other things and can be learned to be perceived. That which fail both of these requirements are imaginary.

We don't need to go this far either. People in general change or improve themselves and notice things they haven't noticed before. if universal truths do not exist, these would be purely random.

And of course the filters that arise are not dependent on Jungian functions. They are dependent of the person and their upbringing and environments. Functions are mechanisms of interaction, not deciders of outcome.

This is a tangent and does change that people are predisposed to placing internal or external action or perception first in compared to the other to a non trivial extent. That the barrier between them is fluid and both shape their initial state is not a problem.


&gt;For what it's worth (or not), I think maybe I had a version of this very disagreement with the INFP in my life.

heh. Not the first time for me either. 

Assuming direct proofs for either are not out there which is a big assumption in itself, There is still no good reason to subscribe to the Anthropic principle, either through precedent built by prior successes which is non existent, or through super rationality, since it does not promote or produce anything particularly desirable. While the prior position succeeds in both, First being the scientific method being directly linked to it, and superrationally, consistently giving people improved decision making, both of which indicate validity of this idea over the other.

If someone fucks up, they don't let it be something they have individually shaped. ( people who do that are given therapy) They try to find out flaws to be improved using an independent standard. 

I find this idea to be similar to the idea of perfection. That it is hard, and probably impossible to achieve does not and must not stop one from pursuing it, because there are tangible effects for each degree of distance reduced from the ideal.

Fe doms.You hit upon the difference between Pe and Je, Not Introversion or Extroversion. Of course. Strife in Corporations!Vodka. &gt;obviously, but at the same time there is some distance because the ENFP 'just doesn't get it'. There's a part that cannot be shared with the ENFP. To this INFJ, ENFPs are "flakey", "not there when you need them", "unreliable"

When given freewill, minor explanation and a binary choice where 1 is correct and 0 is wrong, ENFP's consistently choose 0, not for any malicious reasons, or incapability, but somehow, that's the end result that comes. 

This is rather unique to them. Others are capable of being wrong, but this rather common scenario of life is where they consistently exhibit one model of behaviour. 

It kinda hurts if you like the ENFP, Which tends to be case since they are rather likable.Easy to solve. Fe is not compassion.Fe is not compassion. Fe can have compassion. Fe is value expression.

Trump's Fe is what makes his supporters think he is honest.No. This is a common misconception. What you describe is an individual value. Fe is all the values. Which value one chooses is determined by the individual in question. That one chooses different values is an obvious consequence of differences between people.I don't know what goes on in his head. ESTP is what I think he is because the other functions line up. Fx functions are value oriented, and none of us one really know what celebrities and politicians value. Their very job description is that. I merely say your method of disqualifying Fe is wrong. You made the assertion of no Fe. I made nothing.Are you reading? You say Fe is absent. The argument you make to sustain that is wrong. Why do you still stick to that assertion?

Your Belief is irrelevant, because your method of checking for Fe is WRONG. Your understanding of Fe is WRONG. Do you understand now? Discard the erroneous assumptions first!

[Doesn't look like nobody to me ] (http://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/president)LPBPCame in expecting the best post to be kinda absurd, but this is rather brilliant.I sing. 

No other big difference.Serious answer? Burn all the relevant research. The possibility of rival intelligence beating us is too high. Drugs vs Meditation, Done.Curiosity killed the cat.
Except when it didn't and the cat found a land of bounty by, say, stowing away on a ship to the new world.

In Ni axis, You are try to link things together.

In Ne Axis, you try to leap off an idea to another.

Meditation simulates the former, getting high, the latter.

Fe and Se.Hating sudden noises is a good marker of low stack Se.

Ni induces detachment and gives the appearance of coldness. 

Don't worry of argumentation. Think of what argumentation is. It is an exchange of ideas with others based on step by step judgement. It's reasonable to associate it with extroverted judgement. 

People have insane ideas about Fe, stating that having it means you must be some sort of wall flower who dies to preserve harmony at all costs. 

It's not. Fe is externalized Value judgement function. Harmony is an individual value. This statement is akin to saying all Te users must subscribe to eugenics. That's just an individual mechanism.

Your edit made me laugh because it's such a familiar process. I didn't write a lot because I didn't know what you wanted. People tend to be averse to text walls in general.

You are INFJ. 

Si - Bad memory on little things, bad direction sense. don't really dwell on anger much

Te - Horrid planning.


We are assholes. More honest that most INTP's. Kek.The thing is, What you write, If you had good Fe, you would have realized how ridiculous your question would sound to the ones reading it, and have refrained from posting this question at all.

Probably best proof of Inf Fe.

If your povs are of sufficient rigor, you will just have to live with the knowledge that masses are wrong.

It's not paranoia if they are really after you :)Well put, Best post I have seen in a while.Excellent taste.Excellent taste , Any more? 

elfhelm when.Sort of.Somebody is exploring their Se. 

Good luck.Te is what works, Not the seeking of pedantic validity of mechanism behind it. That's Ti.

Ni-Te insight being forged into Fi-Se imagery.

It's my favourite thing about INTJ stack.Crap loads of pedantic Ti-Se writing fueled by Ni-Fe insights.

or Intense Fe-Se actions fueled by Ni-Ti compounded.Umm. 

I don't know what to point to. The reason I am on reddit in general is to satisfy my urge to write.ayy lmaoESTJ.

An aside, His long term vision is shit. Obsession with his own sensations of the past. Every action he takes, can be traced to one. (Fi- Si =&gt; Te)

General disregard for tradition when he feels it serves his some "master plan" which is pretty much making it up as he goes. (Ne =&gt;Te)

&gt;Whether it is shit or not is irrelevant imo

It's not. The long term affects of ignoring certain traditions and accepted decorum is obvious to anyone with a smidgen of Ni in the universe. Tywin is pretty much the poster child of edgelords who can't see why society functions as it is and breaks it haphazardly. The stereotypical overbearing bad boss.

The Bad Ni, Good Te and The Ne- Si Axis is apparent.

NTJ is impossible.

Immature ESTJ. It's very basic, even. 

Long term planning =/= NiIs this sort of questioning how you normally function or is this a rather unique for now in your life?As in, you have a question or a problem. Is this level of  methodical action taken step by step is how you proceed,

Or, a mania of functions and types have taken over your mind, and you are pushing all fronts to find answer to the question and this current seeking you are doing is an aspect of that?I vote ISTJ then.heh.He is both easy to type, and I typed by preferences.

That's why I called it an aside that his long term planning is shit.

Ah. No problem.  

Do you think a case can be made that Tywin has Ni but is very very bad at it? 

I didn't really bother  addressing that  because that felt obvious.&gt; it wouldn't be likely as people tend to gain proficiency with "practice".

Exactly. if he is still bad, his general intellectual capability must be low for practice to not improve it well, and that is rather doubtful for tywin.

I find it easier to find and type Te and Ni and Ti, compared to Se and Si and Fi related groups in general.No.

Functions are, if an analogy of software is to be be used, at the level of machine language.

Language at it's deepest may hit assembly language./thread.&gt;INFJ: Developing the world's fairest system of government. But people prefer consumerism.

Hey, that's why dictatorships exist! 

Shh, The benevolent dictator's will is the fairest possible thing!

Big brother loves you!Kelsier is ENTJ and Elend is INFJ though. The Inf Fi and Se are noticeable for both. 

Your Sazed makes no sense to me. Copperminds are magic, not Si. Any ideas on Tindwyl? I thought she was ENFJ, but it's been long since I read era 1.

As of Shallan, In light of her memory blocks, I think she is INFP.

Szeth is ENFJ. Notice the sacrifice of perception of wrongness on the altar of his ideals. Can't think of a better Fe- Ni.

Spot on on Elhokar and Wayne though.

Rest Either I agree, or think we don't have enough information. 

Good attempt, all in all.

You are pretty patient.Si- Fe - Ti - Ne.

ISFJ.

Why people are taking a rant as normal speech is beyond me.Simply in that I would not be patient enough to start a comment thread such as this.


At best, a post of my own. Suppose if you lose that urge.


Do you have idea how to regain it?Dammit.&gt; He seems like a clear cut perceiver, after he hears of the skaa rebellion disaster he runs over in like two seconds, he doesn't come up with an elaborate plan. He thinks on his feet really well something that Js can rarely do.

Too stereotypical. Typing using I/E or J/P dichotomies is useless. It must be done by functions. 

I will use the best argument for Kelsier being ENTJ last.

First. His absurd lack is allaying the fears of the skaa almost broke the rebellion.  That is, his utter unawareness of the field of thought of extroverted value judgement and how his values appear to people. No one was questioning the objective results and practical applications of Kelsier's thought, that is, the realm of Te, but merely of the values Kelsier is espousing and his motivation.

second. 

&gt; he doesn't come up with an elaborate plan. He thinks on his feet really well something that Js can rarely do. 

Proof of Te over Ti. Plans are the domain of Judgement functions, not perception functions.  Te is Step by Step. Ti is Systematic.

Third, Kelsier's actions are not random, they are unpredictable. he works hard to make it such. It's literally his trade. There is an obvious difference between obfuscating your method, and your method being genuinely incomprehensible. In his own mind, Kelsier ideas were clearly step by step linear judgement flows. We know this, from kelsier himself.

Last, and the best. His disconnect with his own feelings is described perfectly by Vin. "You know love, Kelsier,  but you don't understand it." Such disconnect with one's own feelings is the biggest indicator of Inf Fi. 

Next, shallan. 

&gt;and running a perpetual inner dialogue
Fe deals with values by externalizing them. That is, speaking to themselves or others, while Fi is very internal. 

&gt;her family's brokenness tears her apart and she tries really hard to fix her family (i.e. by giving her brother's math problems etc) something quintessentially Fe.

Not necessarily. Fi can easily account for that. Values are values regardless of realised by external action or driving and guiding actions from inside. This is an inconclusive avenue.

All N functions are abstract. It's in their definition.

&gt; Ti makes illogical decisions

What. 

If anything, it was proof of Fi driven Te neglecting behaviour that is driven by Ne given abstract thought.

The problem with Shallan being INFJ is simple. She simply never displays any sort of Ni - Ti synergy, ever.  There is simply no consideration of larger impacts of impulsive action.

Self consciousness is sensing function related. Her brand of it is more how she is to inside, than how she is being perceived. Fi-Si over Fe-Se, that is, INFP over INFJ.

last and the best, Elend, the last emperor of men.

This one is frankly the easiest of all. We have access to his POV in nearly all the important bits of his life and we the method of his transitions, firsthand, eliminating the need for guess work. His personality grows and we see it very closely.

&gt;Doesn't the Inferior function develop in the 40s? 

Personal Maturity is a matter of the individual and his life. Functions you haven't developed still exist within you. It merely means you haven't become proficient in their use.

&gt;Elend definitely seems more like the stereotypical bookish idealistic guy with no plan. 


Clearly not. You are joking, right? Have you seen the methodical and insanely deep constitution he made in a world with no such prior institution armed only with theory?  Remember, that his Constitution worked in it's intent, such that the people were able to remove the leader they wanted, just like Elend intended. Perfect execution of intent.

He also predicted/ Subscribed to the idea that skaa rebellion would come someday, in a society where nobles are still stuck at the question "Can Skaa think?" 

This is Weaving disparate elements together to

1. forming a coherent whole that works together as a system, 

2. producing an external value judgement by combining all the values of the system in display and declaring an end point.

Clear evidence of Ni- Ti and Ni- Fe.  

Even in allomancy, he mentions how emotional allomancy makes sense to him while Spatial awareness related metals, which Vin excels in, seems surreal to him. A nice tangent is Vin is similarly awed by Elend's emotional allomancy,  a neat parallel is how both of them are awed at their partner's proficiency in their inferior function (Fe and Se), something that does not come with ease to them. 
 
Regarding his original failures. They stem from his inability to perceive how his ideas will be perceived, merely satisfied from the logical consistency and moral sufficiency of his arguments. He neglects the impact of his presence till tindwyl teaches him it's logical necessity and only then, insisting that the frame of reference that is to be considered is his moral goals and logical frameworks, not irrational perceptions. 

This is Inf Se at it's most obvious. 

&gt;Also I see Ne not Ni, he's full of ideas and an objective thinker. 

&gt;Fe is associated with abiding social norms something Elend cares little for.

You have wrong ideas about Ne and Fe . Ne is Non Immediate perception of connections in the external world, in contrast to Se, Perception of Immediate connection of objects. Ni, in contrast, is Internal, and seeks to converge all the objects through their connections into a whole.


Fe is externalised value judgement, that is, realizing your values by external action. 

Fe is a matter of what your values are. Elend took slovenlyness as a positive value as a of mark rebellion against his father whom he despises. He later abandons the practice, for he learns that it is unbecoming of a ruler.  





  





Whatever you are selling, please do that on dedicated threads.Not enough introspection.

Or not enough life experience. 

Or both.There is significant selection bias against Ni as a function that it reasonable to assume lesser numbers of Ni.

Hunter Gatherer times is the last time humans were under proper selection pressure based on behaviour by nature, and Good Ni and Bad Se will get you killed there. That Ni needs space and significant knowledge buffer to give it's benefits is obvious.

Not enough time has passed for humanity's nature to change on relevant time scales.I think it's people who confuse Ne-Fi with Ni-Fe considering all what popular misconceptions get attached to these functions in particular.It is sad that honesty and attempt to reason is default arrogance these days.

Since when is cloying niceness mandatory again?&gt;evidence?

Have you tried understanding the mechanism of natural selection and how it is iterative and slow and builds upon small changes? 

&gt; the way I see it Se is hardly valued anymore

Where? by Snowflakes on the webz? Then they are morons. IRL is still IRL. 

Try getting a job and functioning in the world without Se. 

&gt; still doesn't prove that INFJs are rare

I was talking of Ni, not type.

&gt;people circlejerk so hard to defend the special snowflakiness of Ni

I don't see where I was doing that, so was that you just being a dick, or did I do something? if it was just you rushing in, do better the next comment.

You are the one passing value judgements on observations. Since when does rare mean good or desired?People overestimate their depth, not underestimate it.

And N functions, for all the bull shit associated with them, are technically deeper.&gt; your post bleeds with r/iamverysmart

Just you being a dick then.  I am not very smart, If that makes you happy.

&gt;where is the link between Se and hunter gathering?

Suddenly I doubt if you actually read my post beyond getting triggered over some word I used.

&gt; your argument is flawed.

Not till you prove function preference and day to day activity success is not linked and that natural selection still has significant impact on today's world over population composition.

&gt;is that Jung?

Why, won't accept the idea unless it is?

&gt;but Se and Ni are on the same axis aren't they? what happens to Si and Ne then? going by your logic, Si and Ne should be even rarer, since Ni people have Se

If you could unpack all the assumptions that you think I think that made you write this, that would be great. I will address the ones I see atleast.

Similar preference logic applies for Si to be preferred over Ne. 

Mighty overlord, that they are in the same axis is why preference between them is the topic of consideration. The more preference of one, the lower the other in the stack.

As it stands, I don't understand what got your panties in a bunch in the first place. 

&gt;you don't have to have your panties in knots

heh.

It's also cool how you are ignoring certain parts of the original argument and your initial criticism.




Pe. obviously.Ok, my bad then. Sorry.insanity with in a year./threadWhile I am not sure about how well your statements can be generalized to apply to an average person, I agree with the gist of it.

&gt; the way I see it Se is hardly valued anymore.

This sort of interwebz delusion makes me wanna cringe myself to death.The cringe is real. 

Okay, define N functions to me then.

(I am not talking about types.)&gt; time intuition

what

&gt;the present is not automatically special

Sure, but what is the direct relevance?

&gt;Looks to both the past and future;

Yes, looks to everything. You are pushing something that is non central to an idea as if it's built around it. 

&gt;observes the flow of time and events and changes that occur over time.

everyone observes time and changes that occur over it. That present is not special is a value judgement that is independent of perception.

&gt;Relates information to the subject

Subject object boundary is fluid.  Are you stating that this is the way the world views focuses with such functions, or that there is a hard boundary between the ideas?

&gt; Scans the environement and seeks out opportunities in the present. 

Which happens how, exactly? Are you telling me that Ne is obvious, if only you start scanning the environment and seeking opportunities? That is clearly untrue. Do you not notice you are missing something here?

&gt;Always looking out for the next thing

Again, no information on the mechanism of how they are looking out for the next thing. 

The biggest problem here is simply your omission of the idea of non immediacy of Intuition. Sensing is immediate relations of the idea or an object with other things. "intuition" as defined, is an idea that pertains to the processing of data is ways that are not immediately obvious. 

And Obviously, my point is that non immediacy makes a process of thought automatically "deeper" but not necessarily worthwhile. Just like navel gazing arm chair philosophy is technically "deep".

The way you are making it to be, there is no real difference between an S function and N function beyond scale. (Though, even by your method, by the virtue of having larger scale, N is "deeper")

It also seems that a value judgement has been passed somehow, that deep is always good. If resistance to this idea is coming, even partially, from such an idea, then kindly reconsider. 






It is what it is, mate.PD? I only know PS......

I don't know what to say.UNLIMITED BROWSER WORKS.

I use onetab. it tends to hold 100 or so.best.You should come to my country and see all the ISTJ commies then.

Your country is nice, I guess.....

I was not expecting useful comments in the rants section.

Cool.Are you an ENTJ?Moar?Fascism is a fail?

Does military loss count?

I assumed failure meant collapse by themselves, which is what we see for communism.

That and Ancap are the only obvious failures I can think of.I just don't see the collapse happening.

I just see a 1984 style hellhole running forever.

Civilisational collapse, ala Rome, is a different beast altogether.Nothing concrete or presentable. What /u/ihqpositive said.

I liked your writeup.thanks bruh.[hehe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7Ga_A4TGkU)....

It was not intended...Who? /u/chakke_ooch and you ? Cool.meh, more company to me. Cloyingly nice FeNi's drive me nuts.

I merely guessed ENTJ due to propensity of people and their behaviour in this sub.I am in a glorious land with only 2g internet right now.I don't think you are off anywhere, though the usual Fe Te and Si critics might come out of the wood work as usual.I have some serious reservations regarding Einstein though.I am still building the case, and currently have not made this argument presentable, But I think Einstein is INTJ.Dunno. No such intent involved.Si blends in, Se doesn't.

If not by intent, then by averaged out general interactions.lelAre you trying to attract people looking to get butthurt, bruh? 

Aye, ENFJ's are true believers indeed. it's just that answering via that avenue of though will decrease people thinking and increase people challenging. 

1st, or 2nd?

I edited the earlier comment a bit to add to 1 then. 

People get butthurt, feels take over, and people challenge the idea to assuage the feels.

People never learn by challenges. That's merely a social status victory by "demonstrating" superiority by rhetoric. I am yet to see someone learning something new that way. 

It's very very fun to engage in rhetorical combat for ego purposes, but it's very useless. 

I only write to give off ideas to others, because I composed my own ideas from reading and building on others.

Therefore, from my end, pointing out the propensity of such beliefs in the types you mentioned is counterproductive for my desires and purposes. 

While we are here, seriously though, the Fe- &gt;Ni chain creates true believers so hard.Nah. I was just questioning your purpose and intent. 

Did you mean to present it that way and if that method of presentation fulfills whichever thing you desire from writing on this website. 

If, say, this place is used by you to vent honesty at it's most harsh, then of course you need not change even a whit of your approach if you don't care for ruffled feathers.
Why the significant change in the positioning of Si and Se in your order?Bruh, I just told that what is perceived as fake behaviour of Fe is not necessarily driven negative intent.

I think I remember the conversation. What did I say, again? That it's ritual? Mere social lubricant?

Of course, people can be genuinely fake and dishonest while employing this method, but that's more on them anyway.

Fakeness is an intent of person thing, while falsehood is objective world right or wrong thing.Goal driven == Judgement of Externalized gain of something 

Literally Je. lol.May be a better way to put it would be to not judge shallowness as negative by default.Fe simulates external stuff to see how it reacts, while Fi does that internally.

Not much difference to be seen externally just by themselves, without considering what Pe or Pi functions they use to simulate this. 

Si Fi and Ni Fi will obviously run differently with the same inputs and same values, same as Se Fe and Ne Fe.
Sort of. 

It's to navigate judgement of values. Just like the definition says.

No one is going meta enough and depersonalizing their experiences. Everyone is adding their own self to the mix and adding extraneous ideas to functions.

It is... frustrating to watch.Nope.

decision making is decision making.

So, are you claiming that it is necessary for value judgement functions to have certain values?

If that is the case, functions are merely labels assigned to certain ideas, not a division all cognition into sectors. That makes this pointless.Summer freed you?Solidly immature SF's.

Even in them, the brutish moronic kind incapable of nuance and restraint, not the earthy and the meticulous ones.maybe obligations improve you. Hmm. Now sell me enneagram, please.Damn. wait, you are Indian?Make your case.  Your definition seems suspect to me.

As for anarchy, it requires one to have zero long term vision and the childish instinct to be free. Nothing else.It's, "be incoherently idealistic, yet have no plan to realise those high ideals."May be you should consider that one can go through such processes and still disagree with you.Clear to you, obviously. 

Views don't stand alone in the mind, independent from the process of gaining such views.

You think some comment or the other I made must automatically preclude me from informed judgement over a topic in question, yet, your association of such an idea to an understanding may not be accurate. 

This is why I said, "make the case." Not, "what did I miss"

I reiterate. I disagree with nearly all aspects of your premise on which you judge the people and organization in question, and thus, I ask you to make the case from ground up. Otherwise I will have to resort to applying the most common perception of people as your opinion. If that is the case, I can point out why that is utterly wrong.

Otherwise, please make your case on the topic in question and we can address that.

Not doing any of these options is useless and unproductive.&gt; I smell a mistyping.

Stop smelling your own farts and fuck off you throwaway coward.

Have some integrity.

And yet you are still better than the morons who downvote yet have no balls to make a point.

I doubt they are INFP's though. Too brutish.Sane answer!

Nice.

And you get downvoted... 

for what reason, even?

8.

Give it a decade, I think I can hit 9.well, "many people" are morons.let's not?&gt;Show each other memes

Is that what they are calling it these days?Everything I do is Fe mate.Well, implied by definition no? Judgement vs perception.Say anything bruh. Just got freed of work. Can't guarantee that I won't fall asleep though. Don't let your memes be dreams bruh.The insult is on inferior Te.

The implication being you do nothing to assuage the pain of whatever caused the feelings.INFP's  are probably the most trashed on Intuitives. Your example is kinda statistically realistic.

Self assurance is also a factor, obviously in how people self view.

Your brother's case self selected for not giving worth to MBTI tags, See?People diss them a lot.a stereotype of being a combination of too emotional and less inclination of taking action.

At least, that's the gist of it.

If GRRM is INFP, then he seems to be in the world's Strongest Si grip since decades.trends of formation of patterns of thoughts are helpful for those, If I may say so.It's called writing a story.Have you read his books?
clearly you know everything. Why bother talking to me?well, the brilliance of your initial argument has rendered me speechless.

What can I do but bask in your greatness, overlord?

even causality bows before you and makes your words reality, even retroactively.

Your edicts smite the world!Pathetic was your initial comment. Every writer is an INFP as far you are concerned. If pointing that out incites you to attack, then no point talking to you.

Go away.I am not interested in your retroactively added nuance to the conversation that died a while ago. 

&gt;He tries to emulate Tolkien's style and focuses on immense characterisation to move the story forward

lol. All Fantasy Tolkien to you? Now your broad stroke characterisation of writing style makes sense. You just don't read much. 

Just stop talking to me.  Your shallow understanding of all topics you raise here from fantasy writers to Functions is just grating combined with your insults.what did you quote there? Si into? what do you mean?

I make my statement based on GRRM's nature BTW.

He draws on historical events and morphs them to his vision whole sale. Many events in the series are literally cut from real, if obscure sometimes, events of history, compared to the more chimeric "inspirations" most other writers do. (Nothing Wrong with it, just pointing it out. No one is really original)

The general obsession with deep accuracy on the mechanisms of things. ( See his comments and criticism on Tolkien ) 

The description of Food and other bodily processes that is always more focused that other writers and so on. To memetastic levels, even.





As you say, So shall it be, Ye who spins the world on his whimsy!I can't not upvote that.you were a dick to me.&gt; But then, Tolkien created timelines, a language, a script, family trees and so much.

His intent was Ni oriented. He isn't INFP either.

Tolkein is actually easier because we have lots of personal correspondence of him.I consider him to be ISFJ because I strongly perceive a Pi-Ti axis at work and I conclude it's Si from other avenues of exploration.

This, however, Is something I can possibly be wrong on and he  may be is in the Si grip.

Another rule I follow is that people will display their what their inferior is one time or the other. That chink in the armour will display itself if watched deeply enough, And I don't see a case to be made for inf Te of GRRM in contrast to Inf Ne.

Nile has worms? I didn't know that.

I consider you to have fired the first shot, But no need to butt heads over that.Rowling is INFP. Ne, not Ni. Under the influence of current Zeitgeist of the world that emphasises certain values, It is easier to write a great ENTJ archetype villain than most.

Emphasis on great and current.

Villain archetypes of different ages seem to be different. Putting it like this makes this sound frightfully obvious.As I said, Ne, No Ni.

her world is an inconsistent nice sandbox that cannot exist without significant hand waving.

You can't speculate on the history, languages or economies of her world even minimally. 

And she grows worse by day regarding this, Just see pottermore.

This all signifies a very very low preference of Ni. And Ne matches up. Again, just see pottermore.

This one practically in the bag, tbh. One should consider a serious rechecking of functions again if one confuses Rowling for Ni.

Who is this "she"?


Ah, Thanks.Yeah, got from the other guy.Fi is a judgement function. INFP's lead by it. 

As I said, I advise you reexamine functions and types again.

Self identification is irrelevant, as is J/P dichotomy style typing.Language is not a solely instinctive process. You cannot gain full understanding from it. Your approach is wrong.You make one inconsistent point, while not addressing the many points that support the other view.Very unconvincing. 

I don't value your experience. And You seem to be running a Letter dichotomy based typing method, which is wrong in itself for much too well known reasons. It also doesn't matter the quantity of the people arguing otherwise, as long as it's not a quality argument.

This conversation is becoming pointless.





Exactly.She was always one.You are letting your personal judgement cloud your impression on what I wrote.

Speculation on internal workings of a world is not necessary to write a good book.  I have not stated as such. I merely noted it's presence or absence, and the implications of such a thing, you being the one passing a value judgement. Tone down. 

Do you have an argument?

Are you currently pained by something? I don't see what warrants this.

This community is not ideal, sure. So?&gt;not only do you have no basis for this

1. I do. Nature of the functions.

&gt;you stated it in a smug, arrogant manner.

2. I didn't.

&gt;is how your comment reads. 

3. It doesn't.

This is irritating, however, as you say you tired, try refreshing yourself and reading again. Yet, you still don't address the value judgement only you passed on characterizing styles of writing, and instead comment on my "attitude" failings you perceive. Not only that. His goal? He saw a lack of a national epic for England, and wanted to fill the void and processed to generate a mythos that tries to emulate what something that naturally evolved would have looked like, composed from many, and sometimes hard to reconcile systems like paganism and catholicism, and mythos of the tribes And cultures of Europe.

You can't get more Ni than that.It's called "political rhetoric" and "public speaking"

You may have heard of it.

Are you the type who thinks you actors show their real personalities in public? Or one conversation gives you everything to know about them? Unsurprising, considering what you were saying about "language"

Such tedious, fake language.
&gt;Not Fi-dom either I think, way too dry.

If I may ask, why are you using one speech, that are rehearsed and prepared for by celebrities as part of their duties, as something of a window to their mind?

He says he was tired and sleep deprived.

Let's cut some slack.&gt;i'm bothered by your implication that only Ni can create a complex, consistent world.

See, this is what is so bloody irritating. That implication only exists in your head. I never made a comment on complexity, and merely stated that the consistency in her world is not Ni oriented, and you pass value judgement over that idea and start berating me? What the fuck? Especially when I myself gave no indication of my own value judgments regarding methods of writing!



&gt;many INFPs have shown themselves capable of incredible creativity

Are you of the opinion that all creativity, and all methods and mechanisms of writing are the same? 

That is the only way criticism of what I said can stand, and clearly that is false.

&gt;Fi is a logical function in itself.

Feelings are perfectly logical. And I don't see the relevance of this comment to this discussion.

And this is all ignoring the fact that only one sentence of my argument is being addressed, and the rest being ignored.







I don't disagree, Same to you.X is good, Y is bad. Z is mediocre. A is Great.

And so on.  Dammit. Grammar Police lost the war.

This kinda irks me even though I never cared for the accuracy.&gt;speech one writes oneself describing one's own life experience and outlook

That's a very naive view of celebrities. Different perspectives it is.I didn't ask you, I asked the other person. I am familiar with what you think from our other conversation.yes.Clearly not. That ship has sailed yesterday. 

You can't pretend to be otherwise, that's ridiculous and dishonest.Intent is immaterial. What matters is what was displayed. 

I have elucidated my argument well enough. I don't see a reason to retread the same ground, especially when there is no reason to expect things to go differently this time.&gt; Now, the difference is that Ni has faith in systems, while Si has faith in models. Say a judging function points out that Ni is wrong: Ni: "Ok, I'll change the models to better fit the system." (trust that the system is accurate) But if a judging function points out Si is wrong: "Ok, I'll change the system to better fit the models." (trust that the models are accurate)

Best way I have seen yet that differentiates Si and Ni. Too bad I missed the OP

This sort of posts are what makes this sub worthwhile between all the self important childish morons.
 
who doesn't? 

Been trying since quite a while to isolate systems vs models in terms of mapping to the sensation and writing. This is helpful.INFJ.

Ni is obvious, with how you describe systems, The awareness of tone in how to present how you take information indicates Fe, But that can also be an attribute of Maturity, which leaves open the gate for Fi- Te axis

Having good use of both forms of judgement, F and T is what prevents easy association with one, and that tends to be Aux and Tert Judgement function users, Indicating leading by a perception function, which we know to be Ni from before.

Add to this, the Ti in display in your attempt to make a Ni coherent system, I say INFJ.

Explore functions, which clearly exist^1, Leave yourself more flexibility and don't believe everything people say and you should get an understanding by yourself.

 1. Do you agree with that, or is a conversation needed?






laptop screwed over last week, had to reset, yet to install skype.

Edit : The app and site are both not working to me.
lol. Same.

It signifies a sort of submission to untruths if sufficient momentum is gained, I would say.You know. The act of people misusing it constantly.

The cultural "meme" of using "literally" in such a manner gained sufficient momentum of usage, that dictionary makers had no choice but to prefer their mandate of recording the use of the language over their mandate of curating and maintaining their language on the basis of an ideal. &gt;/u/massiveprodigy

lolIt was the name. That glorious name.


And clearly a throwaway too, so, Yeah, Didn't see why not.Ah, nice. 

What do I mean by exist? Simple, It is that, One takes the realm of cognition, and divides it into non overlapping subsets that leave no gaps, that is, the union of the subsets is the same as the realm of cognition. 

By theory, it is possible to divide all of cognition in infinite methods, that follow this. One of such divisions is the functions of cognition, like plane divided by great axes into parts.

It does not matter if they are discrete brain activity events, because we are not dividing from the generation of activity side, but end of process manifestation side.

It is enough to see an activity, and to be able to map it to a function.

This will be a failure, if an aspect of cognition can be shown to be unable to fall with in the divisions of Rational Judgment, and Irrational perception, which is an impossibility. ( This is the location someone needs to hit if they want to prove the uselessness of labeling such processes of cognition as functions and deriving theory from it.)

I don't really care about stacks either, though I observe the tendency for people to prefer to form such stack preferences for use, which may be the types, and that Broad archetypes of humanity exist, which may also be correlated to these types.


In short, The validity of existence of functions, comes not from the predictive ability of the models created from those mechanisms, but in the rigor displayed, when all of cognition was observed, and classified, leaving no gaps, accurately. 

It's validity comes from the system of thought of division of cognition, not the predictability of any models that people derived later. 

It natural science of the oldest form, to observe a phenomenon, and to classify it.


eh, the excessive dickishness pushes the scale to the otherside.

even if not, Not gonna lose sleep over it.Won't stop the butt hurts....

So, you declare stuff, so you are Infj.

Excellent. 

The technical language used in different systems are all mutually transferable as long as the words are same! How could I have been so blind!

I wonder what your typing of me would be like.

See, this is the point i was making. You say you are open to discussion, yet are utterly fixated on this method you use and refuse to listen to it's criticism. Do you see why trust is not given now?

Intent feeds no one, sadly. 

It gets depressing to see how many ignore that.There seems to be no other possible conclusion to be drawn.

drawing one can only be withheld for so long.&gt; I wonder what is it about this that's getting to you.

I don't know.&gt;There's a lightness/bounciness in her approach that has a different tone than Ni - best I can describe it is that in general Ne feels sunny/yellow/bouncy/warm to me and Ni is more silvery-blue more like laser-focused cool moonlight to me.

Yes, this is somewhat similar to what I would say If I had just give vague impressions that I can't expect others to accept. Like one is a tall jenga tower and the other is a wide mansion if another avenue is to be said

I am yet to read her, but I shall do so soon, to see it would feel like.

Vice versa, LOTR, opinions?I think this one is just words, not circular logic, though I can be wrong.

As in, had an impression, checked language for perceived Language structures, and make conclusion. 

Hobbit was an impulsive work written for his children, and feels rather different to his life's work, his other stuff.

LOTR is what I would consider  Ni heavy.

Even his other stuff like Silmarillion or Children of Hurin.

I shall get back to you after reading L'Engle. So, I say I don't care for authority or experience of you, and ask you to actually state "why" and you keep doing otherwise?

Nice bit of circular logic here. Judging language proves it &gt; example are these other people &gt; They use judging language too.

Of course you are not seeing valid criticism in your mind. That is the point.

Ah, at least whatever source of irritation I had is gone now, as I see circular logic in display, which rather sets the rest of the conversation in context.

[Ok](https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/appeal-to-authority)*Writes the only useful answer on page*

*Gets downvoted*

Ah, the great constants of reality, always so soothingly stable.It is true. 

Temperance Improves.I don't disagree, mind, that people are entitled to their opinions. I doubt I would like it myself, If I was forced to change when I was wrong, Instead of me organically arriving at the conclusion myself, unless some sort of disaster was imminent.

If I was in your place, I doubt I would admit to such thing and ask. It is admirable, If genuine and not coming from a place of self hate.

However, by necessity, self improvement targets strengths of self first, and emulating others is rather disastrous in the long run.

Also, such attempts at emulation of others naturally provokes disrespect. This reaction is instinctual and cannot be controlled. The only way to prevent such a thing, is to build your own strengths first sufficiently.

Combining both, for your purposes as you stated in the post, emulating other's "better intellect" is a bad idea. 

I have tried to not question your opinion of NT's having superior intellect, while seeking to dissuade you from your choice of action. I hope your purpose in asking this question was served.

Can you explain to me what exactly you refer to?

I don't get it.The trend is, Ji's are bad, Je's are good.

As ever, Exceptions exist.

Ironically, Je's are easy to read, Ji's are harder. 

In the end, No one is an unreadable book, If sufficiently observed.Did we just talk of the same thing on the same day? lol.Better by what standards?Observing the state of a community is always necessary, to measure, calibrate, obey and defy it for self improvement. That's aesthetic preference, we will have disagree upon that.Pi &gt; Je is the process required to correlate time with strength of friendship, yes?

Tentative guess would be IxFJ's and IxTJ's being more prone to this then.Nx Ne Fx Fi.

The ambi ones can be arrived from both ends. With context, they can be more clear. For 1, It's wallace, So Ni.It seems the author of the article forgot Wallace committed suicide and did not account for that state of mind in his unspoken assumptions. Furthermore, His approach is filled with missteps and stereotypes.

Wallace's writing is laden with incomplete or inefficient  Ti-Fe processed Ni. His mental ill health shows. What is truly shocking is that his work is as good as it is even in such constraints. I would only produce utter shit if I ever wrote in that state of mind. 


Ah, Thanks, I thought I was being lazy not going point by point on missteps.......... Why??

All I see is an Immature ENFJ.They are, because they found some ENFJ that told them those while posing^utterly ^genuine ^in ^intentions ^ofc cool.

I am grateful to be extended such understanding by a stranger over the internet.Snags in communication I don't mind, As long as some communication happens in the end.

Too often, the describing in detail happens, which is given a response of absolute dickery or a sort of passive skipping of reading the comment. I am happy as long as that doesn't happen.

heh. I thought the previous comment might be taken as /s after writing it.

You are the same guy shilling a couple weeks ago, aren't you?

Couldn't you just make a dedicated post?noice b8, wud bite again.Since asking for "perfection" is unreasonable, 

Either be accurate, but infantile in descriptions, Or be serious, but fail. 

Don't suck at both.Yeah, I was not directing this at you OP. Just the people.One is focused, other is grounded.

INTP.Limit theory and it's transition to calculus, as it is taught, takes one on a Ni- Te approach for Differential, and  Ti-Ne for Integral. 

This is also the historical path taken by the two individuals. From this,

Newton - INTJ

Leibniz - INTP^1

1. xNTP resolved in favor of INTP, from his other actions(－‸ლ)&gt;ITT, Attempts to reduce shit posting

No. [Summoning is complete](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqY_Ko_yPE0)I see that the other INTJ guy thinks you are more mature than most INTP's too along the same lines.

Nice.Same standards apply for maturity for all humans.

Emotions change. Emotional control required for introspection is never lost however. what does it even mean?It is. Sensory indulgence.the conscious rational realization, sure, possible.

Teh feels? nah.where do emotions come from?No Ni. The points you gave have zero meta sense.

Fi something.bwahahhahahahhahaha.

Spoken like a true Ti dom.

ISTJ, thank you very much.&gt; CBT therapy 

Psychologists are a sham.

Along with Sociologists and Economists.

here, in this case, a vague correlation is established, not cause. And the linearity is a nice orderly delusion.

And yes, I am saying that on an MBTI sub.

Some of the shit works, but only accidentally.&gt;  hey it works

HAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAAHHHAAHHAHAHA

Truly, the Ne-Si axis is magical.

So perfectly accurate one moment, utterly off another.Since when did psychologists work?yeah, no. 

Well crafted illusions are still illusions.Who talked of my personal experience? why do INTP's leap at the chance of making a projection argument?INTP's Devalue Ne, ENFJ's Devalue Ni.

To their detriment.I don't claim to speak for others. My language has been learnt from books, not people, although I speak similarly with people too.&gt; is it possible that Fi sense of personal right and wrong are driving the "memory" and Ne is giving a sense of support via some of the processes described in the OP?

Yes. 

Not merely possible, but a disturbingly regular pattern. 

The error prone type interaction prediction model turns me off from socionics because it implies some core assumption mistake, but I do think they have some things perfectly accurate. I accept it's conclusions when it's process is elucidated to me and it seems correct.

In here, what does signs mean? caused by? correlated to?

And why are people obsessed with harmony? is this a western culture thing? So "-" is both negative and Large scale? Why make the value  judgement on scale?

2 and 3 and 4 together seem reasonable, but why add the 1st factor which just seems to be pushing value judgements on things?Seriously though. Counselors work because of the personal skill of the people.this would be funny if it wasn't accurate.Both?

Red humor it is, then.oh, the structural defects in the idea keep popping up the more you think.ugh, I am yet to even read l'engle. So be it. 

It would be useful to identify the exact factor which causes my disagreement with socionics anyway.

Will get back to you after.Yes, experience. I have seen em do this sort of self gaslighting to themselves, where subtle details are forgotten which change the whole flavor of a past event.

For what it's worth, It seems like more subconscious than conscious.what do you mean?Just think about it. Or wait till you get to college and see the tons of useless therapy sessions.&gt; combined

I don't agree with the premise of this question, but you forgot adding the almighty Fi to strengthen your argument.

I don't think you understand Pi functions.

Either that, or you are projecting desperately.

Resistance to change views is a value judgement and tends to be caused by Fi or Fe.Yup. I made this argument a while back to some enfj. 

They do this designated location only use thing.

This direction of synergy of functions might be why Jung ordered the functions as IIEE, I think, though I don't really do the historical reading bit in this field.&gt; What a tangled web we weave

Everytime someone uses that phrase, they don't mean "We" but accuse a "you".I wonder. Was the comment on music from some Fe type?&gt;I knew that myth was only perpetuated by people who didn't like INFPs! I knew it!

Put simply, you are being a moron.

This provided two points, That one dislikes INFPs, and that they see a tendency of self deception in them. By ordering them over cause and effect, 

There are two possibilities, 

1. They hate INFP's, they lie. 

2. They notice this pattern in INFP's and that causes dislike.

You jump like a desperate hound on 1, utterly ignoring the possibility of 2, and gain emotional validation.

It's easier to believe people hate on you for no reason, than they have noticed something that turns them off.

This is what is disgusting about Fi. You find it easier to hate on the world than change yourself.[Dim?](http://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/s480x480/e35/11421937_877998482294512_1134369916_n.jpg?ig_cache_key=MTA0NjYwNjc5MDEwMjM1MjEwMg%3D%3D.2)Again with the personalizing and reading only the bits you want to read and the moral outrage.

Your question has been answered by the other person. Fi-Ne synergy. Ignore it all you want.

&gt;This would make sense if I was a mistyped INFJ, but alas.

See, you personalized a generalized comment again. How nice.









I am sure that is what you believe.You keep using words. I am not sure if they mean anything.

If moral high ground is what you seek, please, have it.Oddly, it feels like Jung is Ni projecting. 

Those who conquer ego, any type, are the ones who accomplish and stand as giants. My comment was, as ever, generalised.Fi is not owned by a person. It's a pattern of cognition. 

You are simply reiterating the pattern of moral outrage and personalisation I spoke of earlier.In general, the clumps I have seen are SJ's and NT's.maybe INTJ's.

ENTJ's, not so much.You write that on a comment that explicitly mentions individual utilities of functions.ENTJs have good circles. I met a lot of them.&gt;instead of getting pedantic

yeah, that's what I assumed too.  A targeted comment rather than a generalised one./u/lastrevio took my generalized comment in a conversation on how psychologists, economists and Sociologists are a sham as a possibility of their methods like CBT not working at all.

No real controversy.Pretty much.

&gt;medical psychiatry

I am utterly unfamiliar with it, though more inclined to trust it compared to the ones I mentioned.

I could boil it down to say that my view is that these "social" sciences are in an era similar to phlogiston era of chemistry or ether of physics. (unlike new age sciences). This is ignoring the political angle, of course. Can't expect a theocracy to advocate stuff that proves no god.Honored.INFJ

Can only answer based on how locked a person is in a function, Can't bring myself to admire someone deeply locked in, and not admire anyone balanced, but these are the vague generalizations.

Kill : Fe's, Fi's

Bang : Fe's, Ne's.

Marry : Ne's, Ni's.Obligatory comment on how accurate comments get down voted.Probably half the politicians.&gt;hey it works

I think we need to hammer down what you mean by "it works"true, but too vague?

They do tend to be the core around which clumping occurs.&gt; moon in aries

Apparently I am one.Is it used because it is a practical application offshoot of a greater theory?

Or because it was observed to work and thus used?I think you went too much into specifics.

I believe it is to do so with personal desires and tendencies to action caused by such function use, instead of conscious mechanism checks like the one you propose.

&gt;they are more likely to come to a common agreement very quick 

This is an error. They will address the topics to judge soon, but resolution of the conflict is based on extraneous things too, like the topic itself, force of personality of people involved, emotional attachment and so on. If anything, many a promising group has broken up too soon due to such rushed confrontations, since personal bonds haven't formed yet.

These clumps, I have seen, while are strongest with a bunch of ExxJ's on common ground, they tend to be short lived. At the same time, long term clumps with significant group activity, yet are stable tend to have a varied mix.

As for the why, I chalk it up to tendencies of behaviors and desires generated by running a Je function predominantly.I disagree with the first premise, atleast, That a greater cohesive theory that provides mechanisms that work exist.seriously, what's the immediate relevance?Why did it work?hahaNow, now, going for assumptions of personality again?

You don't see me question a field of study Willy nilly, do you? Merely ones that have shown themselves unworthy of trust, or some degrees of it.

&gt;I don't know, who cares, at least it works!


Hahahahaha
Optimally under conditions not elucidated with the model, and thus needs to be augmented with common sense, that is, generalised wisdom of the human experience.

It has been centuries since physics and chemistry needed that sort of a crutch.

Advocating a lack of necessity on finding "why" is rather medieval.

LOLENxxs.ok.I clash with Ne users when they are not using it enough.

Similar to other Ni users.

Especially Aux Ne and Ni.Headstrong, Idealistic.

A bit too strong of a self Image, though strives hard to maintain it.

FP. He got damaged by media because not enough Fe- Ne catastrophising.What, ESFP?Ni is not rare at all.

It's the people who run on it a significant amount of time are who are rare.

Agnostic, culturally religious,

Center Right.I don't see what you mean by your question.

Trying to Think like someone or something else by necessity changes the mental state.You are depressed, get help.
I have an ENTJ friend searching for people like you.That's Si, dude, not Ni.One is a pedant. 

The other is not.Hmm, it seems this answer is the most reasonable of all.Now I am confused from the other end. Isn't such a change mental illness?America, FUCK YEAH!A based INFP.Wait, you think non violence works?

Or just morally agree with the stance?Rather doubtful.

Care to elaborate?Depends on the ideology.

Obligatory reminder that Hitler was INFJ.Big? yes, it is.

The quirk of the function stack makes it that their actions are similar, but their motivations and cores are entirely different.

As for the people you stated, I am not familiar with them, sorry.

Ne doms mostly, bruh. ...what?More like Se.because ESTP, see?I didn't get you. What does we are both M mean?
Se? Se? 

DO YOU SEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE?Ah, Gay joke. Didn't even occur to me bruh.FOORISH HOOMAN, PUNS ARE THE SUPERIOR FORM OF HUMOURS. ASSIMILATE OR BE ANNIHALATED. Fe is externalised value judgement, not the harmony crap people peddle around.

F =/= feelings, it's values, like T not being literal thinking.No. Ni is activated by observation.

The bit about Fe is true, however.so your position is T+ feelings = F?There is no point in discussion if that is the starting point and you attempt to prove by assertion.

You do want to have a conversation, yes?

Ni? By nature it brings detachment. 

I don't disagree with your point per se. Merely how you arrive at it, and the conclusions that fueled it. Visceral judgement externalised.

what is wrong with the other is that one assumes Harmony is a inherent value that will be added by default.

There is a difference between imposing your will and "harmonising" a scenario, and one blending like a wall flower into it or just trying to create a bad peace in an unstable scenario.Suppose you piss me off. I punch you, break your jaw. my anger is now gone, and I am at peace and well, detached.

Fe enough for you?

Your problem is scales. A moment of attachment =/= constantly highly sensitive association with the world. As some one else in the thread is saying, you are not differentiating Fe and Fi enough.


Your application is wrong. Utterly.

You may as well say Te users obsessed about creating or learning Efficiency models like Ti users.




what, someone told you odd thinking is Ne?Well, I don't know what else to say.  It was the most condensed I could make it, while being perfectly accurate in what I meant. 

Reactions to the external world the self produces based on prior experience and in built tendencies?

If I keep rambling, I may introduce some word or phrase that doesn't gel in completely with the exact idea I am trying to convey.

&gt; I've been consistently differentiating Fe as a function from Fe users

Now this is odd. It doesn't come off that way at all. Especially after taking in the thread title in question. And I don't think I am unique here in that aspect either.

&gt;since people use multiple functions they are more complicated than a pure function,

And now you are disagreeing with the premise of your own thread. What dude. 

 &gt;If you are "detached" from me you aren't thinking about me at all and therefore aren't making a Feeling judgment about me.

You mean not getting visceral reactions about you and thus no feeling function use yes? That's what you probably mean, but the sudden addition of the word thinking in context can generate missteps in communication.


&gt;There's nothing that makes one more of an emotion than another.

Wrong, social constructs are not the same as emotions themselves. Diplomacy as a field is impossible otherwise. Were you trying to make some other point and this was a misstep?


BTW, heard of stoicism? It deals with performing attached action with detachment by similar scaling difference tricks.Do you have problems with, say, Lights and sounds?

or other sensory indulgences?&gt;visceral

&gt;relating to deep inward feelings rather than to the intellect.


Externalizing such reaction by way of judgment based on those reactions over things.

ugh, This statement may communicate something unintended in contrast to the previous one.

&gt; A lack of direct compatibility of emotions is a problem in diplomacy and other interactions with cultures. Look up the emotion "legit."

...

Tell me, what is an emotion?&gt; The person immediately changed the goalpost to Fe users and I started talking about Fe users, and as I did my statements became less black and white.

The best thing to do was point out such movement, and stick to the original point you were making.

I merely say that it comes off otherwise. Since confirmation is obtained from you, I am happy enough with that part of the discussion. Merely a few definitions you are using are my remaining quibbles.Not comprehensive or exclusionary enough.

As for stoicism, I might botch it, I advocate reading Marcus Aurelius's meditations.A visceral reaction. 

I might get this wrong, and be incapable of eloquence of the perfect definition. 

Not relevant to my point. 

"Legit" ness is a culture barrier problem. Not an emotion.well, can be. 

Can also be speech or action. ah, a culture specific emotion. I don't know what this one is, and google isn't helping, but the general point I wish to make stands then.

Emotions create social constructs, not vice versa. 

The problem in question was generated by the lack of compatibility of social structures, which diplomats process by parsing the emotional context between the cultures. Diplomats manage such social structures.

If ligit is not a concept that exists for someone, it doesn't matter, since the human capacity to understand it remains regardless. It just becomes a matter of evoking the right analogue in a different culture.

&gt;Often these emotions don't translate 1:1. 

The point is that it is possible for them to be translated, if there were no constraints on time. That level of accuracy is not needed for general interaction

&gt;A diplomat might understand an emotion on an intellectual level without having experienced it though.

Exactly. 

&gt;Can you prove that?

Easy. Social constructs did not occur naturally but did so with human action. Not so with emotional capacity, which came about beyond our say and pushes to act in certain ways via how we evolved. Thus, Emotions =&gt; Social constructs. They influence each other after both emerge, but causation is clear.

Geography does have significant effects on population and their social constructs, along with history.

heh.The conversation proceeded to resolve this bit of disagreement, mostly.It did not create capacity for new emotions. It merely evoked ones that weren't evoked before.

Also, such feelings can explained and made for people to understand them, another indication of the capacity being harnessed, not physiology being altered by social constructs.what? context dude. context.&gt; Physiology is altered by social constructs

In this context, Not in the way you are taking it.

Our ability is inherent in our biology. And I don't think I edited that one, though I tend to edit that way, sure.Not in this context. No.You jumped way off. Please reread the conversation.Then I got nothing to tug on.Yeah, I did qualify my statement. I just felt like I had to add this to the thread. I had no opinion towards the event you were referencing to.typo, yeah?&gt; you learn a hell of a lot more by empathizing with people's struggle than you do by belittling their struggle to hide your own.

Was that bit of moralizing necessary?Why do people who think this even bother with the Sub and the label then?You don't care, so why care about people who care?

Doesn't seem consistent, is all. Not attacking you or anything.&gt; i also care about people being able to define themselves 

But this happens in the public sphere. You can't go to a place and impose yourself on the people there with out being answerable, just like people don't get impose themselves on someone's life without providing something.

Oh I understand, I merely disagree because well, It seems contrary to the ethos of a dedicated discussion zone in public, Not merely because it is public.

I obviously wouldn't care anywhere else.&gt;seems like a valued Fe vs valued Fi split.

Well, of course. That was what this always was.

&gt;you just have to take what people say with grains of salt?

That's not how this works. 

Say, people lie. Then, you tell other people that they have to be on guard and careful and more used to the prospect of people lying. That doesn't change the moralistic nature of the initial lying. 

Similarly, I will always take things with a grain of salt. Doesn't mean that any level of rigor or the lack of it is the same. 

And consequentially, 

less rigor == reduced worth of the discussion == Everyone loses 

By this process, One is literally reducing the utility of the place of discussion itself, and thus, what is the point of discussion?&gt;honestly, what is "rigor" in mbti? it's a subjective psuedoscience 

Exactly. If that is what one thinks, why be here?

&gt;there's still a point in discussion. you get to see how and why they think things.

&gt;if someone lies - don't trust them. if you catch them in a lie - that's a valuable piece of information for you. 

Individuals =/= Groups. So what? 

&gt;less rigor == reduced worth of the discussion == Everyone loses

This calculus is true. There is no escaping it.

Objective truth is always objective truth. It doesn't come from above as a divine revelation. It is always there, waiting to be found.

By your logic, before the discovery of atomic theory, any moron could write whatever he wants and pass it as an accurate description of why substances act in certain whys, and no one can question him because "that's just his perception, and it's not like no one is wrong".&gt;and you're extrapolating my "logic" onto a domain which i never intended it to apply. i even clarified that in objective sciences, i agree more with you.

There is no such thing as objective sciences and subjective sciences. 

You don't and can't create domains where logic is applicable, and areas where it is not.

&gt;i don't think mbti has that (yet), and it's misguided to pretend it does.

It does not come about magically one day, without anyone doing anything. Again I will go back to the analogy pre modern age science.

&gt;if we already have the objective truth, why bother searching for it? if all the definitions are defined - what's the point? what discovery is to be made?

You didn't read me beyond getting stoked on by some key word, did you? Let me help.

&gt;It is always there, waiting to be found.

You **are** being inconsistent. I don't mind, of course, or even have a say in it, and originally started this conversation to see your pov, whether you knew it or you didn't care about it, or felt elsewise. I understand where you are coming from, I merely disregard it since the rationale is not reasonable. 

So, I am rigid, as opposed to what? If I am right, I am right, If I am wrong, I am wrong. 

&gt;that's your issue - not mine.

Attack my points. Not me. 

Yes. That is why I did not disagree with the OP.

The Infamous Inf Se sensory binges happen because of the sudden break in the detachment.

Ni is a hermit function.

It's also one of the reasons I say ENFJ's and ENTJ's devalue or undervalue Ni.Widen my perspective. I will owe you my loyalty.

Make me aware of something I have never known before.Everything in my previous comment still stand.


I got what I wanted to understand though, so that's cool.And yet you refuse to flair up ﴾▰ᨎ▰﴿Exactly the reason you should.

I mean, the fear is not from self doubt is it? Then you should. 

Resisting such social pressure is an excellent form of social growth, and ultimately, healthy.

But don't do It because I said so though.Someday, bruh. Someday.

Doing it once won't make it utterly irrelevant from then, but it does contribute to improvement of self, after. Slowly..... Suddenly massive para's. 

Give me time.

It didn't really seem rude or curt either. I disagreed with you, that's all.Lel, addressing this one accurately would be very Un- PC.That the reason why SJ and SP seem archetypical, while in contrast, for N functions F and T are more determinant in the vague observable sense of an archetype is reliant on making a quality judgement over the nature of S and N. 

That's very very Un- PC.

Also, Blackalyph gave it in a below comment with a nice phrasing avoiding such connotations, heh.I seriously do need to introduce you to my ENTJ friend.Lots of Kek worthy posts.What ever thing that generates a boost to eloquence.

Te?The 1st one.

1st one here too.blue INTJ, Yellow, ENFP.

I am cheating via experience.&gt;get INTPs to stop being pedants

What next, Make utopias work?Not the aspect of word crafting I was speaking of.

Ti is good at assembly. Exclusionary language. Managing a large of pool of words. Precisely eliminating an idea and delivering the rest. The field of Law stands as a great example, A veritable fortress of precision.

I want to be good at Conveying what I mean very very quickly. Conciseness. Accuracy. To rapidly attach a concept with a short sentence or a word. Focus. All these things, Ti sucks at. 

An aside, Ne-Ti is too hit or miss at what I want for my taste. anything Ne, even. I like it in others a lot, but it's not something for me.

Wanted to write, wrote.Welp, you are an ESFJ now.You are talking to me now, so E, not I, Your comment was too small, Indicating Shallowness, so S, You indicate having an emotion, so F, and in the end, your comment was a judgment on what you want, So J.

You an ESFJ.Whoa.Ok, My histrionic Pal! how has been the transition from Autism?..... Isn't that in the definition?Sup, My Infp bro.Well, I was fulfilling the intent of your post mate. Afterall, what else is the point? :PAre people really stupid enough to believe they have window to the mind of a politician via their public persona, maintaining which is part of their job description?Neferpitou - ENFP

Menthuthuyoupi - ENTJ

Shaiapouf - ENFJ.

You, I like, OP.

Additions 

Hisoka - ENTP 

Meruem - Everything. He is Humanity perfected.wtf... Our True overlords were INTP's All along....

HAIL SKYNET

I FOR ONE, WELCOME OUR NEW ROBOTIC OVERLORDS.they are using ESTJ and INTP perspectives in the functions, aren't they?REPENT! THE END IS NIGH!This is translates to non socionics as, different axis express the core function concept differently and adds extraneous ideas to it, yes?Because, if you try to ask, say, an ENTJ and an ISTP, you get some qualifiers removed from what described the functions as, and get some ideas added.

You are describing archetypal use of the functions mate. Not just the functions. Thus extraneous ideas are added to it.I really should slog through the material /u/_relight_  gave me, even though I keep questioning the assumptions of every other sentence. It would make communication possible with the socionics people.

Yes, that's pretty much what I was saying. The data is not usable material. You are underestimating powerful people.

if it is one person, sure, we can pierce the shroud. 

It's an ecosystem here, however.It's going horribly. I read something, think, this seems to contradict some other event I know, and lose motivation.Are they from the ecosystem? Do we insider knowledge?

The objective worth of all subjective data is not the same.

[remember this?] (https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6fal0g/intj_istp_infj_none_seem_to_fit_how_can_i_be_sure/diixl2m/)

You ESFJ matey.&gt;The INFP in my life insists that there is no objective truth, that individuals have their own personal truths and that is all there really is. I strongly disagree. I've seen, from her, what that approach to truth yields, and it scares me in its lack of accountability to actual reality.

This. This. You are pursuing the wrong avenue of thought. Excluding possibilities is trivial compared to exactly stating the mechanisms. It seems there is no quality factor to the data as far as you are concerned, merely quantity.

&gt;To just brush it off as unusable data with a smug "you're underestimating them" is just dumb, defeatist and adds nothing to the discussion.

If insults are open as an option, then I shall reciprocate.

You are too dumb to realise what ought to be generalised and what ought not to be because your ego is blinding you.  It won't hit you now, but when you inevitably fail sometime, you will realize you were being arrogant.&gt;The objective worth of all subjective data is not the same.

It seems like you don't understand this.

I repeat. A large quantity of data is not necessarily worth something by it's own, if it is of suspectable quality.
If got that, then you didn't get this "Are they from the ecosystem? Do we insider knowledge?"

If you got both, your comment has no reasoning standing behind it.ISTP, Excellent Stuff would try again.Tbh, you guys are the worst at actually conveying what you mean though. Too much excision and internalization from being optimized to application.Sup mate.

It's B.

Life will take care of A types inevitably by making them crash and burn.yup.why?Truly I am lopsydi's bane. :P

What is it though?Lel, I actually see it the completely opposite way, although Fe gets triggered by everything in observation.If anything, I associate A with Ti and B with Fi.uh, my criticism was rather differently intended, and was mostly rooted in a tendency to have a lack of belief in objective reality for Fi. I don't exactly remember the context for that one, but my only intended criticism of Fi is that. If I said Fi is prone to Mistypes, It arises as a consequence of this point, that's all.

Fe judges everything. kinda the point of extroverted Judgment function, yes?

Well, I can wait 5 years.

or 10.

As my mum kept stating throughout my childhood, *Patience Pays*.Dunno.Ah, their mind will do the work for us. 

If you think you are right, and you are wrong, reality has a way of catching up to you and teaching you. No exceptions.

&gt;Not only that, but what about all of the damage they do in mean time?

No one is omnipotent. You will go nuts if you try to play god over all things. If this is such a big deal to you, Join a bureaucracy and do your best. Just caring brings nothing.

Do your best, be not attached to the fruits of the action, merely the action. That's my position. life Inevitably sucks.

&gt; So Fi is delusional.

Is that what you think I said or What you concluded on based on If what I said was true? 

This conclusion has missed a point in the logic chain. People are irrational. They don't completely and utterly act according to their beleifs. Every one of us know that reality is objective [Instinctively](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reflex).  It's Thoughts + Instincts.

An Irrational belief does not make one delusional Immediately. If that is the case, everyone would be delusional because everyone has something or the other like that. It is a matter of not being able to interact with reality. 

If I had to put it edgily like you did, it's more of a prone to the possibility or Delusionals In Waiting, especially with the wrong values, Though I don't think that will ever happen with out serious mental illness. Most disconnection with reality does Merely low level damage and issues with life.


BTW, TJ is low stack Fi. They devalue the instincts of Fi. Your observation is not wrong, merely it's pairing is. They are more prone to A, but not because of Fi, but because Je paired with Low Fi.
Te and Fe and undervalued Fi for A.

High stack Fi and Low stack Fi are not the same things. 

For example,When someone says Se user, they don't mean an INFJ.Yeah, yeah, this one is mostly generally used semantics issue, not something that's wrong with your observation.

You just hit upon the mechanism of Fi in TJ's that make them prone to A. More mechanisms exist.Not Accurate. Consistent.

&gt;If a better case is made

By a standard of insane and unrealistic levels of pedantry. This is not a compliment.

If anything, The Crash and Burn comment was made via INTP and ENTJ experience.







[This has been asked already](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6f8d9x/opinions_on_keirseys_system/)Ne needs Si to Build on. Ni needs Se, and so on.

Same for all the axis.

It seems like all such processes are actually the same that are merely directed differently, thus, their dependence makes sense.

Think about what Si does. Then Think about what Ne does. Forget the extraneous stuff like where the things being processed are coming from, or what the process is directed at. Just look. Do you not see a similar threading of disparate concepts together by a perceived chain of cause of effect?&gt;a constructive conversation if you're careful and patient

a constructive conversation is when people participating gain something.Those seeds don't bloom independent of reality catching up and causing trauma, which is kinda destroying the point in trying to tell them something.

Ah, this is Different values though. I value the rhetorical ability I gain when I argue with A, that's all.If by that, you mean the general field of possible methods of cognition is the same for all people regardless of preference, yes.&gt;The J and P dichotomies are too different to be ignored

We observe the opposite for N's in reality, method of judgement itself taking priority.

Contrast ESFJ/ESTJ and ENFJ/ENTJ.

In the end, what we see happening is the final arbiter, regardless of the beauty and coherency of the logic system proposed. Ah, Glorious Fi- Ne, making a beautiful mess of everything.

If functions were video player tools, Fi- Ne would be contrast and hue filter modifier.

As ever, no major questions on your observations, minor quibbles on your conclusions that may have a cascading effect.

I have a lot to say on this one, give me time.nah, merely that some other factor over took it at the execution phase.Rand Al Thor is ENTJ

John Snow is INFJ.

It seems you know nothing about typing. Utterly nothing. Atleast you have read wheel of time, so that's a bit nice.

You are not even close to be properly "wrong"10/10 please do other axes.

kudos on the excellent Ne.[10/10](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/844/770/e9d.jpg)Heh.

It kinda doesn't help.

I never can formulate good questions at a useful time. Just look at my profile.Firstly, You are not an INTJ, you are an ISTJ.

Secondly, 

&gt;call on those in the leadership structure for fast &amp; concrete assistance, inferior Se-style

This is Inferior Te, not Se.

The Inferior Se thing to do is to take a knife or a gun and try to kill the person in question, not run to daddy for help.

The Stress will manifest as distrust in obvious observations, causing focus to shift objects that feel solid and reliable and a desire to resolve the situation by oneself, Not as mistrust in one's own ability and the need to delegate duties to a large cog with moving parts, trusting it to do it's Job. Do you even Ni?

Thirdly, your friend is an INFP or even an ISFP, not an INFJ.

Fourthly, You post is a load of gobbledegook, with utterly null amount of emotional context. Just because you need to be circumspect does not mean you cannot evoke the right emotions in the people in question with the right analogies and metaphors. 


Fifthly,

&gt;I began to feel extremely sad for her. Her vacations, her daily routine, everything has been disrupted by this contact. 

&gt; This upset me on behalf of my ESFJ superior, because it was such a disrespectful thing to do after she made so many sacrifices

&gt;Watching such a conflict rip right through multiple levels of leadership resources has been jaw-dropping.

&gt;leadership team


ISTJ ISTJ ISTJ ISTJ ISTJ.

Edit:

Sixthly,

You should try to stop being in such AWE of Authority.Hold my beer.If you seriously have issues with self care, you should see a therapist. 

Fe REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE


Ahem, that's it.partial /sI am young, and thus unsure on a few things. 

Sure, I am also a bit more of an asshole than you ever were.

I did feel everything I wrote, though. No. 

I disliked the post very much, that's all. 

The post wasn't impulsive either.&gt; I would suggest that your perspective on ISTJs might be skewed somewhat

Maybe, But I don't think that's dislike though. I liked the ones I know and seem to be ISTJ's without exception. Si is not something I clash with in general, especially if I know the person.

It's not like I didn't know my tone was very very different compared to the usual. It was a decision. Where you asked a query, I went all in. Thus, the comment.

&gt; did find it near impossible to follow and I am not sure why

Awe of authority is the reason I think to be the case. Arrogant of me to presume so from a single post, I know, But I am not going to change that with out seeing otherwise.

As I said, I am considering things. I am blessed with a window of freetime that is probably never to repeat over my life time, And that makes me examine a few things that seem odd or not so concrete, that I feel I might not got the chance to do so in isolation anymore.&gt;But ISTJs don't have some persistent awe of authority, that's the thing

Exactly!

I see unhealthy behavior, not type specific behavior I dislike.I consider myself answerable to my past self.

Is that attachment?Um, that's what I said too. ...why must the two ideas be linked?

That I dislike the post and the type of someone? I spoke of the INFJ in question not being one too. 

If I put the last sentence as 6th comment, will that change?Exactly, So I should separate out the last sentence then.

Yes, I don't see it that way. I kinda classed them via fields to be addressed in which I spoke of individual things.


I thought the lines being separate would be enough.

Yes.

Yes.

Why is given in the Object+ relation with zero emotional context beyond statements that this is *just so* method used in the whole post. Si-Te with less integrated Fi. The quotes I took were those that I thought illustrated this. 
Well, fuck me, My bad.Yeah, It seems that we see the same thing but attribute it to different causes.

ISFJ maybe, but how would Fe give something so utterly lacking in emotional context regarding the transgressions and boundaries?

Language barrier, maybe. It hits me once in a while.

&gt;led by a relatively calm and lucid "just the facts, ma'am" approach

Yup. 

They absorb data so fast and clean, even under disagreement. 
&gt; loudly expounding on something or other with this almost caricatured note of melodrama in her energy.

Yeah, they have this way of inflicting second hand cringe from the drama, balanced by the exuded infectiousness that kinda takes you in anyway. 

I have a guess on what you feel off, though whether to state it or not is the sort of the odd things I have been considering so another *unsure* thing incoming.

Considering the general sense of ISTJ mental architecture you hold, which seem to be rather similar to my own,  The requirements that ought to be filled for such architecture to produce material like the original post, are maybe distasteful to contemplate?

The unsureness comes from the immense degree of presumptions I am making to state this.

Edit: I regret this already.



If I stand trial with versions of my past self as Jury, I should never be convicted.No. I was talking to TK. &gt;I hate the Si=routine stereotype

I didn't make a single comment regarding routine. Literally none. Was it a general one?Yes, I don't care about most other's comments, only that I was having a conversation with him. It's not a point of making an excuse. It was a matter of personal respect making me answer his query on what my view point was.

If other's made good arguments, I would respect them too, but considering the tone and phrasing of the post were conscious choices as I mentioned, I don't care about criticism that solely focuses on that.

Don't like it? Think of me as an asshole and move on.




&gt;Get a fucking life you cunt.

Pathetic attempt at moral policing.

Thanks.That's not even good logic.

hey, mate. This shit was what I was talking about regarding personal respect.

You do realise that with every word you mouth off, the more meaningless your criticism becomes, and the less the difference between you and your image of me, right?

Childish.Actually, you didn't. You didn't even do a good service to your own point.Cool. 

I look forward to seeing you elsewhere on the sub.Nope. Same. Your image of me is not something I comply with. The same person made this post and the rest.

Btw, Insults strengthen in their own way. This conversation made me more sure of the reasons for this post.

No idea what socionics says, if it disagrees with what I said, just add it to the mountain of disagreements you know I have with it's predictions and methods of generalizations.Cool down there, Sigmund Freud. I am too schizophrenic to remember why I posted the comment. While being the next Hitler, ofcourse.




While Stalin is cooler than hitler, I don't think he was INFJ. &gt; going with the crowd(or leading the crowd)

Excellent.

&gt;All Te systems are universal because of all being in the same big context (the universe)

Even more excellent.

I thought you had trouble describing Te. What changed?
That was Te. 

S is from other stuff. Many ways to do the same thing.

A guess would be Inf Fe distrust of people, contrasting with the Inf Se solidity seeking. 

Also, Polr is a socionics term, is it not?Why?

Also, I don't have the motivation to do so after our prior conversation.lel, Ji bias in the chosen examples.&gt;Fe = 19 people happy good while 1 very sad.

&gt;Fi = 20 people medium mood

&gt;Doesn't that mean that Fe generalizes?

Uh, what?

&gt;Who tf is the one limiting data?

What use is that sort of classification? Please tell me it's not a socionics thing again.

Don't systematize for the sake of it!I have no concrete ideas on applications of functions beyond 4-5. I have not seen anyone make good generalized cases either.Je functions provide great energy when their intent is being acted upon.

Lel, it means you don't find myself some one to be opposed morally anymore.&gt;Fe is saying fuck you to the outsiders that don't follow the crowd and go by democracy. Fi will try to please everybody even if they don't follow the crowd but unfortunately that will cause diharomny

contrast this, with

&gt;Fe = 19 people happy good while 1 very sad.

&gt;Fi = 20 people medium mood


Was it a typo?
Who knows, only you can know that.I mentioned it somewhere or the other, I have low motivation regarding this post now to banish laziness.

If I have to provide the method used, Ni would help in providing emotional context more by it's very nature regardless of paired Judgement functions while reducing the focus. Way less solidity!  So, you are saying Fe notices the differences, yet tries to meld them? While Fi doesn't give weight to them in expression while letting them stay untouched?The nuance doesn't carry well in the phrasing.

I also have partial disagreements, because this is sort of not universal.I don't see the attempt at such classification being meaningful in reflecting some core nature of the function.not like this. I/E works enough for me to try more. Probably Ni bridging some gap helping. &gt;The problem with therapy-- include self help and mind hacks-- is its amazing failure rate. People do it for years and come out of it and feel like they understand themselves better but they do not change. If it failed to produce both insights and change it would make sense, but it is almost always one without the other.I/E T.

Done.It's how I do it. 

Nothing else seems systematically accurate.... wow, such shocking idea much wow.

You outed me mate. 

THE MASQUERADE HAS BEEN BROKENApparently some dude saved my lazy ass in writing out the exact problems I have with therapy and psychology. that's enough reddit for me.&gt; I've never really thought INFJs were robotic in any way, but I do think they lack any sort of conviction. Which will always bother me about them. At times it feels like they would rather "keep their cool" then fight for any sort of meaningful change. It seems really common in the INFJs I'm around to act like emotions are this uncontrollable force that seeks to blind people from the truth

Then you don't know any. 

Anyone who behaves like this around me will get their faces caved in.

because, Inf Fe man, we were generally having an on and off conversation about Therapy and related ideas sporadically around the sub, and it is grating to write about the obvious.&gt; When people say they don't care about history it literally BLOWS my mind

Are you positive you are an ENTP? Because this is something no ENTP with inferior Si would ever say. 

What you speak of is Pe thing, Not solely Se. The lower the value given an introverted perception function, the more they devalue the past.

High Ne users are the biggest iconoclasts around, if anything, even more than Se.

&gt;Every time I read about history it's literally like I'm putting myself there. I imagine what life was like, I think of how things worked politically, how kings and queens ruled, how the world has progressed from what an event did, all of the people who have lived and where they might be now...I guess I just don't get how that can't be interesting as fuck to anyone who reads about it since it's the history of your entire species. 

You are probably an ESTJ good at Ne mate.

Admirable attitude, btw.&gt;&gt;what does that have to do with what I said

&gt;what does that have to do with what I said

Good mood makes Inf Fe charming. If you see no relevance, ignore then.Ne.

So. You actively let your mind make up chaotic associations with things till it becomes instinct?

And then, from this chaos, you pull out shit that work?

All new respect for humanity, just saying.



&gt;If you see no relevance, ignore then.Or they have become slaves to their urge to Fe. 

What a waste.

Edit: There is also the paranoid hiding of true self option too.I feel this. 

Partial /s&gt;Nasty little indulgents!

Is true.

I mean, look at you! Rushing to post good jokes instead of attaining  the perfect joke that will finally break reality itself! INDULGENCE!username checks out.[It starts with one thing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GL0CqVbhs7Q) &gt; that Ne doms confuse you the most,

Nah. Context is king. Reread.

&gt;which means you're probably too uneducated on the subject to tell someone how they use that function.

Nope.

&gt;What a huge leap

Not If you know what to look for. I even gave the mechanism for it. 

Are you going to tell me stack preferences mean nothing and people can prefer anything? Fun.

&gt;I am an ENTP, lol. I've been following MBTI for two years. I know how it works.

Please, address what I said then instead of reinforcing your authority.

Also, this would not be the general Ne-Ti argument, although you can always argue that you weren't really addressing that because you were pissed off because identity challenge, but that is also not the Ne- Ti thing to do, because challenges are fun and so on.

Meh, Just ignore me. The active bit was my idea on what must happen in childhood that's all.

&gt;My mind runs 20 directions at once, and yes, amidst the chaos there's usually a few nuggets of gold.

Exactly. Another learned instinct of what must be applicable in reality must be learned later, right?

That sounds too intensive of a work on brain, which I find admirable.&gt; are these aforementioned propositions just an excuse for exploration? 

This is sort of what I think. Strong desires in childhood fueling such avenue of development.

although I can't really prove it because the level that idea can be generalized to is too far, that conversation with people might not be useful, atleast, as I am right now.The same mental mechanism as Ne, but directed inwards, and using experience as grounding, letting the range of the function be far more massive than Ne burst users, and not needing to grow another instinct on what is applicable to reality, since experience is via reality anyway.

The consequence being far better memories than most, but Si is not merely it.



I will be happy as long as it doesn't read like word vomit.How would that come about?

If you know me well enough to know what avenues of thought my past selves use and what sort of critieria  of judgement they prefer, you probably know myself as I am now too, and thus, you can predict me anyway.

Is this a "this guy used a specified trap way back then, and for sure will use it again"? because that's a sort of stupid way to read that thing.
What Tk said in below comment thread is accurate.

Making another pass at the attempt at description, Loads of declarative "this is the feeling" language with sparse back ground. 

Tangentially, Neither Ni, nor Fe speaks like this, and rare for Fi and Ne too when trying to convey this sort of scenario to others.It's self + Instinct + experience.

ENTJ's tend to be horrible at parsing the first two into explainable material, especially since they are driven to action.

Other high Ni users have similar problems, but their preferences are stacked better to address this to some degree.um, dude, I don't think you get to do this till you are 20 atleast.Congratulations at the unholy union.

Let reality tremble.Dogs.

Cats seem to have a warped sense of reality.almost all?

/s sort ofThat's conservatives.not vice versa though.I have no idea what any of that meant. 

The only reason I know a few songs are because of my old roommate.Heh, I think I understood half of this one, none of your fault. I am just horrible this music genre thing, and am also not a westerner.

I got what you meant though.Subjective reality, not even once.ENFJ.

To begin with, This is not stuff a Te dom will state when asking to get typed.

Edit : Checked around your profile. It's even more certain.

&gt; SJWs like Anita Sarkeesian (ENTJ), Hillary Clinton (ISTJ), Justin Trudeau (ENFJ), Michael Moore (ENFJ)

You seriously believe them to be authentic?That's not what F means anyway.

Feelings are perfectly logical in action, as it is part of the objective reality we live in too.

Edit: 
&gt; I've NEVER been typed as F before and hate the thought of making decisions based on one's feelings 

I am sold. This is 100% ENFJ. 
Damn, that's some fast downvotes.

&gt;the highest letter dichotomy that correlates with intelligence/IQ/g is N over S, and after that it's I over E

INFJ superiority intensifies. ^(~~And then Fe hammers down the raised nail~~.FML).

Everything and anything is facts. Do you mean objectivity?

All judging functions are literally classifying facts with systems of logic.

T is systems of logic compiled by self, while F is systems of values compiled by self. Both are only as objective and factual as the person who compiled the systems are, although the tendency for T to be more objective than F is because most people can't let their emotions control their judgement of something. The more you deal with emotions, the more it is possible you give in to urges, especially if that behaviour is built on harder by habit and your will power is weak. "Emotional" behavior is not Judgement, but the lack of it. And ENFJ's are the least prone to such indulgences compared to other F function dominants like INFP or ESFJ anyway. 

F is not emotions. It's a judgement function based on values. It's a framework. Just like T is not a bunch of logic operators thrown together willy nilly.

You should follow this up yourself. It's more rewarding that way. 





Passive aggressive posts and behaviour are not the answer.Not direct enough.

That would be addressing the general criticisms provided by the Anti-INFP's, as you deem them. Your topic statement may be direct enough after compensating for not calling out people because general etiquette rules, but the gist of the post is not direct and targeted, but is very generalized.Those last two paragraphs need to be compiled as a part of greater guidelines of typing people and needs to be stickied.You misunderstood the argument.

If they don't believe in the ideology, they don't represent the people in it. Thus, their personal selves are irrelevent in judging the movement. 

So, You seriously believe Hillary clinton *likes* or *agrees* with SJW ideology?

Again, You don't get what I am saying.

&gt;I think anyone who wants to criminalize video games for being miogynistic and violent, impose political correctness, or call Eminem's music misogynistic or promoting violence make it obvious they are a SJW

Were these actions taken because she believed they were the right actions to be taken ideologically? Or was it because she wanted votes from those who believed those are the right actions?

One of these makes it so that their personal type does not count for the argument, obviously.

&gt;I hate Trump, but Hillary is terrible as well.

Not a westerner, don't really care, although would vote trump if gun at my head.huh?“Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habit. Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny.”what was the unclear bit,

and what sort of a moron downvotes a question again?&gt; So that's a justification for hating an entire type?

And you said you were being direct and not passive aggressive.

You asked why judge people on thoughts, I gave a general reasoning as to why people do that.
Yes, and that's still fucking stupid. A question is a fucking question.I repay in kind. So the original comment with out substance is somehow good criticism now?&gt;But it's a generalization

And applicable, and true. Thoughts lead to actions. They are not in isolated closed systems.

&gt;because not everyone of a certain type will act in a way that annoys others. Are they annoying simply because they're themselves?

This is fucking bait. We are one step away from godwin's law.

There are reams of exact behavior or events or mechanisms being pinpointed to as to why one person or the other have their dislike, and till now, that was ignored, danced around, and now you make a statement as if nothing substantial regarding actions has been said, and now you have the gall to pretend people are being judged for no reason?

&gt;Are they annoying simply because they're themselves?

Ugh. ..... 


You address what people criticized. 

It's literally in my post. What do you mean you are not sure? No. 

My generalization was context immune.

Yours is not. Thus, you haven't established anything. **Address a point directly**. no unconfrontational generalised comment is going to work.I have read them. No. Too indirect there too. You are not obligated to me or anything, if that is what you mean. 

conversations are mutual and all that.&gt;You really are fucking arrogant to have come on a subreddit and dared everyone to read your mind when that's the thing you fear most in the world.

I think I like your brand of insanity.

&gt;That class president bullshit is just you leading a bunch of munchkin men. Slave 101 'the little people'. Plus, Japanime is fucking chock-full of "the class president", it's fucking disgusting

Yeah, ENFJ.

I sure hope the only way I can gain eloquence is not emulating you, because that's some fucking pleasant prose. Nutty, but pleasant.Yeah, no. That's non sense. Thought memes compete with each other but every single one of them will have a tangible effect on the state of your mind. 

That what you dismiss as white noise matters.&gt;You're squirming

That's your mind unable to process scaling and time, not my problem.

&gt;you cannot have thoughts competing yet every thought winning out and leading to actions.

Gee, you can't have competition and victory in the same system? 

This avenue is stupid. I won't be civil over being insulted on such an obvious idea.&gt;Aah downvoting in an exchange you're in, the pinnacle of butthurt on an online forum.

Anything is better than sneaking in scummy passive aggressive jibes. Reap what you sow.

&gt; Contradictory thoughts cannot win out at the same time. There is a finite amount of output, or actions, in your lifetime, yet there is an infinite amount of ways to combine all your thoughts throughout your life. It's absolutely fucking impossible for all of your thoughts to influence your actions.

This nonsensical failure in what is to be contextualised and what is to be generalised is answered by 

&gt; you can't have competition and victory in the same system?

You are literally failing at reality by going hurr durr so many variables they collapse together in ways we can never know! and it's impossible to predict anything anyway hurr durr

&gt;There is a finite amount of output, or actions, in your lifetime yet there is an infinite amount of ways to combine all your thoughts throughout your life

This is a fucking failure. You know why? You give equal weight to all combinations, all possibilities, like some one asked you to run a nonsensical pile of permutations in a maths class and you are a robot, while not examining reality, in which you see correlations and mechanisms, and learn to build fucking patterns and build on experience, and general empirical shit, instead of giving up with out trying anything, and declaring who bring in results as wrong, because they aren't perfect.

&gt;It's absolutely fucking impossible for all of your thoughts to influence your actions.

An imaginary progression to the argument only you are holding inside your head, because you discarded the idea of predictability, because some fucking non sensical reason or the other.

You will probably reiterate this exact same nonsense over some other point, even if you let this argument pass , because this is not because of a faulty argument, but a cognitive error, that believes in randomness of reality, which is nonsense because every single human being knows empiricism works, instinctively. 

bah, at least this thread is addressed now and needs nothing new.







&gt;No, the amount of processing power necessary for no elements to ever be outright eliminated without influencing the output is the kind of processing power we don't even remotely possess

Yeah, typical nonsense decrying human ability and responsibility. Told you, anti empirical cognitive error.Continue shirking responsibility. 

Whatever lets you sleep easy.Always the disgusting rush to claim moral high ground. Now, before, forever. 

Fucking projection.ah, the typical memory erasure process and the odd obsession with the fairy tale language. Grow up. People who disagree with you are not the devil incarnate, MR MC.

Guess what
&gt; You're squirming
&gt;Aah downvoting in an exchange you're in, the pinnacle of butthurt on an online forum.

Attempts at moral high ground as insults. 

They somehow don't count now, amirite?


&gt;"You're squirming" is rather specific criticism and has zero moral content.

Yeah, *right*. No.

Even If I believe you, your intentions matter jack to me, you are not my family.

Btw, I am not downvoting since the first one.&gt;You're the one making the positive claim that it's claiming the moral high ground and thus contains moral content, asserting doesn't cut it.

Again with the badly contextualised and generalised application.

This is what cowardice in not even attempting something gets you, utter lack of fucking sense.

Oi, moron, listen. Nearly anything and everything one says in a debate is a positive claim. It's classification as such means jack fucking shit, except to moronic people like you who think big words = ability or actual fucking philosophers who explicitly operate in such environments. 

Most scenario's people start to talk in are not at a fucking blank white slate. Are you going to whine about sun rising being a positive claim too? 

By the fucking context of this being a place where people are supposed to debate and general fucking etiquette, you are implicitly assumed to know the status of what insults mean, child. Can't take it? Fuck right off. Your social ineptitude is not something you can get away from by offloading responsibility to others.

&gt;I told you, the last word is mine. Bend the knee.

What was that vague allusion about Nazi's, again, projecting scum?&gt;You continue squirming like a dying worm underneath the boot.

Yes, yes, we all know your rhetoric is empty and you don't believe in any of the things you proclaim, you dehumanising scum. Everyone knows.

Ah, the self sufficiency delusion, truly the root of the shit show.

It's ironic how the most useless of people are the most prone to it.

Also, no more dehumanising? This sort of insult to self would not stick to your roaring egos anyway. Why stop? Even you are able to see it's not working then.

Oh, you are practice. 

Of course, you will obviously disregard that, Mr MC. It has to be about you, after all.yup, always making things about you. &gt;My comment was all about you.

You are too dumb to understand the essence of tantrums. Of course, you are allergic to understanding anyway.

Also, hero, when was the last time you addressed something I wrote?

totally still a hero amirite!

&gt;Yeah no, you throwing a tantrum needn't have anything what so ever to do with me.

Oh look, you just declared your parents spoiled you. 

The bantz is low quality now, step up, scum. Work it. A punching bag that can't stand up is no fun.


Yup, bad judgement is inherited.And?

Nah, your words are just that worthless. Just like everything about you.

&gt;If you can't even try to insult without dropping yourself you're pretty fucking shit at it?

Authenticity at it's finest, truly.Every time a window is given, the beastly option is chosen, proving by your actions that every word and ideal you express is a lie.

Of course, you literally too stupid to know why this matters.

Don't worry, I got my wins.

yes, we know you are a little girl who watches disney.

Also, *Muh authenticity.*

Oh look, stupid person tries to equate both sides, ignoring which moron attacked first with no reason.

No wonder dehumanizing comes easy to you and you think like Nazi's, scum. I was serious about the practice bit. 

BTW, I didn't notice you were someone else. Sorry about that. Will delete that comment if you want me to.

Unless you were directing that comment that to me?Yes, you. like all the projecting you have been doing since the beginning.

you are a fool who doesn't understand what matters and thinks emotional gratification is victory.

Of course, that is also what makes you a good practice, since you keep coming back, oblivious.

The original one? just things that float across the webs with no proper sourcing.Sort of, I guess, aye.

&gt;Or I'm just going for the last word and making the best out of it.

Yes, dude, that's literally what I said.

You don't understand what matters.

Eh, have it now, anyway.&gt;  Why are there so many 'fuck'?"

It channels most of the passion in, good or bad.

I saw my use of the variant of mine own language rise after long term bouts of informal English speaking.ENFPs by far,

And then ENTP's, xNTJ's and ISTJ's.

INTP's and ENFJ's, It feels like overexposure after a while. Dealing with Fe-Ti axis judgement being imbalanced is taxing. (And vice versa. Getting to reconnect after a while feels way better somehow.)

ENFPs by far, especially when they are their best. 

And then ENTP's, xNTJ's and ISTJ's.

INTP's and ENFJ's, It feels like overexposure after a while. Dealing with Fe-Ti axis judgement being imbalanced is taxing. (And vice versa. Getting to reconnect after a while feels way better somehow.)Oh, look, another passive aggressive post.Roughly, one pretends it's a robot, while the other one pretends it's a Protagonist.I don't think you are particularly unhealthy. 

Did the qualifier not convey? Or just /s?yup. 

Do unto others and as such, mate. 

Also, right back at ya.

They made a [manga](https://myanimelist.net/manga/103898/Robot_x_Laserbeam) out of your [escapades](http://readms.net/r/robotxlaserbeam/001/4106/1).Why, because it is true?

And why should I know of your feelings?Nah, You are just based.[Nah](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6i1l0a/please_type_me/dj306yj/)

Your perception is just shit.SF's and NF's rebelling against older SF's and NF's.&gt;Have a schedule full of honors classes because it took up all of my time. I ended up transferring out in two weeks

&gt;People who are rude to me (doesn’t really matter if they’re rude to others)

&gt;I'm not sure which I should choose

ESFP.

If I have the wrong impression of you,

&gt;or China because I have family there

This barrier will be the reason.

But I am probably not. Did you ever live over there?

Yeah, Te then.

&gt;Have a schedule full of honors classes because it took up all of my time. I ended up transferring out in two weeks


Don't worry about this. Te growth will come more and more as time passes.

This is what would be improbable if you were ESTJ. Unless that was a time of ridiculous amounts of stress?
Maybe.

Door slamming is still mostly shit though. One should have avoided being in that scenario in the first place.True enough. Got lazy. lolYou lot are no slouches either.

Why we are included here is beyond me though.[Punctuation is magic](http://typemoon.wikia.com/wiki/Reality_Marble)&gt;INxJs can only point the negative decisions made in the past of themselves or of everyone while holding a "Both good and bad" vision of the future. Examples can continue) so you're fucked if you play with your role function too much

This is true. Atleast, as of now, to me. 

&gt;The only positive thing it gives us is using it as escape for the inferior so we don't get into inferior grips.

Also true.

Still gonna try though.
The first one.

Stress. Freshly out of it. Didn't have a chance to sit and think proper for a decade till a year or so ago. Errors pile up.Tetris should be spelled as Tragedy.One could say N is perception of judgement mechanisms binding objects rather than objects in contrast to S.He is not dishonest.

Rest follows.There is only trial by fire, sink or swim.

If anything, xi ones are harder because people can get very far without actually getting challenged in those realms, especially if the personality makes it easy for them to avoid such scenarios.
Eh, it's more like he made a choice to see the world that way.

Delusion as a disease is not a choice, is it? And clearly, he is able to function in life.Downvotes galore.

Sometimes they make no sense.Suppose he is mentally ill.

What purpose does this post serve then?

Self affirmatory bull shit. 

Day by day I lose respect for the general audience of this sub.

&gt;Most people hate "strange/sick" people

Hate is rather active, unlike passive emotions like revulsion or disgust, which is quite fucking evil, if it is directed at those the person he genuinely thinks is ill. 

This whole avenue of thought, I can't fathom.Same as you mate. Same as you.&gt; self-typed one

Is that your doubt of me I hear?

He typed me as timelord.Is that Te- Ni then?The ones I saw are all filled with assumptions that the one reading is familiar with doctor who, which I am not beyond google and wiki.

I was asking after the correlations anyway.Did that mean anything?A is Angel. 

&gt;Put together, you seriously believe that if you give people theoretical knowledge or if you gain theoretical knowledge, then other people around you will change their ways.

Do you?No idea whatsoever.heh.

I don't think so, No.&gt; You appear quite mad, and on a superficial level you are because you use things made by madmen.

Makes sense.Nah, you understood it right.

It sounds insane, but it really does not seem to be the case.Fi Ne

INFP.Most ST stereotypes are nonsense.You can't write something like [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/INTP/comments/6hoict/i_dont_get_along_with_other_intps_and_i_dont/dj81hbc/?utm_content=permalink&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=INTP) and be unable to function in society.

He was a dick to you because he wanted to be one.So dishonest pretense is the only way one can have an opinion different from you.

That's a rather high opinion of yourself.What is wrong with you?you high bro?Sure, I prefer alcohol too.:DDo it.

It will be the easiest way to measure the worth of the person doing it.Si- Te.You are your job though.Must have been all those mirrors and conspiracies.

You looked too deep!

Gandhi sucks.Sadly, no.Read his autobiography. He does well in ruining his own case in all things.

He is pretty Much a meme.

The only thing to speak of is, he is actually not full of shit, and really believed what he said.Nah. Those are people who are obvious to figure out.

mental illnesses, probably, if they have to be obvious.lelwa.

Pretty Cool, I guess, but why? Just felt like it?It seems we might disagree on why exactly he was shit though, lol.Worlds full of ENTJ villains, and you choose one who is not one.

.....&gt;Though I'm not sure that's what you meant, haha.

Exactly, heh. I was not making a statement on your views, merely noting that others who agree with this point tend to agree in differing ways.

I could write large para's on my opinion on each of Gandhi's views, but it can be sort of summarized simply, that, He had the whiff of a religious cult leader who is a true believer about him in all his ideas and actions.lol&gt; I feel literal, physical unease when I or someone else is rude

&gt;My feelings are really weak. I admit I have some trouble expressing them.

&gt;This feeling is more like being aware of the gist of a situation, it's just that it's not as strong when I think about stuff that doesn't matter to me much.

Fi- Ne.

Hell, your entire post is you making a case for a Fi-Ne interpretation of the world and how you created a world view via that.

Fe is not harmony btw. Nearly all high school bullies are Fe users.

Fi is directed inwards, Fe is directed outwards.

The revulsion you describe, Fe variant of that would have a some externalized judgement, instead of internalized.

Not much internal processing in regarding the feeling itself in that exact moment, if the stack preference is Fe over Fi.

Later events are irrelevant. everyone can analyse their feelings of prior events in retrospect. Fi dominance just prefers to do it first. All use all functions, it's a matter of preference in order and rate of use.

&gt;???

Fe is not harmony. It's a value judgement function you externalize.

LolUniversalism, Self direction, Security, Achievement, Power, Stimulation, Benevolence, Tradition, Hedonism.Ne.Who knows, but stupid questions are a part of nearly all cultures.The absolute worst comic book movie of the recent times, solely for the reason that it's not really a *spider man* movie.

Peter- ISFP

Vulture - ESTJ

I was merely prepared for story line butchery, content with the mindless action and quips, but now that character butchery just for the sake of it is on the table, I am not sure if i will watch these things again. 
So I am chaotic good.

Nice. Never did manage to resolve NG and CG for myself.

Fun.&gt; become "social chameleons" changing up their behavior based on who they're talking to. And that comes naturally.

Yeah, no.

It comes off as robotic.ENFJ.

No real competition to their throne.

This is not a matter of analysis or ability to explain.In that one, spiderman seemed like spiderman, and so on for majority of characters. 
 
Imagine electro like characterisation from that movie for main characters in this one.

&gt;I haven't seen it yet 

I am not sure if I should ask you to watch it, or hate the movie enough to say don't.

P.S: new aunt may is not the problem.Glover was nice, but short.

Garfield was not perfect obviously. His version atleast does his own work though, unlike this version.

This current actor might actually be better than all previous ones with a good script.

Which this movie does not have.When someone throws a rock at your face, you don't write the underlying parabolic equations and then escape it.

You move.Accurate Instinct trumps Active Analysis when the scale is large enough.

Using exceptional individuals as the baseline is wrong.




Too bad they are not robots.Your smack talk sucks.

Go read the original question and the answer again, moron.

And never fucking talk to me again.

Fucking trolls.Too stupid to read?

Don't understand written language?

Just that fucking bored?

unoriginal useless cretin. 
Anything but actually reading something?

You fucking idiot.Yes, I know your conceit is that you are too fucking smart too read something to respond to it, you arrogant scum.

You better be at least partially autistic to be this fucking coddled you asshat.

Fucking autist. 

It's the same point because you keep fucking making the same mistake you infant.Disgusting autism fueled self projections.

&gt;It

Yes, yes, I know you consider those who disagree with you as subhuman, you infantile scum. It was in sub text since your first insulting comment.That is what you pretend, sure. You also happened to not actually fucking read everything and miss context. I also happen to owe you nothing to tolerate your bullshit.


Projecting scum, you can't alter the tone at your whim, and getting surprised when that is an insult to others.

Ungrown autist.Because the existing statements are good enough if you use your Brain you idiot. It has been since the beginning.

&gt;INFP

Says the INTP who finds the need to pretend to be entp.

&gt;https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6mcivc/which_type_is_best_at/dk1bavu/

This comment by me was civil.

&gt;https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6mcivc/which_type_is_best_at/dk1d6yh/

This one by you, as a response, was not.

Choke on a dick.The chans.


I agree.&gt; Takes practice, totally worth it.

That's you all people say....

and then there are things [burning down](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNS54ufXyoQ) in the back ground.That's ENFP specific, no?
Aye, Aye, my bad.

No Ti-Fe advice for Ne?I mean, the stack. There is nothing stopping NTP's  from Te, but no Ti-Fe usage specific ideas?Fuck off.

&gt;but honestly I'm starting to feel a little bad for you

No need for pretense, scum.Dunno. 

Preferable to Te and Si there to me.There was this parable about how other's burden is always harder to bear for you, since you are used to your own troubles.

It may not be accurate for all things, but might be applicable here.He is failing at making a qualitative difference between Inferior and not in main stack completely, assuming lower in number = More discomfort.

Inferior is something your mind naturally devalues, because it is so fixated on it's polar opposite. It's the thing you rely on, yet suck at, unlike the latter ones, which you don't really rely on. It's not a question of rate of usage, but the quality and experience of it.


I don't subscribe to socionics because it's conclusions are too deterministic, thus letting even casual observations disprove it. It's accuracy is suspect and tends to need corroboration.

Essentially, the sole authority of socionics in claiming something is not relevant to me.

Also, you missed the point again.

Even if socionics got this one right regardless of their spammed faulty assumptions, here,

Weakness =/= ease and quality of the experience of the use.Dictionary works.

Why do you assume that one negative modifier means all negative modifiers must be associated ?No. You did not deduce, you induced. Note the difference.

And your induction is not supported by observation.  

In Inductive reasoning, Even if all of the premises are true in a statement, Inductive reasoning allows for the conclusion to be false.&gt; I refuse it

Glad to know of it.

A honest ending to a conversation is always nice.

Narcissists don't ask if they are one.

Or have they gone meta at this point? Doubtful.Species difference is reasonably considered instinctual.

I am sure your perception of your self being alien comes from your own ideas on world, and not your own inability to see any connection with others.

It's ... sort of normal.I guessed they would be too focused to have the thought of going meta 

Please elaborate?&gt; Typically people think of the grandiose/malignant type, who are often not aware that they're narcissists - or they are aware, but don't see it as an inherent problem. 


Sure, sure, It's merely self focus, in a good or bad mechanism, that has taken over the mind and grown in scale making the whole edifice bad, that can consist of smaller behavior patterns that are conventionally thought to be good or bad.

&gt;There's also a breed of quieter, covert narcissists who are usually more aware and keep themselves under wraps out of a need for self-preservation.

This is the one I have a problem with.

Does not the narcissistic behavior pattern itself consider itself as in the right by nature?

Self preservation is built in, which one could say is the prime reason it's hard to remove. 

And thus, I find it hard to think of a Narcissistic pattern of behavior being self aware and then building other layers of self preservation oriented behavior, that were not already baked in.

That is, to add more practices for self preservation after one's narcissism is normalized is something that has broken the conditions for narcissism to exist in the first place, right?

&gt;It's easier to make a narcissist aware than to get them to change.

yeah, my understanding of narcissism runs contrary to what you propose here, so, please explain this more. I have only seen pretense of self awareness, not real considerations, so I  want to know If I am missing something.

Considering you managed to mistype yourself, you should reconsider your entire system.That's inferior Fe.&gt;ISFP Loop (ISFP): haunted by paranoid delusions (Fi-Ni), accompanied by some indulgence (Se).

Perfectly describes your lunatic messages to me. Eh, obviously. That is what makes it a more obvious case of inferior Fe.

Nah, perturbed due to curiosity. That's what non sociopathic people react like, regardless of internet customs pushing contrary ideas.

Why is a ti Dom stuck In a inferior Fe grip so hard, he doesn't understand the relevance of time, instinct and analysis, and how they go together to create ease? 

intp clashes I am used to are mostly pedantry based nonsense. 


Same thing as before? So, tell me, what exactly was my argument again? You really don't see anything? I will just have to accept that reading is not something that is as obvious as I consider it is to be. A sort of disappointment sure, but I can live with it.

Also, ad hominems are funny. Thanks for the proof of Fe grip mate.

I got all I wanted.&gt; So if I had higher Fe I would certainly consider you a friend?

You misread the grip part like my other comments again? Typical, but now that I know what to expect from you, unsurprising. Fe Grip, implies you are currently stuck in using Fe, while sucking at using it. Typical immature inferior function in a bad moment behavior.

in short, You are being a slave to Fe urges, and ignore the words in front of you. This is also the reason you are projecting so hard.

This is a typical behavior of people running Immature Fe, in general Fe doms like Immature ExFJs. 

It was not immediately obvious yesterday, my bad. 

In the case of Fe doms, it normally tends to go, "I refuse to believe this is a thing" ( I refuse to test this idea with my Ti framework, because it's values on display offend my Fe)

You, similarly, do this. "Your argument has no coherence because it consists of nonsense words that challenged me" ( I refuse to integrate or consider this idea, because it is challenging me or written in a manner that is not pleasing to you, thus, Fe triggered.)

It is obvious because you are misusing Fe to the point of sporadically making people break down even though you consider them friends. Either it doesn't occur to you that making them cry is not something great or necessarily useful, or it doesn't even feature as a concern to you, which is typical inept Fe use behavior.

I hope you don't respond with a tirade on how making people breakdown and cry is a necessary bit of teaching them, because that would stupidly universalizing a situational tool.

&gt;One more point for dom Fi

heh.Sure, but why do you hate reading?

Why engage me in the first place if that was the case?


This 

&gt;This is not a matter of analysis or ability to explain.

and this

&gt;being able to observe how the other types act, talk, think, and their body-language, and be able to mimick them? 

Together, voids your inane question of 

&gt;Everything is a matter of analysis

And the words and the subtext used are not hard either, Especially after I immediately explained the subtext of what I mean, which offended you for reasons nonsensical.

It's like you still don't get how *Ni - Fe - Se* is the answer to the question posed in that thread. 

Thus, It's very surprising to see why your mind does not work, because the idea of someone failing at reading something is very alien to me.

&gt; I'm wasting your time 

Nah, Don't pretend to worry about me, I am good here.

Even if you were trolling me, writing practice is writing practice.

And this is me letting you get away with how you are addressing nothing of what I said, Mr *ENTP*

Someone inept and having stereotypical and shallow notions on functions would be calling the other person a Fi user at this point, lol.

Thanks for giving me a better understanding Fe grips though.
&gt;Thought process is more like a word web, with the main idea at the center, and different facets of the idea branching outward. (This is different from the web for Ne, or extraverted intuition, which would contain the main idea at the center, and tangentially related ideas branching outward.)

Hey! You get Ni! Nice.

Then why did you make the post on alienation yesterday?

Confirmation aid?

&gt;Artistic doesn't only mean draw on a piece of paper

Ding Ding Ding Ding

You fulfilled the original query of this thread.

Nice :DOh, no, utterly sincere.

I found it completely to the point, and liked it.Will this cure the boredom?I read it as concept web, so it works out for me anyway.

&gt;and suspect I always will be

Is true.  There will be no concrete confirmations, or "signs" as some kinds of people would put it.

&gt;I've decided its better to focus outward for a time

Cool.The question was pointless, wasn't it?Do all cultures in a spenglerian winter are marked with higher than usual proportion of SFP's?

I wish there are stats for India some 100 yrs ago, or China 150 yrs ago.

Eh, Go to r/entj, it's full of ESxx.

What is obvious - Most people are idiots.

What follows? Most people can't type themselves.
No.&gt; realized that a lot of people think Fe is about "keeping everyone happy.

&gt;It can be but it can also be down right ruthless.


Obligatory pointer that every one seems to forget or not realise, Most High school bully circles are Fe.You totally can.

It's fucking evil though.

Standard methods to dissuade people from evil apply.

Talk, Bargain, Manipulate, Beat, in this order of escalation as previous methods fail.

Applicable to both parties, of course.




Not necessarily.

Se- Te Job.

&gt; While Fi is aware of the ratio of the energy of states, either comparing them with the ones of other people or comparing them to past states or future possible states, Fe would just point out the present emotional state of the being objectively.

No.

You state Fi-Pi and Fe- Pe.

Fe- Pi measures expenditure too. Ask the ExFJs. Mainstream Psychology is not consistently scientifically valuable anyway.

Just a pot calling a kettle black. sup.Hide your power levels mate.

culture and society play a bigger role than personality in regards to propagation of a generation.

Having the choice is not really a common thing across human history.

As for only counting the time and places where people have the ability for such choices, that time is too short for any sort of selection pressure.well enuff.

Is it still summer for where you are?celebs and accurate self image is not a common mix.have you read cursed child yet?

or her other books?

what you noticed is something I attribute to long term depression and luck that ran out. 

The middle three books are the places I noticed the maximum amount of the sort of thought you refer to. 

&gt;Do you mean thought that would suggest INFJ? Or INFP?

The thought that says she uses significant Ni.

Early books have been subject to rejections and probably heavy edits distancing even further from her original ideas.

Which themselves were from the time she hit a low point in life.

Cursed child sealed the deal for me. before I was unsure of her and was open to possibilities.

&gt;I've been warned by several people that the next one sucks for the first 2/3 of the book, and is freaking long

Order of the Pheonix is a good book to me. I would even rate it above the later books. But maybe I am not to be trusted, since I like long books in general.

POA, GOF and OOP are the ones with maximum internal coherency, and to me, best of the series.The ones I know are ESFP.Gandhi. It's worse. He is an active bad influence.His personal philosophy is fueled by a sense of absolutism towards the idea of violence, namely, "always bad".

When seen like that, there ceases to be a difference between him and extremists of other ideologies, beyond the palatability of Gandhi's chosen idea.

And reading material written by him, it is made clear that he really took such an extreme position after much thought, and it's not simply people and time misrepresenting his views.


P.S : Of Course, I assume that it is obvious that violence is sometimes good. 
...really?

Serious question, did anyone close to you ever die?Mate, Japan wot?Firstly, why do you assume Collective psyches work by the same rules as individuals? You can easily disprove this by the observation that societies tend to value Je functions as a whole more that Ji Functions, even though individuals prefer one Je and one Ji function over the other.

And next, Ne, not Ni. Japan happens to be a case of double subversion. They value Ne, they collectively suppress it for the sake of stability and it comes out in artistic expression.

Consider the Unique points of Japanese development. There is no other nation that is so open importing other things when they feel they are the point of total failure or perceive a lack of anything vital. For ex, 1860-1890s, 1950s to 1980s and the original Confucian imports from China. 

No Pi valuing people do that. Don't look at nations in isolation. The context of one or two centuries is necessary.

&gt;Beta , Alpha

Terminologies I am not interested in. Sorry, No comment.

&gt;I don't want to argue, that's my opinion

Ok. Ah, So you assign one type per one or two decades ?

I see how one can argue 90s- current Japan is sort of INFJ, But I kinda don't see the use in labeling national characters as different entities so soon.

Also, That would make Japanic era Japan ESTJ.

I see where you are coming from though. It's just that what I would call a phase, you give it it's own character. Like saying 80's USA. Makes sense.

P.S: Yes, the Fe is unmistakable.I, not E, on average?Justice League, Samurai Jack.I, not E, on average?Justice League, Samurai Jack.Soft sciences are not really sciences. What's so new about that?
You might like reading Oswald Spengler.You asked this question, You are probably not ENTP.

It helps that what you say is what all the ENFP's I know say all the fucking time.This happens to be false via observationhaven't been around.&gt; I just put a lot of effort into developing my Fi cause i'm emotionally retarded

More stuff ENFP's say.^ofc, ^I ^am ^assuming ^you ^are ^accurate ^about ^the ^Ne.

Eh, have it your way.What makes you say that?Sort of, yes, O Forsaken.ENFP ENFP ENFP.Probably not in a useful way right now.

My bad.

Seriously though, there is some truth to the "*specialization is for the insects*" copypasta.1. Warcraft III
2. Diablo II
3. Shogun 2

Casual.

ENFP.&gt; and SFJs are the two types the value controversial opinions the most because first off they value Ne and Ti and second off they have weak Ne and Ti so they know how life is living without it.

What are you doing dude. Just what.Clearly.

No, Only Fi.How far are you in the series now?Law =&gt; Judgement.

&gt; ENTJ-INFP. Large initial attraction

&gt;ENTJ-ISFP. Most psychologically fulfilling type

And this is why I hate socionics.

If you typed your family, why don't you type yourself?Self knowledge tends to be more accurate than new povs. You don't really need to worry.Something with low Se.  And some Ti.

INFJ.


The less likely guess would be ISTP.Sure, sure. I remember searching about for why I disagree with socionics a while ago, and this seemed to encapsulate my reasons well.

No intent to cause offense.I shall do so, but how do you two see Si here?seconding everything /u/ihqsclerosis said about the books.&gt;I know my type, I am wondering if I could read some unbiased views from you guys!

Wait, was this always there in the post? God, I feel stupid.

While the post was a bit Tl;dr, I should atleast read the first para in full. Sorry mate.I thought he was Romanian. 

Or is it a pun? Just ignore me then.1. Reflection is internal perception. Probably Si here, but Ni works too.

2. Rejection of external judgement environment via internal judgement. Ti or Fi.

&gt;when asked angrily or not

Depends on the type of anger too. Can't generalize Anger is Fi.&gt;And why is anger Fi

I said anger is not Fi.

&gt;Is it safe to assume that emotions are really the domain of Fx?

Emotions are generated from values. Values are the domain of Fx.

Social Skills and Self validation. Learn them. You are not the only one who doesn't have it easy.

Also, what /u/MrMoodle said.I am pretty sure they aren't, since that particular geographical location has seen many mass migrations over the centuries. Under roman empire, It was the province of Dacia. From what I remember, the name was a quirk of history.

Heritage is obviously a different matter of course.

I only made a short comment because I thought context was obvious.

To be considered the same people, you need continuity of at least a few of polity, religion, culture, blood, geography, Language.  The less of these there are, the more the dispute. These components are what people's identities are  forged from in the human collective. 

Preferences and migrations are Not the issue.

My point was, events after migrations made that there is no continuity between Rome and Romania in any such factors.

And I repeat again, heritage and legacy are completely different matters.

My bad then, sorry.u wot m8For the punctuation. 

You are not the first one to have that issue from me.&gt;That hurts. I'm just trying to have an intelligent conversation...

Uh, What? What did I do?

&gt;Then why do they have basically the same name?

Not sure where do I even start with this. 

Are the Romanis Roman then?

I gave some parameters, yes? Do tell me how much of a match there is between Romanians, Other Europeans, and Classical Romans in those.

Or are my parameters in question here? Do you have different ideas on how identity is forged?^(I don't consider self identification valid on the level of a collective, btw.)

Many Societies clashed over trying to claim true succession from Rome both via debate and war. No one succeeded because no one really has a legitimate claim that is superior to the rest.

&gt; It's likely that the Romans tried to make a new life for themselves after the fall of the Roman Empire. They probably wanted to retain the traditions of their people

Yes, this is partially the origin of most modern Europeans, rest being Migrations.

&gt;We see this all the time with cities on the east coast of the US having the same names of places in the UK

They also named places after non UK cities. The ideal behind this agenda was the new world as the promised land, a start over for people, a reflection of the heritage of humanity.




Projecting something to be fantastical, while the real experience is mundane.

It's what other people do to Ni, and he is doing that to Si.&gt;Something with low Se. And some Ti.
INFJ.
The less likely guess would be ISTP.

&gt; my (I thought) actual type is ISTP

Huh. If true, Number 15 matters more than I think and Number 12 less than I think then.

ISTP and INFJ have the same functions, Flipped in order. 

You don't really do Te though. Even if you mistyped, INTJ is very very unlikely.
The way the points are given and explained confirm a Se and Ti function for sure to me. Not what he is saying, but what sections of ideas he is choosing to talk about.

Next would be ordering, and I seem to have failed in that.

For example, Take number 15. Most people hate being controlled. But the way he put it, 

&gt;A long-term dislike would be superiority over me

That framework of thought is Fe oriented.

Or Number 10

&gt;The other side of the pendulum is that I dislike making the choice fall onto me

This is a very very Un Te frame of mind.

Number 8
&gt;To others, my external world can appear messy, but it works for me if I know where everything is

Similarly, Se oriented thought here.

From there I merely ordered the functions, And Took 17 as an indication of lower Se.&gt;Sorry, I like you too much to keep fucking around

 ಠ_ಠ

&gt;Do you know if this was for strategic/political reasons or more sentimental/emotional reasons?

Probably both?

&gt; was I actually onto something with my fucking around?

Yup. Sort of.

&gt;Was Romania really trying to lay claim to Roman legacy?

Nah. As I said in the earlier comment, a quirk of language and history.

&gt; I know that a lot of migration went from Italy through Romania and up to Russia and down the Turkey/Iran, but those were more Slavs and Germans who established Romania, right?

Dunno. 

&gt; Seems like such an out-dated concept, and it's so surprising to me how it still possesses so much value in many contexts today. 

Charity comes from prosperity after all, Even in thought.

&gt;What do you think about the creation of identity?

To some extent, an individual can chose. A group can do so too, but to a smaller extent. More, and the world pushes back. After all, your identity is something you are asking people to recognize via your self declaration. You are sort of imposing on them, asking them to change their framework of the world.

The components of it is merely events and ideas people think matter in defining themselves.



&gt; It's what other people do to Ni,

**Other.** &gt; It's what other people do to Ni, and he is doing that to Si.

**He**Why would I know?8 doesn't really matter by itself beyond it being a discipline check. I couldn't decide via that.

And apparently OP is ISTP, so you are right there.**Almost**It makes all the difference there is.

*your statement was*  ***almost*** *right.*

See?You really are far more patient than me, eh?

Is there a trick to it for you?that's /s, right?
.... this is also /s, right?
truly socionics master race.Seriously though, this has got to be a fucking joke, right?So how exactly are new theories made again? God given revelations to chosen prophets?Consider ESFP.

Merely a suggestion.Well, at least we finally have conclusive proof that you are a Ti Dom, so this was not a complete dumpster fire of a conversation.lol no.

Pairing with your inferior has always been a retarded idea.&gt;  As friends- cool! As romantic partner- no thank you!

Well put.lel, good joke.

&gt;Basic assumption based on reality (Axioms) and logical deduction out of there

This.[well...](https://imgflip.com/i/203ztp)&gt;you're criticising Socionics for being too reliant on theory without the practical applicability

No, I am criticizing it for placing theory at a higher importance than empiricism. Applicability is very low in my priorities. If anything, socionics is good for applicability, since except in very specific areas where it fails horrendously, it works very well where it works. 

As for the pairing with duals thing, 

Romantic partnership =/= Partnership for efficiency or for the purpose of attaining some goal.

Your own anecdote in the first paragraph supports this. 

&gt;After all, it's not like type can predict behaviour reliably

If you think this is the case, that there is zero predictive power, why are you bothering with it?I am criticizing the theory, not the result.

Regarding results, sometimes this works, sometimes it doesn't.
Of course.&gt;but maybe I've just gone into Te-mode and think that my ideal relationship is one in which we maximise efficiency together lol.

Heh. I admit the thought crossed my mind while writing a response to you. Desisted because the conversation might have been possibly unproductive in that avenue.

&gt;but I don't think it's absolutely definitive.

Of course. It's merely a single cross section of things that define people.

&gt;but I often just enjoy looking into these kinds of systems just for theory's sake with no true practical application.

I assume you mean no *Immediate* practical application? I mean, it's not like you would go around randomly reading about, say, astrology or crystal healing, after all. Or would you?Probably Gilgamesh.

The older, the better.Did he exist? We can't really know with religion.

Also, it's furthest past in time from now, not age of the person.&gt;The Bible is an important historical document. I think it's very plausible to accept that he existed and lived as long as they say he did

Of course. Would be heretical to think otherwise.

&gt;Oh, sorry, I was confused.

Nah, It helped. Any of the silk road production zones in the orient.lelPsychology / Objective Proof

Pick only one till you actually have a theory of mind based on brain chemistry. PRAISE THE SUN!....why would there be elections before the term is complete?...In America?While I am not, isn't it 4 years, not 2?&gt; Trump 2018!

They are the elections for representatives, right? I was wondering why trump would be relevant for that.

Is his campaigning expected to be of the biggest significance or something?

heh.

I conflated it with the presidential because I didn't get why it would labeled trump if trump is not running.Did you mean to say 
&gt;"If you lack social skills, that does not make you an introvert by default"?Apparently it was a worse butchery than homecoming of all things.The angels living in base flesh prefer being martyrs than accept the bindings of mortal coil.Obviously outside. Would be too Damn boring otherwise.Somehow, I'd doubt that possibility considering the state of current day movies.

Eh, will see for my self sometime or the other, I guess.The true question is huniepop mbti.The true question is ~~huniepop~~ bible black mbti."who in their right mind would prefer to make decisions with emotions that override rationality?"

People. All of them. No exceptions.&gt;At the risk of annoying some of the NFs in the audience, I think it's fair to say that the more flaky any particular New Age practitioner seems, the more likely it is that they're an NF rather than an NT.

What's there to be annoyed about, you are perfectly accurate.Do not mistake the collective for the objective. lelThat some idea exists because of collective agreement between people does not make it objectively true or  based on some such truth.
I was not talking about you. I was talking about Fe. Like you.Did you forget how your post began? Meh, asking this disqualifies you for that anyway, don't worry."Have people tried to change their personality?"

I presume yes.Ni is not magic future prediction, it's merely pattern filling.

Time is not special as a parameter.

&gt;Introverted functions have universal main assumptions from the collective unconscious like Fi 

No. It's Introverted Perception only. Introverted judgment judges them and modifies them to their needs.The word play is merely semantic and rather pointless to quibble upon.You are still INTP to me.Ok, tell me what I wrote and what your problem with it is.Later.

Also, in short ( and therefore not completely accurate ) pedantry.It's one of those rare things socionics predicts that can actually be observed and proven to be right in some semblance.Only one of them elevates it to retardery&gt;Introverted judgment originates from the collective unconscious

This is not accurate. Why do you believe this?No.  You didn't.  You declared that information flow from collective unconscious is immutable and expounded from there.

Eh, if you think so regardless, I will write something point by point in a while.That rely on the assumption.

Just wait for me go step by step then.Your claim necessarily means that new axioms for introverted judgement are impossible to set or modify through conscious action or any other non collective conscious means.

&gt;A TJ/FP would only accept it because it's a conclusion by 'experts'.

I keked. Please tell me this is from socionics.

I am being brief because you did my work in that other thread there.

&gt;omfg.... new axioms can be set, but based on other axioms.

Don't be a retard and fixate on the obvious.

Do new axioms come from non collective unconscious sources or not. That is the sole question. And that is painfully obvious that it is false.

Unless you have managed to prove that nature is everything and nothing changes in people.Please, think of the implications of what you said just now.

I don't see what is the unclear thing here.welp, fuck this. I am out.Preserving the judgement capability of the person you are communicating with.It is, but in the reverse way from you are proposing.

You are taking ideas and methods generated in one environment and applying them to other.

It's a bit like claiming all brightly colored things are poisonous, regardless of whether you are in a jungle or a Carnival.

The true universal principles are not the ones being applied.1 1/2 out of six? 

Seems to be an improvement.Wrong. 1, 11 and 16 are some of the more catastrophic ones.

What exactly was your general logic?

or is it going with your gut?You didn't commit with Napoleon.

Therefore one and a half.human nature creates both.Culture is dependent upon large scale human interactions and their habitation area. Types are small scale interpersonal interactions.

It's more like different tiers of Human nature rather than something thing circular.It's demonstrably not.&gt; I fell back to big 5.

So much for having a desire for Theoretical proof.&gt;I want practical not theoretical proof lol.

Ah. Then you are better off doing your own work rather than ask people. And that does not mean read books by "existing authorities".

&gt;as I'm sure you're aware.

I am not. But I don't recognize the theoretical validity of anyone in that industry anyway. They are merely temporarily useful like how plague doctors were useful in medieval ages.


Aye.And why exactly are you telling me this?Hopefully vice versa too, For you just failed because you are arguing against some version of my argument you made for yourself.  

Do go read the old comments again. I sure as hell won't be typing them again.

Or not. There's always that option.&gt;Psychology in general (not neuroscience, specifically psychology) could be considered a pseudoscience in itself because of how subjective it is.

I didn't realize there were kindred souls here.

Ok, why?Hmm.

&gt; It kind of supposes there's something special about humans

Aren't you kinda doing that yourself too?

Also, While you made the case for your second point sufficiently enough, Why exactly does OP's ideology require that humans be special?Not one, but two? are there even more? 

Suddenly this sub's value shots up. Maybe sticking around a bit longer is even more worthwhile than I assumed.Maybe or maybe not, now that you are pointing it out.

I assumed OP wasn't thinking that, but the possibility seems open in retrospect.&gt; but with some quotes and actions that prove it

Go read his book.&gt;Work is slow right now

Dat attempt at ENTJ cred, kek.&gt;it works with the dichotomy, which places say ENTP and ENTJs in the same area usually

Eh, no.

&gt;it reflects the research of the official MBTI folks

kek.Sure bro. Play dumb all you want.Jinkies*In common parlance, Stack means, a pile of objects, typically one that is neatly arranged.
"a stack of boxes"*

*Similarly, what does a stack mean in this field of thought?*

The man's question is perfectly legitimate. If you didn't know, or can't give a fucking definition, or can't fucking comprehend what he asked, Withhold talking out of your ass. If you find it so fucking obvious, define it using words.

Or maybe a discourse was being desired, considering OP was promoting a new system, to examine the pieces that comprise of the system.

You are a retard.

&gt;wasting the OPs time 

&gt;Reddit

You are a fucking retard.You are better off being sorry that you don't do reading comprehension. At least that is some thing useful on which you are missing out.


So the obvious conclusion becomes I don't want to change your mind, merely point out that you are a retard.

Thanks for doing my work mate. Much appreciated.

Yes, thanks again.

Just like people who claim XNXX.Good. You are not one. Bask in happiness.Aurelius Senpai, Is that you?You are an ENFP. It's that tert Te that is confusing you.I could kiss you. ENFP.It is a regular occurrence. Every type has a typical set of mistypes. This is the one for ENFPs

The F tag drives away people who have a modicum of development of their Te, negating some of the description of typically NF stereotypes, lending them to identify themselves with Te Doms, or atleast relate to Ne domness of ENTP descriptions.

You are free to disregard this though.



u/lastrevio 

Iol Dimmidi Migdol Tingis.The well adjusted types.Why people believe they accurately know the typings of politicians, whose literal job description is image management, is beyond me.Which are?

Mate. Everything will be curated. &gt; You're very clearly an NTJ

Why?It seems I am overrating the power of Globalization.

Thanks.DOWN WITH EA....

why are you asking me?More accurate if you say everybody is shit.Perfect.




&gt;Here's why duality works:

Lel, I need to sleep for this.eh, what's so new, mate. Where is the proof for the assertions you make to prove and sustain your argument?

It's the whole socionics circlejerk all over again.

So, will get to it, but no rush.

at this point, You really cannot miss the fact that I don't care for supposed authority in this field.&gt;Si = tradition or some other shit.

Si **is** tradition.

Current tradition merely happens to be classically untraditional, which is why general attitude towards typing people as Si is retarded.

Also, what /u/multaritari said.ENFP probably.

also, Sup mate.So you are saying relationships are things in which one person pulls up the other and not vice versa.

&gt;Unlike supervision, both parties criticize and both parties are criticized thus the asymetrical effect of someone feeling superior and someone feeling inferior cancels out, the result being straight up conflict

You may use this to say that's not what you meant, but that assumes all functions are equal by the metric of relationships.

They are not. 

*Also, both people fight, so both have no ill will towards each other!*

are you serious?

And the usual, *where is the proof for the nature of functions being exactly like this as you are proposing*

And I am refraining from my typical disproved via observation irl approach, mind.Eh, just gave my thoughts on what you asked me to. Make of them what you will.I know you meant the opposite. I merely translated it into reality of what will happen.No.Better than r/emitpavdabExactly my reaction to your idea my friend.

Exactly the same.

&gt;Instead of the supervisee lashing out and the supervisor being like "wtf" both conflictors lash out violently at each other. So this is a relationship of rare but big conflicts* with in between periods of constant irritation building up to another conflict, and the cycle repeats...

See, this is called a fight. Size and intensity of it is merely your speculation and contrary to observable human behavior.2nd coming of Christ's younger brother.Type Tree(3) please.Probably true. Enough to almost call it nearly self evident.Do you have any ENFJ women close to you in your life?

Feel free to ignore me if you don't want to talk about it, I was just curious.Either things mean something, or they mean nothing.Extending your analogy, I have found that their Thunder is better but their quick attack is non existent. So I found clashes only in events where nimbleness is required, which is rather heavily dependent upon life circumstances.Types have connection with personality.

People have preferences regarding personality.

Preferences generated have connection with own personality.


You know, I am implying less than you think I am implying.I can't condense things more than I already did. 

I am not toying with you, I literally don't know what is not clear in what I wrote.But I am scaling it down, if anything, you are the one scaling it up and universalizing it.

If I wanted to make it so, I would have given some example of complete determination of start and end states from only typology, like those socionics people.Are you referring to whom I think you are referring? 

If so, kek. Did you just link pol to a high schooler?

kek.Considering how the dude's mind seems to notice only the positives in religious texts, and assuming he is not politically shilling, You may have a point. 

Some particular details on the why would have been nice though.Only the protestants, yes?

And even they have the idea of the Church.Doctrine always naturally differs from practice.

And even then, The church has always been the mediator between both, though like you, I am not familiar in depth with this. 

I see all ideologies as collectivist by nature because of what being an ideology entails, but that kinda makes the word too broad and useless.Ah, the Neo Buddha has arrived.

And it's a bit underwhelming like all things new.It is not viable to think of the axes as symmetric.Cool story bro, but no.

Such an idea does not hold up to scrutiny when observed in people.There is no point in pursuing things if you think they mean nothing.&gt;pursuit itself is valuble

&gt;Therefore I can do whatever shit I want and call it justified.

Not unless you are a fucking child.

You can't bow out of a discussion with the excuse that it means nothing. Even Agree to Disagree is better than that.If you want to challenge blackalyph, go do that, instead of sperging out and making the same sort of rant that has been done a million times before.&gt;kids

Very optimistic.Hopefully.&gt; Feeling is a judging function and only judges values. It does not assign values.

One way values are gained is by accumulated judgement of things. So, yes, It does assign values, Just not like a computer program &gt; Feeling is more complex than Thinking, because it has a third option that Thinkers are not used to. Otoh, Thinking is more consistent than Feeling, for the very same reason
&gt;&gt; This is pure analytical gold, IMO. Yes.

It's very dependent on how willing one is to live in delusion. Which is not so uncommon in people.

Maybe it's more accurate to put it as *wider theoretical range of complexity*.



Hehehe.

I struck out wider and wrote theoretical while writing it. Then added both feeling that would be better.

As a kid, Lots. I even enjoyed them. 

None after hitting teens even when not sober.Are you particularly short? Or Tall?Translate to unsocionics, please.It was not rage. Sort of sports like joy. Rage was not common to me as a child.&gt; I get this visceral feeling of violence. 

It's part of the joy In what I meant.

&gt;I’ve gotten mad enough when I was younger to put my fist through walls

This is a very different section of emotions to me. This is Rage.

I find both very different.it's like you never met a single Ne dom in your whole life.XSFJ."Justice is the constant and perpetual wish to render to every one his due." — Justinian I ??????????&gt;He has already learnt that the emptiest head, correctly echoing a method, is the best pupil.

And people inevitably graduate.
If you are quoting things, have the sense to give the context.

&gt;If i had the intention of being a missionary, or a saviour, I should have used a clever trick. I should have said to the patient, "Yes, that is the mother complex all right," and we would have gone on that kind of jargon for several months and perhaps in the end I would have swung him around. But I know from experience that such a thing is not good; you should not cheat people even for their good. I do not want to cheat people out of their mistaken faith. Perhaps it was better for the man to go to the dogs than to be saved by wrong means. I never hinder people. When somebody says, "I am going to commit suicide if--," I say, "If that is your intention, I have no objection."Links are for proof of source. I doubt I would need to speak on the problems of quote mining. So, what scenario do you think one would say that irl?You have activated my trap card!

Cause is after effect! 

i.e, you are a moron.I remember you. 

Istj.Dat anti sensor bias, lel.

&gt;I have no clue how you came to this result and most likely you are trolling 

So much for brainstorming multiple possibilities

&gt;My brother is an ISTJ

If you can't type yourself, cool your jets in typing others.Why so defensive?

Identify as whatever you want.

You certainly pursue your desire to debate and discuss though.

lel.Scratch that, You are too disorganized for Si-Te.

Isfj........This sort of literalism is why I remember you. Because I was being sarcastic.

Are you partially autistic? If so, Ignore my attempts at typing. You have issues regarding reading and processing. Please seek some help for that first. 

Disregard what I said regarding types. Your issues will interfere with accuracy. You must first get treatment for that.

I wish you all the best.Your understanding of Types is a bunch of stereotypes smashed together. Why so surprised?You can always check my profile to see if I am the sort to troll people. But I doubt you will. 

Such is life.
&gt;You even use hidden biases 

&gt;so now I'm my grandmothers type despite my hate for tradition lol 

Very hidden indeed. 

At least I have been honored by being upgraded from angry troll to merely misguided. It's because of elimination other possibilities, not directly going for a type. I can elaborate further if you want, but its obsolete now.

I think the man is Not being obstinate, but is challenged in social interactions in not being able to understand non literal things, so I don't think it's right to type him now.

Mind, I say this because this is the second interaction this happened. 

I don't subscribe to the idea of typing people who have obvious issues.

The sample space we get is contaminated by default.If you are on reddit, you are probably not an Extj. Just sayin because you asked me how I eliminate possibilities.

Got beaten to ESFJ too, it seems.





Simple enough, what reddit might provide can be obtained easier via other methods.Which ever need one has.  The type is a description of how one thinks about things. Not what one thinks about things.

&gt;social media

We can deconstruct every single possible desire, but it would be a waste of time.

For this one, why pick one of the more stupidly ineffective ones out there?

&gt;Fe-Si. 

I came here by elimination, not by matching something you said with something relating to such method of cognition.

and I don't believe in the ultra deterministic insanity of socionics to tell you this and this sort of behaviour is what you will exhibit. You will have to examine yourself if your pattern of thinking matches anything. It's as clear as it can be. 
lolkekDouble kek.Oh, fucking god, dude, you are killing me with laughter.I assume you made this post "randomly" too?Username checks out lelHilarious.&gt;we're all different.

Exactly why I am laughing.

May be try to extend the same courtesy to other INTP's?&gt;Common = generally accepted, I can't think of a more objective measure here

...that's very *INTP* of you.You are a dude, right?

Just curious, ignore me if you don't wanna answer.Huh. This is surprising. 


I guess it shouldn't have been, people are people everywhere, but huh.not good at sarcasm?

&gt;I'm getting sick of the intolerance and bigotry here.

Dial down on the paranoia.Pathetic.

Does imagining yourself getting persecuted give you a boner for being such a superior visionary from the brainwashed sheeple?

Your behaviour on this thread is not really lending any credence to the view point you have presented, matey, so consider if your cause and effect chain is reversed.I asked because I thought you were a male and wanted to confirm out of curiosity, not because this post made me think "wait a second, a dude wouldn't say that!"Yawn. Not more information than mistyped INTP desperate for social acceptance.&gt;  So the majority is typically correct on these things.

&gt;&gt; I will share the majority opinion here

&gt;&gt;&gt; gets butthurt that his supposed majority opinion is not overtly supported

&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Takes that as sign of persecution

kek. Very intelligent. Very INTP.hey man, no need for self hate.It made sense, yes, ever since I heard his views on Judeo Christian religion and how it's supposedly *naturally evolved to teach meta truths, tots for sure, guys!* without seemingly having a lick of an idea on the progression of religion historically.

From what I remember, I think I was asking you to spoon feed a bit the process one would go about in typing him instead of the nebulous "This thought seems about right and probably linked to this idea this way, ergo this" thing I could have managed without going off particularly into religion.

Edit: also, I didn't have it down to exact ISFJ, merely that he sure as hell is not an N.If functions are useful patterns, what is the point of belief or non belief regarding them? A desire to not waste effort regarding studies trying to isolate them or something?&gt;shouting about his convictions and values is to convince himself as anything.

The more one talks of particular ideals to other people, the more there seems to be a sort of "loss of self will" in acting according to those ideals. Sort of like the brain going "yeah, you did your job, now stop giving a fuck" or "now other people will make sure you will do it, don't bother yourself" and vice versa too. Maybe it's just me and my flawed chances of observation of other people. 

*assuming one really believes in whatever those ideals are, which is a big assumption.



while People do shit it up, The heuristic has been useful for me in making certain leaps of connection that seems to be accurate in very wide and disconnected groups of people, like, say, the tendency of ENFP's to mimic ExTJ's and sort of succeed, especially when having strong emotional motivation, for marking it to not have positive value to me.

ENFJ.It is a matter of how much common sense one has, more than how one thinks, because you have to be able to connect the things you see to an objective standard of what things are.

NJs and SJs are more prone to developing such common sense though, in their own ways.Whichever one that has any correlation with self control.ENFP.

Any siblings?Do consider exploring ENFP then. Ne - Te.&gt; they love being unpredictable but fail to realize they're unpredictable in the grossest way possible

i.e, predictable.

So, was the post that began the thread sarcasm?I have learned to appreciate that everyone can suck.

Soft corner for ENFP's however.No.ESxJ?

You sure you thought this one through?I dunno.

But the possibility you raised is not, well, possible.Se is pretty much the most extroverted shit there is.

Normally the word extroversion merely indicates direction regarding functions, but it aligns with the common parlance meaning for Se.
While I was not trying for that, it was probably the problem.

There is always the cynical urge to hate the aspirations for anything not utterly base.lel&gt;Te doms are power-seeking which is why they're bossy, Fi doms don't need to be because they already have the power

Still stuck on the empowerment = Power nonsense, I see. Read his book.You wanted an explanation. Truly eloquent and debate hungry.

No worries.Make a case for it in your words, concise and clean. In comparision to?

Also, very *original* phrasing. &gt;I say scrap the whole concept of good and bad and just have truth. There is correct and incorrect, there is no good or bad.

You suck at this philosophy thing.

Morality stems from truth i.e *correctness* in all but the trashiest systems.Normally I don't bother, But I am in a somewhat good mood today, So let me take a crack at ruining it.

In short, Hitler consciously bridged the gap between unspoken assumptions of collectives and practiced actions of people in his age.

Via both Dichotomies and Functions, This provides proof for INFJ and Ni-Fe-Ti-Se.

What, anything but the most tedious and purple of prose are beneath your notice as criticism?

One of whom?

Also, Absolute power + Aspirations of Greater good = Rationalization of any possible action.In general for any scenario or specifically this one? 

Because the utility of social cohesion is obvious in this case.Sure, edgelord.&gt;it still would be an alien and deeply uncomfortable idea to him.

There is no person in the world above flattery. Absolutely none.

The idea of leadership and personalty cults are inextricably linked. The degree of extremity and it's perception as extreme is what causes abhorrence towards it in external observers.

Even then, if true, then it becomes self sacrifice and thus will enable pretensions to martyrdom.

&gt;Of course but there are many means to social cohesion

Name some that have comparable or better utility in execution and returns.

&gt;big villains in fiction.

They are ExTJs.

You are taking this idea of Ni dom dictator personally. Functions or personality types do not determine values a person holds absolutely. They merely have correlation with certain ideas. There are other factors like society and culture to consider people's reactions to things, even after innate nature is factored. And even this is assuming we know absolutely that Ni has a negative correlation to Dictatorship.

&gt;We enjoy legitimate compliments for our achievements

See

&gt;enable pretensions to martyrdom.

Also, becoming a dictator is an achievement. A very significant and difficult one.

&gt;Since Ni doms have unreachable standards and perceive themselves as eternally evolving theres no way they ever could pose themselves as a perfect role model.

This assumes that a person will have authentic equivalence between internal perception of self and external perception by others as an absolute requirement in all his actions. That's naive, antithetical to efficiency and is an impossible to achieve desire. These are all things with Negative correlation to Ni.

&gt;Religion

Cults of personality are pseudo religious in nature, hitting that exact same box. 

Religions are ideologies. Not all ideologies have absolute utility regarding a given cause. Personality cults are not limited like this.

&gt;education and cult of knowledge

which becomes an argument to authority, and therefore is a personality cult or religion in waiting. 

&gt;values, history, Myths

Are either slower to create, possibly contradict you or can be used against you.

You can bring up more, but the whole of human historical behavior stands against your idea that exalting a leader is a less efficient method. 

A personality cult of a leader is merely something that a person that has not been taught to exalt the leader finds too extreme.

&gt;National socialist Germany certainly wouldn't be enough

At the heart of this, You assume that it is against the fundamental nature INTJ's to desire absolute power. This is a delusion. No human is beyond it regardless of type. The desire for power is about as fundamental as hunger. A single person can buck the trend and defeat their nature. Every single person won't. 

&gt;And Ni definitely has a strong correlation with dictatorship, just not in the first position 

We don't know this. 

You are still universalising your personal traits into the archetype. 
The stink of argument to authority that permeates your post is a bit nauseating. 

Before you try to give advice to others, first learn to type yourself.

And a mod team that you don't see is the mod team that is doing it right.
&gt;Online, I will not reply to that sort of thing.

Yet you did. poorly while at it.

&gt;  I have taken the test

kek.

&gt;moderators should effectively moderate

According to your own superior vision, obviously. Good Job in displaying that, mate!

Edit: The mods do their job perfectly well from what I have seen. Try insulting someone out of nowhere or start spamming and you will notice their work. 

shhhhhhhhhhh&gt; Thought phobic wannabe 'skeptics' probably down voted; a true skeptic is open to any and all reasonable possibilities

Please explain.Read more about stoicism, things will become clearer.It will solve the misunderstanding of OP regarding mindfulness.at least this post proves that you are not an ENTJ.

&gt;98.5% has 0 clue

&gt;&gt; if you don't "feel" it you ain't it.

 lel.

git gud scrub.ST trash with Daddy issues who desperately wants to meme himself into being bigg and stronk. 

Would be hilarious the first time one sees it.

Not the gorrilionth time.I ought to compile all these criticisms lastrevio never bothers answering for the next time he word barfs on me with his latest pet theory.He is a Ti dom too.

&gt;Look guys

Not xSTJ. They invoke authorities, not collectives. It's a Fe indicator in stack. 

You can obviously try to consciously put a damper on such instincts, but it's very improbable such self awareness is present in this case.

Weak trash talk game, so not ESTP either.

ISTP.

Also, obviously ST =/= trash. 

...Why suddenly bait people?Probably ESTPThe whole "You can't judge groups, But if anyone criticizes a particular group they all have a unjustified personal motivation as a group" is a very INFP thing.It's not that the heuristic is always bad.

It's that it's overused to the point of near close mindedness.dkbHmm.

Any thing to point to? I typed him as the typical strong  talk leader, but I can be wrong because I can always be not getting the full picture due to not being of the society he belongs to.&gt; Wise Old Man from the collective unconscious

....Yeah.

It's called INFJ. It's the civilized version of tribal shaman.

Do you type Jung as an INTP?&gt;Ni to storytell their way out of wrongness-responsibility.

Ha! As if Ni is that fast.

If you can stop Ne projecting, that would be great.*typical Ni Dom, storytelling his way out of responsible criticism* 

Something something flakey something something rigor.There is nothing about Fe that requires one to be a people pleaser.

It deals in external judgement via values, and the act of civilisation has mutual niceness as one of the core foundational blocks to be spread among it's members.

Therefore, when in bad mental states, or just low self confidence, or any other issues that can contribute this way, the people pleasing value becomes detrimental and overpowering.

You can take child soldiers, for example. People who have been deliberately removed from the general civilizing aspects of human society at the age where the most unspoken assumptions are absorbed. It is absurd to assume any people pleasing niceness instinct to remain significantly, and that none of them are Fe using types.


So if you are using that factor solely to delineate yourself between types, try not to, and examine some more core details of yourself.



lel. 

Jung is wrong then.

Being good at systems does not make you good at people and societies.

He also happened to think types of people drift from one to another and so on. 

Do you subscribe to all of it? or only the ones that support you?

&gt;Yoda is an unreal archetypal figure separate from Jung's theory of types.

Tribal shamans existed, remember? We did not fully pop out as an internet culture out of ether.

The point of archetypes is literally exaggeration done by the unconscious.&gt;not archetypes

All you are demonstrating is your inflexibility regarding the idea of archetypes as descriptors of reality.

Which is very weird, since you seem to still subscribe to types existing, which are, by nature, archetypes.

&gt;none of the ones I've met have been INFJs

Sigh. **ARCHETYPES**

Fulfilling an archetypal role does not make you one. But in fiction, people are made to be archetypes. Thus, you type them as such, noticing their role.


&gt;I was laboring under the assumption that you knew what an archetype is

Please. Enlighten me.

&gt;Jungian typology

&gt;MBTI

lel.

One would assume disagreeing with *His holiness Jung's word* will give the context that one is not exactly adhering to his system absolutely and that things have changed from his time, but I didn't realize such social skills are utterly beyond you. 

&gt; you seemed so confident on your ever-so-informed opinion on Jung's type that I assumed you had any idea of what you're talking about.

As opposed to you running to hide behind Jung's pants?

If you have an argument, make it. If you know how I am wrong, say it.

Don't be a fucking little bitch. All you made is a fucking elaborate argument to authority from the start, of which, you yourself are picking and choosing as demonstrated earlier.
In this thread,

What you are being good at

- Namecalling, Arguments to authority and various other fallacies.

What you are not being good at

- Actually making a point in debate.

May be try it for once.

Also, I assume you will pussy out similarly in the other thread too?&gt;building a narrative for you to escape intellectual responsibility

Stop projecting, faggot. Go look at my fucking profile history before you talk out of your ass.

&gt;decided to have a semantic argument with me about the definition of an archetype

Which you avoided by sperging out about how knowledgeable you are in the beginning.

Suddenly you are pretending that you *were made aware* of the topic of discussion in just the latest comment.

Very honest indeed.

&gt;that you know enough about Jung to even be capable of disagreeing with his views 

Real authority merely needs to make a rigorous argument and defend it. It doesn't need to repeatedly call upon how he is such an authority and others just can't *compare*. The strength of the argument is what generates the authority. When you don't make them, you are toothless.

Even now, Zero actual fucking arguments. Who is storytelling his way out of intellectual responsibility now?



another elaborately made argument from authority devoid of actual arguments.

&gt;When I made my original point it had nothing to do with semantics

I made it so, from my very first comment. If you didn't want it, you could have ignored me.

&gt; If you want to have the argument you should go to the "authority,"

*Sniggers*

Does perfectly encapsulate your whole shtick though.

&gt;If doing that studying sounds like too much work for you that's fine

Right back at ya. If writing down arguments is too much work for you, refrain from arguing with other people.
&gt; this is me giving you background reading

Which assumes authority in the first place. Shit you definitely don't have, neither by the dint of prior arguments nor demonstrable personal value via previous action nor general demeanor.

&gt;If you want my argument read them

My perfectly well reasoned arguments are in teh ether! Meditate a bit and meme yourself into the collective unconscious and may be you will get it too! It's definitely not me avoiding the responsibility of actually typing out an argument, I swear! It just happens to be conveniently unnecessary!

Also, what happened to answering one of my very first queries on how much of Jung do you subscribe to?

All this squirming about to avoid writing an argument. Now you can't even pretend *your time is too precious to educate people* considering how much time you wasted here already.



&gt;Buddhism is inherently an alpha philosophy

American one or East Asian one or South Asian one?&gt; Your first two points here are disingenuous

Merely Insulting, since their substance has been addressed before, and you merely pretend your ethereal arguments have answered it.
That you don't understand responsibility is your problem.

And it got there magically, yes? The conversation was perfectly normal before, and I just suddenly started attacking you. It was definitely not you starting the insult train. Definitely not. No sirree.

&gt;I'm a liberal-minded, sceptical, sophomore

A significant downgrade from your pretensions to Professordom and Prophethood from before. What gives?

And the obligatory reminder that not a single argument has been made by you yet.

If you want to run like a little bitch, do it. 1. This conversation was a tangent of a tangent. Your intent was obvious. That this conversation was not regarding that is also obvious.

2. That archetype is generated by NiFeTiSe. The inflexible moron above can't be assed to argue for it.

3. I don't remember making an argument regarding your question itself. It's NTP's, right? How exactly is old Indian Buddhism which is very reactionary and State sponsored Chinese Buddhism which is very traditionalist NTP?

Or is the pitch is that they are essentially mirror reflections and represented by the same thing?See [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/866u1l/difference_between_enfj_and_entj/dw2z6m6/?context=3).

If you have something other than that, please explain.You sure about Buddhism not being esoteric?&gt;My functions are better than yours 

No.

What is this sudden rise circle jerk for superiority?4xs and RTSs in general.

RPGs not restricted by subgenres, but I am a bit anal about the exact mechanics.

All Assassins creed games pre unity. Even revelations and 3.My bad. 

&gt;ritual, dogmatic

These still apply though. It's how Buddhism was incorporated back into state structures.XNXXMakes sense.lel&gt;If you have something other than that, please explain

In retrospect, maybe don't.In an ideal world.


We don't live there.&gt; 2 realistic for Te

wat&gt;consuming the opiate of the masses.

Cool.

&gt;"what could be"

In an ideal world, this is all religiosity will be. A search for a system of metaphysics.&gt;words mean different things to different people

Let me put it bluntly. I am familiar with your talking points. You aren't with mine. Why?

Try considering how the idea of religion was treated by societies you don't know and are probably dead and how it has come about to today. Don't be like Dawkins and think all religions from the dawn of time are basically reskinned Christianity.

Proof?

&gt;With this definitions "a search for a system of metaphysics" is not a religious act at all, but "only" a philosophical attempt at understanding the world.

This. A very modern and post enlightenment paradigm, that is not even closely true to being universal or necessary, that only came about to free philosophy from a religious oversight, intentionally or not, in a particular set of circumstances.











We are talking about very different things.

Assuming your assertion on causes of WW I are true, Who discovered this?I meant, who discovered that pluto is correlated with the things you claimed?who.

Person? Group? anything?Group?

Location? 

This is literally last century. Some attribution ought to exist.&gt; we're given free will to do righteous things

...kekIt's the tone of the post and this comment's phrasing that is very..odd when taken together. Too dogmatic in a sense.

Sort of like you are just smashing in the stereotypical deep stuff together, rather than actually expressing your views.

Along with the questionable absolute philosophy.Let me make a simple statement.


Atomic bombs are a net good.&gt;Ne views all at once

Lel.&gt;I'm very opinionated. Nothing I say comes from anything external.

You sure?a well defined boundary indeed.

Enough to separate things, maybe.&gt;Past cannot do anything in the future. Why study history then if it has no use. Why study algebra if it has no use for the future

You have to be trolling, right?............

Do you seriously think anyone thought otherwise?&gt;The reason people look at all that and force INFJ/ISTP onto him instead of INTJ, is because of the bullshit notion that INTJs aren't supposed to have "Ti"

Pretty much. The Te stereotypes for INTJ's are the only things stopping his typing as such, and Ti stereotypes is the one pushing for INTP, even though it takes disregarding Ne in the same model.&gt;ni dom: fantastical crank, a kook. high on his own meta-supply.

tbh, It makes sense on this sub.kek&gt;"The survival and propagation method of religion is by teaching useful non obvious  meta textual truths"

SF.

&gt;General Tendency to trust the soft sciences academia, barring a particular Ideological Strain he opposes on moral grounds

S and J.

Get off your sensor biases, people. 



huh?Well, I didn't wan't to leave out the possibility of being called a hero even for no good reason.

¯\_(ツ)_/¯
keklol no.Didn't you say you were banned?
&gt; cybernetics

?it's a tongue in cheek negative karma bait.

also, 

&gt; Implying sensors are too dumb for symbolism

Clearly you understood the bait?

I do think he is an SF though, for the first given reason.By that, Do you mean he extraverts a thinking function? Or do you mean the traditional xxTx?Did big brother succeed in making you see the light then?kekI was merely pointing out that sub both goes on about sensor bias, while simultaneously claiming any one with a lick of abstractness in what they profess is  "NTVTV"



I seem to have been a bit obtuse about it in retrospect.

As for me, I too think on similar lines regarding this, but merely consider Jordan to be the inevitable statistical outlier.  Replace the word "religion" with "culture and ideology", in the first comment I made and you get the stereotypical SF worldview. As for where I got that, it's straight from the horse's mouth.What would you go for if you had to bet on it right now? 

Some IXTJ?Doesn't every one do it and merely pretend to not to?Having a judgement function as primary gives you a negative buff to objective analysis.If you don't wanna, set things to private.

And if it escaped you for some reason, you should have been more paranoid.&gt;if the function is je

This one is actually worst in my experience. ENTJ's fare far better than the rest, but in general, this category is terribad. 

Why do you consider otherwise?

As for Px, experience dependent. Very straight forward, Imo.

&gt; ji who judges things according to whatever personal definition they define.

System dependent. No system is perfect. Therefore a perpectual negative buff whose stats are based on their chosen system, therefore personality.

PS : Obviously the rest of the functions used count too, based on their order. And since Pi necessitates Je immediately after...


Not unpopular in this sub, this view.Sorry, no. 

And Google gives me nothing.Ah, that election was fun. 

Probably not so for US citizens.

kek.One thing I like about it is this. Every one is adversarial and paranoid now. That's good. That's how one can begin to hope to get a vigilant populace, the root of all that is good.People are not the same, never been the same, and the divisions are real. Realism is good.

People are never smart. Thus emotional reactions that align with reality will have to make do.

I say there is no real way to avoid divisions with people without being an ostrich and ignoring the world.
Terror of reality is how both individuals and groups change their ways.

Objective reality is something everyone understands in their instincts, whatever their overt beliefs they hold to are

I will not claim there is no danger. Merely that is must be so, and there is no real safe way.&gt; you're conflating the term "division" with "different".

I am actually not, though. 

&gt; You speak about the US as though you don't live here, but you act as though you know the mechanics of our society better than we do, which is...interesting.


Behold the power of globalisation. If it helps, I know jack shit about Russia and China. See the difference?

Also Gazillion expat cousins. But mostly the first.

Who is we though?

What is the meaning of your username?Subjective reality, not even once.&gt;implying values are an unconditional good.[kek](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8l2z46/i_have_a_problem/dze1wkl/)I have always enjoyed that, actually.

[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEXWRTEbj1I)&gt;Always about people

It's not. It's always about systems.

Here, your own comment.


&gt;Listen to any explanation of him deciding why he came out against Bill C-16. He felt that he could no longer keep quiet about where things were heading&gt;Why did this society do this, I spent a long time thinking about this.

Done. Both for the query, and thinking about an answer for that does not require any focus whatsoever on individuals.

People are merely incidental as the building blocks of his chosen field of study.  Societies. Systems.

&gt;ts implementation would have a large negative impact

If he focused on people, The panic and activism would have started earlier, when such mindsets were being created, not when it was about to be law.Did you read silmarillion?Why put objective in air quotes?By Industry, do you mean the corporate side of it? Research? Both? More?I don't think people claim these are "objective" whatever that may be mean in this context. That is merely about the field of study, not people and institutions in it.

Do they?Ah.

NT -&gt; stem but not vice versa. Is this an acceptable statement?I am very surprised someone beat me to calling ENFP.Not really. The criticism is that every one can act with the typical failings of Fi doms yet they seem to rise above, while Fi doms have the added tendency to not to.


Non conformity, good or bad, is not a mental illness by itself.

The problem is not at an individual level.Bolivar, like Caesar, is ENFJ. Primarily inspiration based commanders. Contrast their battles with Napoleon or Hannibal.&gt;Einstein is a Te user

INTJ?I seem to have read Isaac newton as Einstein again.&gt;seemingly worthless

lol

*I shall* [*Lift up the hearts of the righteous*](https://youtu.be/11YpT76RQHk?t=93)&gt; Mother Theresa, Gandhi

Religious nutters both. Tells you something about INFJ's.Behold the power of modern psychology, lel.

/u/lastrevioAnd Gandhi?[2 deep 4 meeee](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/8l2z46/i_have_a_problem/dze1wkl/)How are both of them different types?

also, racism? is this the South african Kaffir thing?&gt;The things she did were concrete with no overarching future plan for humanity.

which is 

&gt; based on glorifying the Church

Religion is a plan. Hell, it's the grandest of plans according to Christianity itself.

&gt;actually wanted to change the system subjugating his people instead of just put bandaids on it like MT

Turns out, amusingly enough, no. He had his own nutty moralising requirements for the nation in question to be deserving of freedom. And not in a pragmatic *we need a peaceful transfer* way.

As for the racism, colonial society is set up in  way marginalised or conquered people hate each other more and demean each other more in a rat race away from the bottom. You don't want your own meager advantages to be lost. The middling and lower middle classes enforce most of the hierarchy this way and the administration load over society is reduced. There is no solid evidence sustaining this charge, unlike his supposed support for non violence which is  a sham in all ages of his life.

I don't want to presume, but it seems like you are judging their morals and the loftiness of their goals according to your morals, not how they would have perceived it, which is how you type their personality.I think both of them are the same with Aux Fe actually. Same fetishisation of ideals over masses while being charismatic and having a persona that speaks directly to the individual.

&gt;"convert as many people as possible and get good PR for the church"

You make it sound so mundane and base. that's not how the religious think, obviously, yes?  

More specifically, Theresa liked suffering. Considering it as something ennobling that elevates men to be *Christlike* and *Divine*And you just justified holy wars. kek&gt; many people find INTP to be the worst type

Yeah, it's the Te doms people shit on.&gt;people don't mistype as ENTJ

u srys?I am not skinny, I am a famine victim!where are you going with this?Lel, this will bite you in the ass someday.Someone who types as SFJ? You are the hero of this sub.

Outright opposite sounds less viable in large scale compared to similar.Are you an extravert? *BIG E IS PERFECT AND THEREFORE HAS NO TYPE.*

Gilman's probably an introvert, I would lean ISTJ.

Best boy is probably an ENFJ.

Have we had enough Dorn Pov anywhere to type him ?

A pretty solid case can be made for Horus being ENFJ too. 



Saw it.Lel.

I don't delete posts, just go back and see.Wait, I like socionics?Are you a heretic who doesn't celebrate sanguinala?Oh, I didn't See anything to comment on, that's all. Didn't think you were asking for data.

Not particularly skinny, no.Too anal retentively deterministic. At best I would be a heterodox. If you stretch it.KekYou know it.Are you in a college dorm or something? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯So the statement was "Socionics would say the interest in history is indicator of Ni and I don't subscribe to that idea" ?

What do you think of socionics in general?The second question?&gt;neopagan

Do you subscribe to the view that neopaganism is the direct descendant of old paganism? Or that it has been resurrected sort of like how Hebrew was bought back?

I was trying to test the accuracy of your typing. Thanks for the useful response.&gt; So ENTPs clearly display more Ti in their truth judgments, this is clear as heck, every one in the room expert or not may disagree with them, but that doesn't change the fact that maybe they're all wrong and I'm right.

Elaborate.That they are linked is obvious, but calling it reductionist is merely bias against introverted modes of cognition.Who knows what your reasons are. Yup. Obvious right? Considering how irrelevant that factor is.

Now defend your assertion that introspective modes of thought are less deep (yes, that is what your word reductionist means here) when the obvious conclusion is the opposite? Link?&gt;Some people nickname Ti as “Accuracy” 

You can't spell AuTism without Ti.

Seriously though, some of this comment should have been in the main post, length be damned.&gt; history especially is very heavy on factual, concrete recounting of specific events

ugh. Historians really do need to be shot.&gt; no amount of me Cassandra-ing

heh. Nice.Do you find more ENxPs among all Ns? or something else?&gt;  FMA: Brotherhood not FMA

Good taste detected.&gt; ENFJs. So fake their fake self is their true self.

lolNe is highly valued everywhere as the prime of intellectualism.

The Es Ts and Ss come before the rest in general, with a heavy negetive penalty attached to I and positive to SObsessions with having a pretty huge dick is Je Si.Js. Of the IN and ET varieties.The first ship is. If Te is seen as ability, Ne is seen as cleverness. And cleverness is very valued everywhere, though obviously wariness of them adds up. Wariness is also a mark of value.

Compared to this, introversion is correlated with uselessness. Of course. I was talking about functions in isolation, obviously, in the most generic of terms, More like not having low Te or Se.Deciscopes or btfo. 

Just to confirm, PHD joke is something you know right?Perfect.&gt;determinismPretty much. It's a heuristic, not some grand unified theory of thought.Hopefully still not alive?Which parameters and methods do the different types have a tendency to use in the setting of boundaries in their lives?&gt; It's like I'm not allowed to have a different belief to you without you immediately projecting anger, hatred, or some kind of bigotry as my emotion.

kek&gt;inb4 hitler.....whatENTJ.

&gt; random game of intense strategy, where the stakes are life and death?

I.e life in a microcosm*how is that relevant unless you think I am commenting on your grammar.*

Regarding your answer itself,

1. Are you pointing out that this is a general possibility, or 
2. It's your opinion that this is the type of the specific person that is being talked about in this post?*Cognition*aries = alexander, what?&gt;Alexander is a real one

Why do you think so?

Ah, neat. Your factors for decision making is exactly what I asked for.The desired stereotype of the Era for a particular subset.malthusianism has been around for a while. Really popular with a particular fringe of the extreme right that tends to map with other STs.Hegel is a hack, Schopenhauer had it right about him.&gt; Does being a parent mean being a narcissistic prick?

&gt;I have no intention of having a children

&gt; My morality revolves largely around altruism

*very cool.*I would [press](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stanislav_Petrov) the button.
Make of that what you will.Danke schoen&gt;My thesis is that feelers are devalued by NT's (and perhaps ST's, who I haven't observed enough to have an opinion) in part because they are associated with emotions linked to women, 

Your problem is that you are universalizing something based on a limited sample space. The limitation is not "only some people". It's culture.Perfection.&gt;All in all, I believe that for those who really want to know their type (for their reasons), the best way is to stop talking, and start listening the people arround them

Pretty much.Non Immediate Internal Perception

Non Immediate External PerceptionGo on.Kemalism is typical Nostalgic restorative civic nationalism. Political views tend to be inherited by family and environment rather one's individual uniqueness. One should try to examine the historical circumstances of how one ideology came about, and the general nature of the support base instead of what talking points they use.
In general, the desires of all people are similar. In the right circumstances, any idea can be sold to anyone.your retardation, as demonstrated, I presume.You're welcome!

I see you edited your post away lolSelf Sufficient.Tribe?Atleast his cult is dying, which is nice.Obsession with symmetry is a fallacy.
&gt;global and future-oriented achievements 

&gt;P above J


lolSince he shorted his own stock, and his comments on the pandemic.

That stunt with his kid distracted people  though.STP, But I lean towards E.Too much of a politician in him, As I see it.

The glory obsessed kind, not the inbred corrupt kind.Okay my dude.antinatalism is disguised suicidalness.&gt;NO ONE HAVE THE RIGHT TO DEFINE YOUR SELF. PERIOD.

No.TBH it's randomly generated.lelAh, yes. "ENTP"A stereotypical image of someone wise but in actuality is as deep as a puddle.

Not deceptive, mind.You got downvoted by dudes who were never on the receiving end lol.The same currents resurface every couple of months organically.I stereotyped people on the basis that they stereotyped people.If I get a social credit score, I am killing myself.Good thing I am not American.

Though the unoriginal morons of my country might take it up after seeing the Americans do it.

No matter. Either I try to leave civilisation and run off to a forest, or kill myself without the extra steps.

Build Big Brother back better I guess.There are quite a lot of Third world countries whose rich upper class is desperate to pass for "Global Citizen/ Enlightened Westerner" when they go to their holidays in European tourist traps. And Socialism is generally just defined as being anti-colonial in these places, with no real stigma to that tag. Most of these places are not like Cuba or Vietnam, where change in power involved violence. It's mostly just "Too many European males of fighting age died in WW2 to hold this colony profitably any longer", so they never had Commie Dictatorships either to fear what Americans would consider socialism.

I am from a country that still unironically has communist parties that praise Stalin and Mao, though not even close to power since a couple of decades. If that doesn't narrow it down, I will just PM you.I always found it interesting that the places with the closest similarity in social conditions to where I am are on the exact other end of the globe from us.

Hitler here is.. more of an ice cream.To be fair, Americans have their own new world versions of everything, which is clearly a feature, not a bug, from the time of it's inception itself. 

Social programs are nice and all, but unless the citizenry is vigilant, it tends to devolve into divide and rule into ever smaller groups by a politically active upper middle class. And when you are poor, Political vigilance is not very high on your priorities. The solution to this tends to be Cross sectional Populism/ Push for entrepreneurialism , but those tend to get called ...Interesting names.

&gt; the opposite of what happened in history. 

[Depends on which century you are looking at.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justinian_I)From what I understand, that perception seems to be a product of post WW II reconstruction era. The whole, "We are literally the only country that still has an industrial base worth speaking of" clearly warped some things over there.  

Reminds me of the *Temporarily embarrassed millionaires* quote.&gt;That's American exceptionalism

&gt;People are lazy and entitled. 

Are these not correlated?&gt;No, they're like, the opposite.

The root of both is the belief in deserving to be rich, which is both unwarranted and non universal. Hence, Correlation.

Interesting though, If the people advocating for Communism there aren't rich, that's pretty un-marxist by tradition beginning directly from marx himself. From what you say, Bernie is more of an outlier, not the norm. 

Over here, the cadres of comrades are filled with lazy rich guys who fancy themselves enlightened philosopher kings and virtuous rebels against their personal class interests.&gt; adulting

Oh how I hate that word. Almost as much as "Triggered"Well, that one has the concerted efforts and weight of jargon to confuse it, I can't really begrudge misuse by people.

These ones though, The self infantilisation disgusts me.Who are you, Who are so wise in the ways of science?&gt;High Fi

&gt; Consistent Ethics

Pick only one.&gt; other races were legitimately bad people

&gt;not this wishy washy racism

Uh, what now? Are you sure you are using the words right?&gt; basement dweller who uses racial slurs because he doesn’t care about other

That makes him an anti social asshole, not a racist.

&gt; was just explaining why Hitler didn’t fit what this meme was talking about.

Gotcha.It's less boring this way :pPeople are not means. They are ends unto themselves.

The axes in this chart are false dichotomies.

Also you just did the SJ/SP vs NF/NT again.Well, more like people who have never been ganged up on.

"The coercive power of state monopoly on violence" starts sounding really good when you are about to be lynched by a local mob.True to some extent, As ideological inclinations are partially tribal programming, but fanaticism is clearly negatively correlated with intelligence.lmaoGood post, but what the fuck is Counterphobic?Better than people still in denial.IFPs, always.&gt;you think ESTJ would mistype as ENTP in their 20s

Because Ne is sold as cool, unlike the "Ewww" Si.And this is why FP's are annoying.

Talking to you is not raping you friendo.&gt; Proceeds to project the fuck out

Here is to me still not raping you.&gt;ENTP Flair

&gt;Doesn't understand the simple joy of telling people they are wrong

&gt;Obsessed with Moral policing

BruhYour wordbarf is just strawmanning. Learn to read before responding you ass.r/infj accurate? That's can't be right.

*checks the image*

Of course it wasn't.&gt;Keirsey's system works the way it does because Sensors are Jungian extraverts in the classic sense: those who interact with the psychological 'object' directly. J/P is more controlling of their cognitive model than anything else after S/N, because of their external orientation towards sources of information, affect, etc: because they're working with what is provably or perceivably 'there', the most important thing is how they regulate how much 'there' they have to deal, whether they try and impose control on it (including the introverted SJ way of imposing control via withdrawal and disconnection/dismissal), or they're much more exploratory and novelty/stimulation-seeking (Ps).

&gt;Conversely, for Intuitives, because they're working with internal models and concepts, how they relate to those concepts and express/filter them back to the outside world is much more important in terms of what goes on in their heads, which is more important than P/J in essence because the most important thing for Intuitives is what's going on in their heads.

From an old [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/6f8d9x/opinions_on_keirseys_system/digczo8/)Imagine not forgetting yourself while doing anything.

Imagine not focusing."That's stupid"

"But have you though?"

Lmao.Just in case someone is looking for advice here regarding this topic, Violence solves everything, all other positions are unsustainable.
INFJ: humanity, the future of humanity, how to help effectively, educational avenues to take in doing so, places to move, people to meet, making sure friends are okay, sometimes I get self conscious of my face, food, sleeping, peanut butter ice cream, future border collie and my family. 20 ducks is 20 ducks.Stttttahhhhp Ghost in a machine is brilliant analogy Yeah, literally have to stop, identify and then act. Infps seem to have that wire already running that says, "I'm sad/happy/hungry"That was really considerate!Can defintely see Clementine as an ESFP! Shes about the present! About today and having fun! Shes about vibrancy, physicality and irrational decisions(joke)!Seems like a feeler to me too.&gt; Despite how ESFJs, find my natural way of doing things intolerable, apparently they are supposedly the only type I should date. Its nonsense.

I still can't wrap my head around this pairing. That sounds like a massive nightmare.&gt;There was one time in which he asserted that I was 'less moral' 

lolThis is appreciated! Thank you!Simon INFJ from MisfitsDid the test, researched others, looked up types, went to psychologist, read more about functions, went to another psychologist.Ehh, introversion is almost like to much stimulation. Reminds me of little shocks from speaking to others, to the point you get numbed and need time to jump start again. It's like you've ran a mini marathon or just wrote a long test, you get tired too. This is just me but it's like there is just too much information in the physical world and my brain needs time to help sort out the relevancy of what matters and doesn't. I use fe so it could be a different story but if I fail to have time to myself, my brain stops being able to function as well. It reminds me of a computer overheating. It goes into overdrive and results in a lot of awkwardness (exerting incorrectly ni+fe) and extremely emotional because of that lack of fluency. I need time to myself to sort of rebalance and cool down.Why about the ENFP? Is it cause they're not INFJ?????No shame no game.Don't forget 'over empathy'/ forgetting our perspective/opinion matters and is substantial too!The setting makes a substational difference would is probably linked to how that precious friendship happened however I disagree with your idea of lower stack having those sorts of behaviours. I believe this vacuum of feeding comes from dominant or strong fe users to Fi users in general. Vulnerability is the key for a relationship to work and as said, some settings are more desired. INFJ/ Big Fish, Mr. Nobody, Forrest GumpSame.On a surface level, may want to suggest using a cognitive functions test or another examination. 16 personalities allows the scale but asks a lot of repetitive questions and doesn't exactly "nail" in my opinion, the heart of function theory. A lot of people are about to be mistyped imo.Extraverted: ENTJ


Introverted: INTJ


Current: INFJ[This one](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm)It's funny, it hurt me too. It's to a degree true and not true- one of my biggest fears is essentially doing this and being so egocentric/selfish/self centered/self involved. Sometimes I think I'm bad at prioritizing myself so it becomes an active thought to do it. Anyway, no justification for this- definitely have to keep an eye out to improve. But like, if you're aware you're being selfish- put effort into fixing it and considering others. There is a difference between "my brain evaluates life this way" and "I don't consider others, I don't want to take responsibility of this flaw because I don't feel like it". Selfish is in your actions, not your thoughts imo.Agreed
I've done so many tests and for each one, the result is different. I have been ISTP, ISFP, ISFJ, ESFP, ESTP, ENFJ, INFP...

It would be really great if you can read my answers and type me! Thank you so much in advance!! (I apologize if there are mistakes. English is not my mother tongue.)
____

1. Their intelligence, especially when they come up with creative, original solutions to a problem that I find difficult. Also, when they know how to treat people properly. It doesn't matter whether they actually care about them or not, more of their skills to deal with others.

2. When I see someone, or a company, do something that is so stupid and obviously will turn out bad for others (especially the environment.) When a person is arrogant. What gets under my skin is when I'm in or about to be in an argument with sb and they suddenly give up, but I know they still think they are right, but I can't continue arguing because it would make me the more aggressive one.

3. I'm so bad at remembering details! I only remember the general idea of everything. Whenever my friends mention some specific things we talked about in the past, I'm always dumbfounded. Even when I study, I just want to understand the general idea of a concept.

4. I often think about the future, a semi-realistic (?) one. I guess that is considered daydreaming. I daydream about how I would be successful in the future, with people looking up to me and stuff. 
  Other than that, I also think about my plan for the day, I usually make up a quite detailed to-do list in my head, and never actually doing it.

5. I really want to have conversations about human biology or just human/animal behaviors, and also gossiping (yes yes it's bad but we do it to bond ok.) 
   It'd be ideal if we talk and listen at an equal amount. But if I have to choose, I would prefer listening to an interesting person but only if it's about the topics I mentioned, not about that person complaining about their life. 

6. As I mentioned above, in the field of biology, psychology, philosophy. These are the topics that I find interesting and actually useful in daily life.

7. Okay this question is quite long to answer. To be honest, I don't really care that much about anything to "strongly disagree." But if someone annoys me a lot, I would confront them if the action is repeated. If it's not too annoying, I would take out my phone, text my close friend to complaining about it. When I confront them, I would talk about the problem to them in a polite way, not showing the fact that I'm annoyed. Generally, I would like to keep my facade as an easy-going, hard-to-annoy person (to both strangers and close friends), even when I'm not.

8. I'm definitely interested in and willing to do all of the things you mentioned! But actually I have not done much of those things because of financial reasons. As soon as I make money, I'll travel. (probably by myself) 

9. I act quite differently to different people. I become emotional to rational people and vice versa. When I'm in a 1 on 1 conversation, I'm loud and talkative. When I'm put in the environment where I don't know anyone, I can be quite proactive and friendly. However, whenever I'm with a group of friends, I become more quiet and listen. 
   I don't choose my words carefully but I do know what not to say and don't slip most of the time. I don't think too fast but I have trouble verbalizing what I'm thinking. If that happens, I would usually change to a new topic, think again about the previous topic at the back of my head and bring it up again after I can make it out into words. 
   I almost never interrupt. I want people to say everything that they want to say. If I'm interrupted, I would feel quite annoyed (possibly also look at the person interrupting me with a new light) and politely mentioned after they finished talking that I wasn't done yet. Of course I would also consider why they interrupted me.
   I don't feel ever feel like I have so much energy and can't sit still. It's extreme hard for me to get up after relaxing or out of bed; I only get up when there is important commitment, like work.

10. I'm not. I'm not a creative person. I've been thinking of making a Youtube channel in my own language but haven't got around to do it because of laziness. I have had many projects in mind but I'm not even likely to start them, let alone finish them.

11. I'm 19, female, and Vietnamese.Waahhh thanks for the fast reply. You're really nice for doing this for everyone, as well as for sharing a bunch of knowledge on MBTI.

I can't believe that I've never ever got INFJ before, considering how accurate it describes me! For the other types I've got it has only been "What?! That's not me at all" to "Yeah.. That's probably me?" 

I'm quite sure I'm an INFJ. Why do you think I've never got this result from all the tests before? And I always answer truthfullyAhh that's very true what you said. The questions are always either this or that, and it's hard to answer when you are both or none, and when the answer depends on the situations.

If you don't mind me asking, how did you see that I'm an INFJ?Thanks to your explanation on functions in another post, I do understand a little bit about them! Wow, that's really analytical and observant what you did to type me :) Thanks again for helping me find my true type.

I'm sorry to bother you with another question, but you are the most knowledgeable person on MBTI that I know from all of this subtopic! Which type do you think is the most common and least common? Because the charts that I have seen are either from a long time ago or from testing websites which are faulty. 
As someone who was in an on and off romance with an INTJ for 8+ years.. fucking nailed it. Another problem we had was instead of discussing potential problems in our relationship, we would withdraw emotionally from each other. It basically ended because we couldn't express where we wanted our friendship/relationship to go. I was afraid of coming on too strong, and he was afraid of letting himself be emotionally vulnerable with me. 

But I think if we had worked on ourselves a little more, it could have been a beautiful thing. I'm happy to see other people of our types have managed to make it work! As a Ni-dom, I can confirm I am definitely a visual perceiver. As a poet, I see an image in my head and try to recreate it with language. Imagery is everything! I am an INFJ, and I like INTJs, ENTPs, and INFJs. 

I feel like I connect strongly with INTJs that I have met, on a deeper level than most any other kind of person. The philosophical/intellectual discussions are wonderful.

ENTPs are great motivators for self improvement. That has been my experience, at least. My current SO is ENTP (we think). 

I had a huge crush on an INFJ girl that I met in college. She's one of my closest friends now. I know what you mean. Although I think the difference for me (not sure if it's a common INFJ thing or not) is that my desire to "fix" someone stems from hearing about the problems they're having and seeing a clear way for them to fix it, and then trying to lead them in that direction. However, I'd never manipulate someone or get pushy about it. I tell them what I think they should do, and if they disagree then that's their choice. If it works out, great! If not, I'm still here for them afterwards. So it has less to do with fixing a person internally and more to do with fixing their problems. Check out cognitive functions! It's way more helpful than tests. Cognitive functions describe the way your brain works, where the personality tests are only looking at the behaviors that are often stereotypical of each set of functions. Maybe compare the cognitive functions of the types you seem to test as often and see what resonates most with you, just to get started. It may take some trial and error before you get a good handle on what cognitive functions really are, but you'll get a much more accurate result in the end.This actually sounds quite a bit like my boyfriend's relationship with his best friend, who is also an ESTP! 

The ESTP is definitely the one into more reflex oriented games, where my SO likes games where he can build, explore, and collect things. He also likes FPS games, but less than the ESTP. The ESTP and his girlfriend (ISFJ) enjoy playing WoW with us, but my boyfriend is definitely the least interested in the more technical and structured aspects of end-game play. My boyfriend likes to take his time and figure everything out thoroughly before moving on. He plays for enjoyment. The ESTP likes to plow through quests, dungeons, raids as fast as possible to become as good as he can.

The most experience we have with versus games are when we'd get together and play super smash bros. Usually me or the ESTP would come out on top, and the ISFJ and my SO would be 3rd or 4th. It's always a little stressful when it's down to me and the ESTP, because he has quicker reflexes than I do, but I'm better at figuring out what my opponent will do and coming up with 'out of the box' solutions to win.

My boyfriend is more responsible than the ESTP, but I kind of chalk that up to life experience, as the ESTP is a few years younger than us. 

Thank you! Your post makes me a bit more confident in his typing as ENTP. I guess I just didn't have many real life examples of ENTP to look at - the only ENTP friend I have I see very rarely and he lives hundreds of miles away; he's also significantly older than my SO so it's hard to compare.He is also 24! 

That makes a lot of sense, I didn't really think about it in those terms.Haha I've been trying to get him on Reddit for ages because I think he'd really like it but he doesn't seem super interested for some reason. I don't think he really knows what Reddit is about though, or he would be. 

I might do that! He isn't really as into mbti as I am, he kind of just humors me with it. But maybe he could find people who share some common ground with him there. This sounds a lot like a friend of mine (ENFP) and her husband (INTP). They've been together 10+ years and outwardly they seem perfect. They really love each other and cannot imagine being with anyone else. But from an insider's perspective as her main confidante, it's difficult and they have some glaring issues in their relationship.

ENFP+INTP is totally capable of creating great balance in a relationship, but this is only if both parties are willing to compromise and meet each other halfway. In my friend's relationship, she does all the work in trying to create harmony in their relationship. Her INTP husband refuses to make any changes to meet her halfway. If there is something she needs that doesn't come naturally to him or doesn't appeal to him, she has to just suck it up because he doesn't see a point in changing his ways. That's not good, and that will probably be the issue that makes or breaks them.

It seems like something you have in common is the fact that he's not willing to put as much effort as you are to make sure the both of you are happy. He probably doesn't realize he is doing that. Have you talked about this issue with him? If you did, what was his perspective? 

He challenges you to view life from an introvert's perspective and introduces new ideas and topics that you may never have considered. You bring harmony into the relationship and push him to be more social and well-rounded. It's great that you have the potential to bring each other balance. However, until he actually responds to your efforts to create balance between your differences, it is only potential. He's not super computer savvy honestly. I'm the computer nerd in the relationship. He gets all of his information from Facebook. So it should be easy to show him that Reddit is far superior as a news source. Honestly, it's something my friend is really struggling with and I don't think she knows how to fix it. He sounds a lot like your guy in the fact that he doesn't think he needs to change, he thinks she is too sensitive, too emotional, and that if she doesn't want him as is, she should leave him. 

It can be difficult to get someone out of that mentality, because to an extent *they aren't wrong*. Theoretically. But life isn't theoretical and nothing is black and white. Relationships aren't built on logic, they're built on feelings. In order to make a relationship work, he has to access his capacity for emotional empathy. 

Have you considered counseling? Do you think he'd be open to it? If he finds you to be too needy and emotional, maybe an objective third party's opinion will appeal to his own objectivity. You could also potentially show him this thread in order to shed light on the fact that these feelings aren't *just yours*. Other people agree with you - people that are complete strangers. Jumping in here, I think it'd be an excellent idea for you to rely more on your friends to get your social and emotional needs met. With me and my SO (ENTP) I often go to some of my more emotionally intelligent friends to get my emotional needs met. I'm also highly introspective where my SO is focused on the world around him, so he doesn't understand when I want to talk about the inner workings of my mind, so I go to my more introspective friends to talk about that.

You don't need to - and shouldn't - rely on your romantic relationship to fulfill all of your social needs. That's what your friends are for! I think it'd really help you out to embrace your social needs outside of your relationship and worked toward accepting that your romantic relationship may not be your source of social stimulation or emotional validation. Different relationships can fulfill different needs. Well, to be fair I just prefer talking to my friends about my introspective thoughts because they're closer to being on the same wavelength as me. I haven't given my SO a ton of opportunities to be introspective with me because the way he goes about it rubs me the wrong way. I appreciate validation more than debate when it comes to things incredibly personal. My SO likes to question things, and those aren't things I want to debate about! Well you guys are definitely in a better position than my friend, as her husband refuses to consider therapy, unfortunately. But I think it would be a very excellent idea! 

And he may not be wrong, but neither are you! You both need to understand that! Different is not wrong. 

Thank you, and I hope the best for you! You guys sound like you'll be okay, you just need to work through these differences! It definitely sounds like you're on the right track.Ah, I think many of us are guilty of that! Romantic comedies can be quite damaging to our perception of a healthy relationship, unfortunately. While it looks wonderful on screen, our favorite fictional couples don't actually have to go home to each other every day and work out their issues. They just get written off into a happy ending. Happy endings are work! Haha I'd definitely watch that!It is something we have discussed in depth. We've tried it before and it just causes tension and stress for both of us. We're both fine with me getting that introspective validation from other people. Ha! An ENTP with no argument?! Where is my prize? :P How did I cause you to question your ENTPness? I apologize! I was kind of a floater in high school. I was friends with a few people from every group and I'd pick which I liked most or had closer friends in to sit with at lunch, but I never really felt like I was in a group. My best friend (ISFP) was also a loner and we stuck together whenever possible, but she dropped out senior year. 

Since then I think I have been pretty obsessed with finding things to identify by/with. It's more for an internal validation than for external belonging. I think I've come to a good place in feeling accepted by my close friends (although it hasn't always been that way and I know I still have a little ways to go), so at this point I'm mostly searching for answers about myself as a person. I kind of view my internal self as ambiguous, so I like being able to find things to relate to and define myself with. That's why I like MBTI. It also gives me a starting point to work on what my potential faults and strengths are. I think it has definitely benefited me, especially with my interactions with others. It's rather late and I'm too exhausted to write anything right now. But I searched through my recent poetry to find one that I felt represented the 'essence' of who I am the best. I am an INFJ.

&gt; Damage in my mind;

&gt; I'm not here

&gt; I don't exist within the clutter

&gt; of 'home'

&gt; or the busyness without

&gt; I am not here behind the pen

&gt; I am not in the streets or classrooms

&gt; Or in empty diners drinking 

&gt; Poison from a bottle

&gt; 

&gt; I am not in the open air

&gt; With the windows down

&gt; I am not in the cold dark

&gt; Breaking under the weight of all that is,

&gt; or all that won't

&gt; I am not in my panic or my anger

&gt; My sadness or my joy

&gt; 

&gt; There is a dream long forgotten

&gt; Sailing through the ocean

&gt; Toward the end of everything

&gt; Surrounded by peace, purity

&gt; Belonging

&gt; Bliss in a suspended moment

&gt; Still blurred around the edges

&gt; With nothing to fear

&gt; 

&gt; I don't know where I am;

&gt; Just that it is

&gt; Elsewhere.Not really. I don't even notice my dominant function. It's just me, it's what my brain does. For a while I couldn't even figure out what my dominant function was because it is such an intrinsic part of me, I couldn't define it. But I've also read that Ni is, by definition, hard to explain and hard to define. I don't feel jealousy per se, but I do tend to feel insecure if other friendships and interactions are prioritized higher than mine. It makes me feel like I'm doing something wrong and they aren't getting what they need from me. You kind of seem like an INTJ to me. Have you looked thoroughly into cognitive functions? That's where you truly learn what type you are. You could take a look at the cognitive functions of INTJ and compare them to INFJ to see if one of them describes you accurately. If not, keep exploring cognitive functions!This is what I got:

Possible score tie:
6 Alpha, 6 Beta, 3 Gamma and 2 Delta!

I was a little surprised that Alpha was so high for me.I think comparing is really helpful when looking at cognitive functions of different types! I think it's easier to see how the functions work together in each type that way. The article comparing INFJ and INFP cognitive functions was the one that made me realize I was an INFJ because tests would type me 50/50 one or the other. Mother: ESTJ

Father: ENFP

Me: INFJ

Sister: INFP

Brother: ISFP

And my siblings' mother, who I'm closer to than my own: ISFJ

Communication with my mother has always been very difficult and stressful. We disagree and clash on almost everything, and cannot usually see eye-to-eye enough to even talk about it. I'm not on bad terms with my father, but I don't really trust him because he's been rather neglectful to me and my siblings throughout our lives. He's more of a 'friend' than a parental figure. My sister can be hard to deal with, she's incredibly sensitive and prone to overreaction, I often feel like I have to be the bigger person/adult although she is the eldest. My brother, middle child, is kind and quiet and we get along really well. He's incredibly protective, but not in an obnoxious way. I know he's always there for me. And their mother is great. She's always been my biggest supporter, defender, and cheerleader. I love her to death and think very highly of her.YES. This is exactly what I came here to say. When I first tested as INFJ (before I familiarized myself with functions) I wrote it off and fancied myself as INFP instead because I didn't think I was anything special. I didn't think I was rare. I knew I was hard to get to know, but isn't everyone on some level?

Now that I've accepted my INFJness after studying cognitive functions more closely, I still hate being the rarest type. I'm always paranoid someone will ask what type I am and they won't believe me when I tell them. I'm worried people think I just want to be special and unique. I'm not some mystical unicorn that sees the future, I'm just a relatively normal person. I like listening to my friends' problems and giving them advice. I like writing poetry. I like watching Netflix. I'm not saving the world. 

There is nothing "special" about being different from the norm of society. There is nothing cool about feeling like you don't fit in anywhere. It isn't unique to struggle with a world made for people not like you, while watching most everyone else thriving in life. It just plain sucks. And it sucks for a lot of people, not just me or INFJs.INTP when I was an adolescent. INFP mostly when I rediscovered MBTI, but looked into ENFP and INFJ because INFP didn't seem quite right, annd now I've found my true type at INFJ after studying the functions.Does the "present" really exist?

But on a serious note, always. Your example of the tacos really hit home for me.. I always feel a bit sad when I'm eating something delicious, because I feel like I can't really enjoy it because I'm thinking about it being gone. 

But it can also be rather helpful. If there is something happening very soon that I'm dreading, or if I'm going through something that is negative, I can focus on the future where it won't be an issue anymore, and that brings me a sense of relief. Like if I'm at the dentist, I try to focus on the feeling of relief I'll have when walking back to my car. It's a very nice distraction tactic. I've only met one INTJ that I know of, and I'd like to get to know more of them. As a fellow Ni-dom, I feel like I connect to INTJs on a level that I don't really get with other types, but there are enough differences that I find them incredibly engaging and intriguing. I am so talkative. Then I go home wanting to murder myself for sharing so much. Otherwise I'm just happy and obnoxious mostly. ~~^And ^really ^really ^horny.~~I'm not sure about other INFJs, but for me I feel like the thoughts in my head are deeply personal, and it makes me uncomfortable to give them to other people. I'm a bit of a control freak, and I feel like giving people bits and pieces of my mind is like giving them control over my thoughts and feelings. After they leave my mouth, I can't put them back. I can't control how people react to them, or what they think of me. I feel like I have created an elaborate mask, or fake persona for myself that I let other people see. Telling them more about myself cracks that illusion. I'm the one that everyone goes to for advice and to vent their frustrations, and I really enjoy that. If other people know more about me, I feel like it takes away from the impression that I am extremely put together and know how to fix every problem. 

I do understand that this isn't healthy though. It's something I work on. I do have a couple of friends that I've gotten comfortable talking to about what I think and feel. To an extent. I still feel like I overshare sometimes and then I close myself off for a while. But it happens a lot less with them.No problem! I'm glad I could explain it well enough to help you understand. :) Yes! Came here to say this too. Feelings? Oh please. Feelings are my trade! I love dealing with the feelings of others because I believe I'm rather adept at making people feel better. 

The future seriously freaks me out. I live there, and it can be awful. I always wonder that I'm making a mistake in either pursuing opportunities or staying where I'm at. I'm worried I won't make it. I'm worried twenty years of my life will pass by and I'll have accomplished nothing. 

Although I will say, I know it's more comfortable to sit on those feelings and bottle them up, but you shouldn't. You're only hurting yourself. It doesn't seem that way, but sharing with others will make you feel better. You'll get some sound advice (hopefully) and some reassurance that your fears will probably not come to pass. Isolate yourself and your negative feelings won't go anywhere. You've got to let them go. Oh man, I hope you find one! One of my closest friends is ENFJ and I adore her. She's insightful and extremely similar in mindset to me, but also infectiously fun, warm, and endlessly supportive once you've gained her respect. She gave me a glowing reference when I was interviewing for my current job and I have a feeling that it played a part in getting me hired. 

My college mentor was also an ENFJ and she really pushed me to pursue the career field I'm getting into now. Although she was a little intense for me sometimes, I respect and appreciate her endlessly. So.. if an ENFJ, INFJ, and INFP share the account... does the ENFJ dislike the INFJ? Do you guys have some stuff to work out? I agree with this. I know a lot of mistyping goes on with INFJs, but I feel like the general consensus with actual INFJs is that being 'unique' is dumb. Everyone is unique in their own way, and uniqueness doesn't necessarily mean better. I had a lot of reservations about admitting I was INFJ at first because I didn't want people to think that I was faking it to seem special, so I kind of just shoehorned myself into being INFP and emulated a lot of their stereotypes. I think a lot of INFJs just kind of want to fit in and not draw attention to themselves. I don't mean to invalidate you in any way, and you can take this with a grain of salt of course, but..

&gt;• Introverted sensing (Si): I'm good at coming up with multiple ways an event may turn out or how someone will react to something, based off of patterns I've picked up. For example, some movies and books bore me because I can see how they'll end, and half of the time I'm right. If I look at something, I think of it in general terms, such as Tuxedo=formal event. Several people I know would say Tuxedo=my prom, my sisters' wedding, etc. I find it impossible to do this, and when someone ask me "what does x remind you of" it takes me a while to come up with an answer. However, I never think "this is how we did this", which is apparently a general description of how Si works. Instead, I'm able think up various ways an event may unravel, which makes people think I'm crazy.

I'm pretty sure you just described Ni, not Si. =/ But plenty of people have pointed it out, so I'll try to give you insight on what being a Ni-dom is, from an INFJ perspective. You can figure out if you relate to it or not, but I do have a feeling you will!

Having Ni as your dominant function means that you gather information about the present or past and then you make a prediction about the future based on those observations. 

For example (not true, just anecdotal) if my relationship is hurting and I'm arguing with my SO a lot, I can't help but think, "Is the rest of my life going to be this way? If this continues, our future is going to be filled with tension and resentment, and I'm going to regret not leaving earlier." Ni is extremely future oriented. I have a very hard time 'living in the moment' because I'm always imagining what the effects of my current actions will be. 

Another example is that I get attached to relationships very fast. The more I get to know someone, the more I can imagine what our future will be like. I imagine the conversations and adventures we'll have, I imagine the breathlessly light feeling of being in love, and I look forward to it. I want more. I get attached to this imagined future. And then a lot of my inevitable relationship dissatisfaction comes from the differences between my idealized future and the reality of it when it happens. 

A more superficial example is when I was working on my Bachelor's in English, I was very excellent at writing papers. I excel at understanding abstract beliefs and arguments and then making deductions based on what I've learned. I am highly analytical when dealing with abstract material. Then you may want to take another look at INFJ! I know it can be a little discouraging to think you know you belong to one type, only to have that certainty thrown into confusion. I did the same thing for a while before I accepted that I was INFJ. I thought I didn't *feel* like a rare magical unicorn, so I probably wasn't an INFJ. I stuck with INFP for a while, but that didn't quite fit. Then I looked into cognitive functions more, and the INFJ stack just makes perfect sense for me. There's nothing else I could be. Maybe you could take a deeper look at some different explanations of the functions? Some are definitely better than others. One of my closest friends is an INTP, so I can definitely see where you're coming from! I wrote this from the perspective of a Ni-dom and tried not to include too much from my other functions so that OP could really see what Ni was like and if she could relate. So I can definitely see why any other intuitives would relate. :) 

I honestly have trouble really understanding descriptions of Si because it's just so foreign to me. I can't put myself in the shoes of a Si-dom because it's so fundamentally opposite of how I view the world. So if OP relates to Ni, I wouldn't be surprised if the confusion was due to an inability to really conceptualize Si.I am INFJ, and I was sorted into Thunderbird. Very happy with these results! 

A short description of the house:

&gt;"Named by Chadwick Boot after his favourite magical beast, the Thunderbird, a beast that can create storms as it flies. Thunderbird house is sometimes considered to represent the soul of a witch or wizard. It is also said that Thunderbird favours adventurers."


Edit: Another very interesting bit of information is that JK Rowling identifies as both INFJ and Thunderbird. :) Hooray!! I think Thunderbird may describe INFJ the best out of all the houses, which seems to go well with the results I got when I posted this in that subreddit. I think Ilvermorny houses may correlate to MBTI types better than Hogwarts houses, but I'd like to see more results before saying anything definitively. Not yet, but I imagine more information will be released about the houses! The quiz was just released today, after all. I can't wait to see how they are represented in the Fantastic Beasts movie.I loved the questions! The one about what answer you'd want for the question you'd most want to ask really stumped me for a moment.Ni = personal ideas = Slytherin

Fe: facilitate interaction (Pukwudgie) or experiences (Thunderbird)

INFJ: Slytherin, Puckwudgie = "I value results with people, and results come from harmony."

Kind of close. I'm INFJ, Ravenclaw, Thunderbird. 
As someone who went through a heavy drinking episode when depressed.. damn.Oh no! I wasn't mad or upset or anything. I just found it ironically relevant haha. Even if you were joking about it, it does seem to happen often to Se-inferiors. I love your typing for Arya. I think a lot of people type her inaccurately ie that she's introverted or a thinking type. I definitely still see Bran as an INFP pre-accident. As much as I'd love to claim Jon Snow since he's commonly mistyped as INFJ, I agree with ISFP for him. I definitely see him as a sensor. 

The only typing here that I have strong opinions against is Daenerys, especially after her most recent conversation with Tyrion. I think she displays a lot of Ni-Fe that you only truly get a strong glimpse of in that scene, since she is usually very reserved about her own feelings. She envisioned her path as the Mother of Dragons, khaleesi of the Dothraki, Queen of Mereen, and rightful ruler of Westeros. She intuitively deducts that her brother will never rule Westeros based on her observations of him and of how the people perceived him. I think the Mother of Dragons is more of an image that she maintains because she believes it is for the greater good. She understands that thousands of people rely on her as their leader, so she feels like she must continue down that path. It isn't until she speaks to Tyrion about it that we see her doubts about her path, and if it's truly what she wants. I think the fact that she has no idea what she truly wants or feels because she has been so enveloped in being what everyone needs her to be shows a preference for Fe over Fi, which rules out INFP. It is only when she is truly lost that she reaches out to Tyrion for emotional insight, but he completely fails to help her. You see her return to her natural state of closing herself off again at the end of their conversation. So I could be totally off, but I genuinely see her as an INFJ. I actually haven't read the books yet! It's hard for me to get into books that switch narrators often, but the desire to properly type Dany might motivate me. :) She could very well be INFP in the books, your argument for it seems to fit the descriptions you've given, but I definitely don't think that Fi-Si translates the same way on screen. I see show!Daenerys as a strong INFJ. The vibe I get from her (apologies for my blatant Ni-ism coming through!) is that she's too.. focused, to be an INFP. If that makes sense? She doesn't strike me as aloof and distant toward outsiders the way INFPs in my life have. She's very openly focused and driven, even if she may not know what her personal feelings are behind what she's striving for.INxJ, in my opinion. 

As an INFJ, constantly looking toward the future creates a false reality that we can get rather attached to. When circumstances change, we hold onto that idealized future. It's hard to rationalize yourself into letting go to something that was created out of your own perception filtered through your dreams and desires. 

As someone else said, INTJs are extremely stubborn, and hold their own ideas to a very high regard. Their ideas tend to be very intriguing and complex. Their unique perspective of the world, gathered through Ni, is filtered through the structure of the highly logical Te. It's hard to argue with the INTJ's perspective, as it tends to be both innovative and rational. However, they are often stuck in their own brain and it is hard for them to let other perspectives in, when nothing can come close to the logical reasoning of their own. If they get stuck on an idea, they have to climb their way out by themselves. Henry Potter? :PI'm still gonna stick with what I've said before and say you sound a lot like an INFJ, haha. I remember quite a few people saying the same, which is impressive! As the least common type, most people try to convince people they *aren't* INFJ, but people seem to try to tell you that you are! That is probably significant.

&gt;• I'm obsessed with my future. I have a hard time dealing with what is in front of me. For example, I have a hard time concentrating on course work, because I'm always worried about the future. This has caused me to nearly fail a few classes. Another thing I'm prone to doing is over thinking everything. For example, in several of the general education courses I've taken, I've over thought assignments that would probably take 3-4 days max to complete. I worry about these assignments, and I usually don't complete them until 2-3 days before the assignment is due. I basically procrastinate because I don't know what is expected of me.

This is not ISFJ and shows a strong indication of Ni. Sensors are oriented around experiences in their surroundings. Intuitors are oriented around ideas and possibilities, which is where thinking about the future falls in. 

&gt;I'm hard to read, and I'm good at changing my personality based on who I'm with.

&gt; I'm obsessed with how the human mind works, which is why I'm obsessed with personality test.

These are also both things that are very common indications of INFJ. :) It took me forever to realize I was INFJ, because I tend to adjust myself to suit whoever I'm with. I think this is a strong signifier of Ni-Fe. Making connections and utilizing that information to better aid the emotions of others. Most of the time I don't even do this consciously. I start to just kind of sponge up the emotions and general 'vibe' of whoever I'm with. Is that you? 

&gt;• I have no actual career ambitions, at least not in the usual sense of career ambitions. I've always found the idea of going to college and then getting some "professional" job such as teacher, lawyer, doctor, accountant, or businesswoman to be repulsive. I really have no career plan. I'm currently majoring in art history. I've thought about becoming a paralegal and teaching art history on the side at a cultural center, but I don't know how to go about that. I really want to be a mother though, because I love babies and I've dreamt of being a housewife since the 6th grade. I'm super shy and reserved, and the idea of taking care of my husband and children has always appealed to me.

This was me a couple years ago. When I was your age, in fact. It is still something I constantly struggle with, but I've come to realize that you don't *have* to have a career. You don't have to do anything except live your life. You just need to figure out what is best for you. I have a part time job as a circulation assistant at the library, and focus on my writing in my spare time. I don't make a lot of money, but I enjoy my work and have plenty of spare time to do what I like.

I don't mean to be pushy, so I sincerely hope it doesn't come off that way. I'm just a little confused, I guess. Why do you want to be ISFJ? You seem very opposed/hesitant to accept that you could be INFJ. Is there a reason ISFJ appeals to you or is something you strive to be? Is there a reason you solidly don't think you're INFJ? A lot of the things that may not traditionally point to INFJ - ie disliking school - are just stereotypes that *could* apply. I hate the same things about college, but did really well when I got in my stride as an English major. Cognitive functions are what matters, are what's accurate. Yours seem to strongly point toward Ni-Fe. 

Take this with a grain of salt if you'd like, I'd just like to understand your thought process behind your confusion and help if I can.I am fairly sure it is the opposite, but I'd be interested in reading any evidence saying otherwise! I'm sorry, maybe I'm just missing something. What do those examples have to do with lacking Ni-dom though? I can definitely see how an overuse of Ne would cause a Si-dom to worry more than is usual about the future, but that doesn't seem to be the norm for the type, just an unhealthy representation of the functions. Whereas Ni by definition - from my understanding - takes information in and uses it to make connections about future possibilities. It is literally oriented around predicting the future. Naturally, being oriented around future possibilities also makes one especially vulnerable to fear about the negative possibilities.

From the condensed function guide linked on the sidebar:

&gt;Ni is introverted intuition. It deals with thorough, personal evaluation of possibilities and ideas. It is concerned with what, through deep analysis and by developing a personal framework, can be concluded about theoretical implications and future possibilities. Its instinct is to construct a nuanced and predictive catalog of the conceptual and potential nature of reality. Only then does it strive to look into the world, accurately perceive what is actually possible and could actually be true given the current starting point, and attempt to adjust its internal framework to accommodate those observations. So it thoroughly and deeply evaluates patterns and conclusions that can be drawn from its conceptions and ideas, but may occasionally overlook the present nature of things in terms of what is actually possible and realistic.
I mean, I think that's a small example of INFJ attitude toward the future that doesn't necessarily match up with things I have read, experienced, and heard about from other INFJs. Where does that description come from? 

While INFJs can often be optimistic, nobody is constantly optimistic. Different situations bring out different reactions. People are more complex than that kind of black and white mentality. I worry about the future constantly, that I'm not doing enough to actualize the best possible future for myself. While INFJs are optimistic, they are also perfectionistic doers. I don't really know of any INFJs that just sit back content and confident that things will be alright. 

Perfectionism also lends itself to procrastination in the exact type of situation OP is describing: 

&gt;I basically procrastinate because I don't know what is expected of me.

When perfectionists do not know how to best act in order to come to the best outcome, they tend to freeze up and do nothing. Most people procrastinate to some extent, and most people have some level of perfectionistic tendencies. These come out in different ways for different types, INFJ included. &gt; •Yes, I do feel as though I can "absorb" emotions, and I do get vibes about people, but I can't explain them to other people, because when I do people think I'm crazy. For example, I can tell when someone is having severe issues in their life. I can also tell when people are lying. I also thought that a beloved professor at my college was a pervert, and no one believed me. My observations turned out to be correct, eventhough I had no concrete or empirical evidence to point that he was perverted. I guess my observations about people are usually anywhere from 50-80% correct most of the time.
&gt; 

I may be wrong of course, but this strikes me as a spot on description of Ni! Concerned with the things that you cannot really explain, just vibes and impressions about things gathered intuitively, rather than concrete evidence about your experiences and environment. 

All in all, I would be pretty confident in saying you are intuitive and not a sensor. But just remember, **you have the final say in defining yourself.** These are just my opinions! If you disagree, then that just means you know yourself better than I can pretend to just by reading descriptions of you. :) But don't let anyone else's opinion - or fear of anyone's opinion - sway you. Just take a good hard look at cognitive functions and try to figure out what seems right for you. Don't worry about fitting into stereotypes. Don't worry about the letters, even. Just look at the functions and try to learn about and understand them the best you can.And that's fine! :) Maybe you aren't. It's just my opinion. Just keep looking into it until you feel confident in one.Also, I'm really sorry that someone nagged you until you agreed with what their opinion was on your type. That's not cool and I'd hate for anyone to do that to me. :/Good luck! Just try not to worry about it too much. You'll figure it out, even if it takes a while. In that case, perhaps INFP would be a good next step to look into? Everything you've written comes off very intuitive to me. If INFJ doesn't seem to fit for you, does INFP seem closer?[Really interested in what people will say. No cheating!](https://scontent-ord1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/13510790_10207213932166930_520663177692368652_n.jpg?oh=3c793ba09c3d2d11049009cb066a5ecd&amp;oe=582B063A)You are ADORABLE. :) And you give a really warm and inviting vibe. My guess is.. ENFJ. My guess is INTJ or INFJ. You've got that intense focus about you. Hmmm.. ESTP?INFP?INFP or ISFP? I love your lipstick by the way! It looks great on you. :)Really?! Yay!! You kind of give the same vibe as one of my ENFJ friends who I absolutely love to death. ENFJs are amazing! :) Not ENFP. Two letters are correct, but wrong functions entirely! And not at all, analyze away! Just stay far away from my comment history. That would be cheating. :) I'm not really sure haha. Just a vibe, I guess? The colorfulness seems INFP-y. I know that sounds lame! I feel like xNFPs often have kind of a lofty spiritedness to them. No, you got it! INFJ. :) You observations were very good! I love adventure sci-fi and fantasy. I am flattered that you'd think I was ENTP! Is that odd? I think your choices are pretty good! As an INFJ, I was going to come here and suggest psychic. :) I can't say I disagree with any of them! I think INTJ as Dark is pretty spot on and ENTP as Electric actually makes more sense than what I was thinking (Steel). I can see how you got each one of them. ENFJ I think, looking at their comment history. Mystic, INFJ.Empathetic.Ne.English, INFJ.INFJ here. I started wearing makeup in high school, probably around 15-16. But back then only basic eyeliner and mascara. I started getting more into it after I graduated. 

I pretty much wear makeup every day. Sometimes if I'm not going anywhere I won't, but if I'm seeing anyone other than my fiance I will. 

It typically takes me about a half hour for a full face. Although I've been able to do it in 10 minutes before when running late.

My favorite part is eye shadow. I love coming up with nice color combinations and blending. It's like painting. :) 

My least favorite is foundation. It's tedious and a necessary evil. 

My go-to is KVD's Nosferatu. I don't think it's a very popular one, but it's perfect for my complexion. 

My favorite palette is Semi-Sweet Chocolate Bar. Lots of warm colors :) 

I'll contour very lightly if I'm doing anything special.

Winged eyeliner for dayssss. KVD Tattoo Liner. That shit is gold. I'll also go for a smoky eye if I'm going out at night.  I hate to say it, but IxFP. Fi-doms kind of drive me crazy. It gives my Ni-Fe a bad vibe, I always get the impression that they are self-absorbed, petty, and quick to offend. 

My closest friend growing up is an INFP, as is my sister. I suspect they are both unhealthy examples, but because of them I have a bad taste for INFPs. They are both very passive aggressive, easily offended, and prone to tantrums. My childhood friend gets angry if you have any friends that aren't her, which I imagine probably stems from insecurity. I'm rather good friends with her sister-in-law, but we sort of hide our friendship from her because we know she'd lash out about it and I don't want their family gatherings to be uncomfortable. My sister is very emotionally unstable and has a bit of a victim complex. She misinterprets everything as a slight against her.

Another close friend of mine is an ISFP, and I get along with her a bit better but I try not to talk about my own problems or anything related to myself because she has a habit of making everything about her. If I tell her I'm not feeling well, her immediate response is "Well I've been sick for like three weeks now." No empathy/sympathy at all, no advice. I know a lot of people will use their own experiences anecdotally to show that they can relate to you, but I don't feel like that's what she does; it feels like she competes to show her problems are worse. It used to make me bitter because I'd talk to her about her problems for hours, but I've just come to accept that she isn't the kind of person I should go to for compassion or advice. I have my ENFJ friend for that. 


I apologize to any lovely IxFPs that read this. I know I've probably just met bad examples of your types, and I imagine the rest of you are lovely. D:Right?! If any single purchase entirely changed my makeup game, it's Tattoo Liner. Over-idealizing potential futures. I'd say to do so I'd need to keep my Ni in check with Ti. Success! I hope you love it! I use Benefit Roller Lash and I'm pretty happy with it right now. I'm always looking to try different mascaras though. :) I have thin and straight Asian lashes so it's a struggle haha. Judging by the way you're responding to people trying to help you here.. I'd say the reason you feel like people don't like you probably has less to do with thinking you're boring and more to do with your abrasive manner of communicating with others.

But I'm sorry, that must just be my Fe speaking! :)Of course! But that doesn't mean a person is incapable of following a given career path due to their type, which is what OP seems to be arguing. An ISFP programmer may be an anomaly, but that doesn't mean they aren't ISFP. To try to tell a complete stranger they are wrong about themselves based on a single detail of their lives is just rude and unwarranted. They were only trying to help OP. Do you?I had a very strong connection with an INTJ I used to know, and I relate completely to what your INTJ friend said about your INFJ person. 

It's incredibly hard to explain, but it's just a sense of familiarity, a sense of unspoken understanding of one another. We had a ton in common, but it wasn't about our shared interests. It's how we felt like we really knew each other, knew the things we couldn't convey into words. I guess it's kind of like.. there is an outer shell of myself that is how I interact with the world around me. And then there is the 'inner' me that nobody sees and nobody knows about and I don't know how to bring that person to the surface or what that person really looks like. But my INTJ friend connected with that inner version of me without even trying.  It was a very deep sense of companionship. I've never felt anything quite as strong. 

I feel the same sense of familiarity with other INFJs I've met, but I've only been close to one INTJ and the feeling was definitely stronger. I think it's less finding joy in wallowing and more of a sense of comfort in dissecting those bad feelings, where they come from, and how to get past them. A need for emotional maturity and intelligence. And a sense of unity in knowing that you aren't the only one that feels a certain way. INFJs are great at counselling, so I think it's quite natural that /r/infj would turn into a place for that. Actually one of my closest friends is an ESTP! I'm the godparent to his son. We have a lot of differences, but we agree on most major issues and I feel like we understand each other better than his fiancee (ISFP) and me, although she is my best friend. Probably because we share the same functions in reverse order. His strengths are my weaknesses and my weaknesses are his strengths, it seems like. I like ESTPs. :) Yeah I can definitely see that. I know an INFP that absolutely *hates* my ESTP friend. I think on the surface there is a bit of friction, because I view him as a tad irresponsible and he lies a lot to keep face (although he's extremely bad at keeping up with lies) and he views me as too judgmental or emotional sometimes. But underneath all of that I think we get each other pretty well. I pretty much always know when he's lying, and he's really good at understanding my point of view on things. Better than my ENTP fiance, actually. And he's supposed to be my ideal match. :) I find it hard to believe he's in control, honestly. He worries me. He'll randomly decide to quit his job because he's bored, without having another one lined up. Then lie to everyone and say he's just on leave while looking for another job. He's done this multiple times. He'll make large spontaneous purchases while also not paying his cable bill for months. Surprise trips to Florida or Chicago where he'll spend thousands of dollars. He's very smart and talented, but extremely erratic. I wish I could just take control of their finances and fix everything because their lives give me a panic attack haha. 

Yeah it definitely makes sense! My relationship with my ENTP is the healthiest I've ever had. We balance each other very well and we hardly disagree on big or small issues. And when we do disagree, we always talk through it and reach a compromise. There has never been anything we couldn't compromise on. One of my best friends is also either INTP or ENTP (not sure yet) and we get along super super well. I love xNTPs haha. I think they're talking about the metaphorical INFJ door slam. Which is completely shutting someone out of your life with little to no external warning. It happens when an INFJ feels they have exhausted all other options and the communication between them and the person in question has become damaging and unhealthy for the INFJ. Or because the INFJ feels too emotionally invested in the other person and is stressed about feeling a lack of control. Have you researched the functions of INFJ and INFP? The two types often look similar on a surface level, but they share no common functions, so that would be the easiest way to determine which of the two you are. :) There is a super helpful article detailing the differences between the functions of the two types here: http://www.personalityhacker.com/infp-vs-infj/ It actually helped me realize I was an INFJ and not an INFP when I was first getting into cognitive functions.I wouldn't be opposed to other opinions, but I can see this. I feel like McCandless was in love with the idea of adventure and living in the wild, but when actually *in* the wild and having to deal with the practicality of living off the land, he was completely out of his depth. I relate to being in love with the idea of adventure, but not very good at it in reality.  That's one way to look at it, definitely. In more generally appealing terms, Fi is more about authenticity and being true to oneself and Fe is more concerned with how they perceive and are perceived by others, I think. Fi is honest, Fe is nice. 

.. I think we just demonstrated the differences between Fe and Fi just by *describing* the differences.No problem! :) Let me know if it helps you! INFJ here. My favorite type, predictably, is ENTP. Followed by INTP, INFJ, ENFJ, and honorary mention to INTJ (Ni-doms gotta stick together).I think this is my favorite theory.INFJs tend to soak up the general atmosphere around them. If someone around me is really irate, I will find myself getting gradually irritated for no reason. We tend to reflect the emotional environment we are in. I think this plays a part in why INFJs - and high Fe users in general - tend to be focused on group harmony. It stresses us out when there is emotional strife or conflict around us. Exactly. I often have to ask my SO to tone down how openly he expresses anger and irritation, because it'll devastate whatever mood I'm in. And then *I* get angry and he's like tf why are **you** angry?! And I've heard that INFP is a mirror and INFJ is a sponge before somewhere. I totally agree.I've only ever met one confirmed ESTP before (the other person I thought was ESTP looked into it and typed himself as ENFP.. did not see that coming). I don't know her very well, she's the roommate of my close ESFP friend. The only memorable experience I've had with her was when we were playing trivia together in a group, and she said something a little rudely to me and it made me feel awkward. She quickly realized she had said it more bluntly than she meant and apologized sincerely. I think we'd get along, but I do feel a little on edge with her. Always on. But I'm very sensitive to the kind of music that's on. If I'm studying, it's classical. If I'm just browsing the internet, it's usually indie/folk or classic rock. My mood tends to kind of lean toward whatever type of music I'm listening to.INFJ and also voted Saturn! Partially because I think Saturn in Roman mythology is pretty baller. But aside from that, Saturn has been my favorite since the 5th grade, long before I knew what it was named for. :) My favorite planet and sailor scout was always Saturn. :D I think the like I give a fuck gif is actually 100% ESTP. Perfect. Even looks like an ESTP. :P 

A few gifs for INFJ:

https://66.media.tumblr.com/a2e346112d2905f0484f17ef9056d7c1/tumblr_n4qnfdgwRV1ssvjtqo1_500.gif

http://67.media.tumblr.com/ed5fe8eb45d6d8ceb60423dce3fd2410/tumblr_nwtty5TNpa1ssvjtqo1_500.gif

https://66.media.tumblr.com/1408d89ec8fb08d2925c492e71136991/tumblr_ne7kafCZUw1ssvjtqo1_400.gif

http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2ltsbd4wi1r2th0no1_500.gifTara Maclay from Buffy, Lisa from the Simpsons, and Hermione from Harry Potter. I could definitely see ExFx, ESFP sounds like a solid guess. INFJ seems unlikely from your answers, you strike me as an extravert. 

I'd highly recommend reading up on the different functions and finding what type suits you best that way! 

There's a bit of actual data on how the types match against each other, but for the most part the pairings are pure conjecture and BS.1 If somebody tried to make a formula of it (eg; swap all letters but one to find your perfect pairing) you know it's bs. ISFJs are oftentimes horribly mistyped thanks to the difficulties online tests have in typing Si and Fe.

If you think you fit Si-Fe-Ti-Ne but online tests are giving you random and different types evytime, don't worry too much about it, you're ISFJ.

I'm a couple off so not really that close (there's also no way in hell I'm ISFP). I assume they usually would be somewhat close even though they aren't inherently linked.

Also for those that aren't completely familiar with big 5, this is IMO the greatest and most intimate personality test I've ever seen by far. http://www.seemypersonality.com/Balanced-Introverted-Open-Agreable-Spontaneous

translates to

Calm-Introverted-oPen-Agreable-Unstructured


IAUCP which correlates with INFP in the OP.

I guess there isn't a standardized lettering format even though they mean the same thing.I just came out of a relationship with an INTP girl and all I can say is yup. That's definitely possibly true. Sorry.

My advice: get married while you're young and still have your looks behind you.The relationship wasn't entirely unpalatable, she's a really nice girl, and we're still friends, but I don't think INTPs really have the specific qualities that would make people want to be more than friends with them (of course these are gross generalities and won't apply to every single situation). 

Some things were; not being extremely affectionate or personal, kind of having a "rebel", stand off-ish personality (despite not being very confrontational), lacking femininity in a lot of ways, lacking hygene (didn't even brush her teeth, wtf), lacking certain traits I would want in a girl I would consider marrying, etc, etc.

Again; she's a wonderful person, very intelligent and very kind, just not the kind of person I would want a serious relationship with.

Also knowing some INTP guys and another INTP girl some of these things seem to be very common amongst the type.Honestly it mystify's me a bit how the two of them (the INTP girls) do so poorly with men. They both have hobbies and careers that place them smack in the middle of a ton of guys, a lot of whom orbit them and show very clear interest, yet they both just gravitate towards dating very, very low grade men (and me lel). One of them is dating a stoner neet guy that she supports now ffs. Wtf is that.You definitely sound ISFJ to me.

Here's what I'm thinking:

&gt;Whenever i am working in a group i try to avoid conflicts. I keep myself in the background and even if i have awesome ideas i tend to keep them to myself to avoid discussion.

An innate desire for social unity and serenity is a classic sign of Fe. After reading this I immediately though you'd be ISFJ or INFJ.

&gt;I'm not really sure about the feeling part though. I think i have a feeling for the mood other people are in. However i have a hard time comforting them when they are sad. Does that alone make me a thinker? Or could that come from my introversion?

I'm absolutely horrible at comforting people when they're sad as well and it definitely has to do with introversion. Personally I prefer to just slink away in solitude when I'm sad to recoup and over the years I've projected this desire onto others and have such have never really built up the skills for comforting. Whoops. A thinker would be more likely to not even be aware they have this problem.

&gt;For example when i'm making decisions i often focus on the hard facts. For example when buying something i will usually go for practicality.

This is consistent with an ISFJ's tertiary Ti. Practicality is sort of a Te thing but it's not exclusive to Te.

&gt;But i'm also kind of a dreamer.

This is sort of the real definition of Jungian introversion. Introverts focus their mental energy inwardly while extroverts focus it to the external world.

&gt;And i am a textbook procrastinator if that helps.

A bad habit, not necessarily directly correlated with type.

Plato and Thomas Jefferson. Doesn't get much better than that.It's probably just because of how MBTI tests are administered.

Via the test being moderately intellectual, preferring libraries to parties and being a neat and tidy person basically makes you an INFJ. That's pretty much what I assume most 30-ish women in NYC are like (note that I've never actually been there myself) so it's not too surprising. What's the source on that? I've seen stats of the opposite but it was from a church based group so I'm somewhat skeptical of their stats.Agnostic INFJ male.

I think it's a noble ideal, if I got into a relationship with a girl who was a virgin and wanted to save sex until marriage I would be fine with waiting, but my standards aren't that strict. As long as a girl doesn't have that crazy of a history and isn't carrying too much emotional baggage from her last relationships I don't care too much. In big 5 terms creative success is linked to openness and extroversion, so in MBTI that would convert to ENxy types. 

From my own personal life the best cook I know is an INFJ, the best artist I've ever known was an INTJ and the best singer an ENTP so it sort of checks out. Maybe the intuitive portion is more important than extroversion for raw ability, but extroversion is just important for actually capitalizing on the innate skill in a financial manner. Extroverts in general are much more comfortable with physical contact than introverts and I would guess P and F types are more touchy-feely in general.

In my experience:

INTP/INTJ: 0/10 cuddly

ESFP: 10/10 cuddly

ENFP: 9/10 cuddly

INFJ: 7/10 cuddly

ESFJ: 9/10 cuddly&gt;Economic Axis - Capitalist: 87.2% Markets

&gt;Diplomatic Axis - Nationalist: 84.0% Nation

&gt;Civil Axis - Moderate: 53.5% Authority

&gt;Societal Axis - Traditional: 68.8% Tradition

Damn everyone here is a commie or a hippy. Gross. Well I just think the progressives have gone too HAM and we need to take a moment and reevaluate our position before they throw us off a cliff from which we may never recover. Economic growth has ground to a snails pace, families are at their worst state in recent history, the media and academia have turned themselves into laughingstocks, it just doesn't look like anything is on a really positive trend these days. Even our IQ is dropping now, both nationally and globally, thanks to awkward applications of anti-natalism programs and mass immigration into the West.The economy is growing but there's a long term trend of stagnant wages for workers, taxes are at their highest ever, debt is out of control and millennials are the first generation ever to be less well off than their parents.  And gen Z will be the 2nd. The long term trends of the economy are not good aside from some rich people making mad bank. 

Also IQ is the single most proven psychometric in all of psychology. IQ denialism is the most egregious form of science denialism in our society and is far more pertinent to day to day life than say, the creation of the universe.High level discourse.Introverts can train themselves to be more extroverted but it's difficult and a long and slow process and that's a lot different than what you're talking about. I don' think there'd be any benefit to wildly changing the temperature, colours and sounds of your environment, and specifically I highly doubt it would be anything to make somebody more social.When I date or really like a girl I sometimes fantasize a lot over how it'd be like to start a family and raise kids with them. Also obvious lewd stuff.

I've literally never had a "save the princess" style daydream over a girl I liked. Not once.My worldview became a lot less philanthropic. I'm not necessarily a misanthrope now but I would say I'm just more grounded in reality. You can't help people who won't help themselves and efforts trying to solve some random far off problem of which you lack intimate knowledge can (and usually will) cause more harm than good. Ironically despite that being the case I'm for more philanthropic now than I was before as I'm not just an economic leech and now I actually contribute to society and donate to charities.

I became substantially happier. From a depressed wreck to a normally functioning, albeit abnormally introverted, person.

My work ethic improved substantially. 

I'm more independent, make way more money and actually have plans for my life moving forward.

I became a lot more "racist" and "sexist".

I went from being fully socially liberal and economically ignorant to Minarchist economically and a mix of Liberal and Conservative socially.

My desire to start a family increased quite a bit.

I'm far less awkward socially and I'm less reclusive.

I gained weight (from underweight to pretty much dead center on the BMI charts).

I think early adulthood is probably the hardest part of life for men in general but after the early 20s it's basically a slow and steady trickle of improvements, especially for more intelligent men. That's definitely been the case for me.I'm curious what do you mean by that specifically? 

Was it something localized at school? Personally I think public schools have become hives of atrocious social interactions that encourage bullying and beat on those that are intelligent or stand out in any positive way from the crowd.Do you mean you were just excessively manipulative?
INTJ find tend to always ask "why"I'm INFJ.

My sister is INFP, we butt heads all the time. My brothers are ESFJ and ESTJ- none of us really click. They completely don't get me. My mom is ESFJ and dad ISFJ- it's not the most ideal dynamics but my dad seems to get me weirdly enough.I am the extra odd one out. The INFP struggles to get along with most of them and often has turbulent relations with the ESTJ and ESFJ. Her and I don't get along the best but we try.Yeah for the most part. It seems ESTJ take awhile to mature and often exhibit serious control issues and difficulity in communication with other people. The ESFJ is understanding and often will make room for him to be able to grow rather than shut him down. The INFP on the other hand, often gets angry or feels disturbed by the ESTJ however both of them find one another hilarious. The ESTJ has a lot of problems with the INFP like their lifestyle, work attitude and general perception of people. The ESTJ and I are very distant though we tried to be close. He doesn't understand me and I think worries about me because of that. He does not see me similar to my INFP sister but we share similar morals, values and I use my Ti pretty heavy so that helps us get along much better.Find estj/entjs forget if they don't communicate the problem and give the cold shoulder, they're creating more problems. 2x INFP (year and a half, on and off 7 years)- Great, fun, passionate, warm, loyal, caring, considerate. The Fi vs fe vacuum happened. One of the INFPs ended up getting really manipulative but we're cool now.

Dated and lived with an ESTP- wonderful relationship. We just clicked, super fun adventures, amazing family, really good guy with great friends.

ESTJ, was decent at first, easy to talk too, shared similar beliefs and morals until I found out he was essentially a horrible person who lied about a lot of things and couldn't communicate for shit. This is a reflection on an individual and not an ESTJ.He wasn't a good representation of other Estjs. /u/flux_n_uck bb is dis tru????Is that the truth????INTPContributionESTJ short fuseIf you do a search (I'm at work so I cant)- you can find I think from Personality types some of the troubles they will come up with.  It exists! 8- )It's external. It's not, "I love you" it is, "you are loved". You are loved. I am a witness and though you are loved by me, the point being is that you're loved. You are imperfect but your imperfections are a compliment to who you are. It is a compliment to what we have created together. Who you are is accepted, is considered and is thought of. Let's become our best, together. 


Love is ageless, universal and more than who we are. You are irreplaceable. You will always be irreplaceable. 


In the event of an ending, love continues. It will always continue until the day you die. It is acknowledged as expired or sealed, like in my head I see a bottle of peaches sitting in my grandmothers basement- I will move on. I will love again. I will be happy eventually. However, I will honour our time and what we created. You will always be treasured. I want you to be unconditionally happy. 


You are loved. 


Michael Pierce was savage af with the INFP breakdown /u/flux_n_uckIt wasn't a super serious comment but a change from his neutral position. The tone used sort of struck me. Honestly, I meant the comment more aimed towards Flux lolYeah, he drew some really distinct linesHealthy body, healthy mindExactlyHonestly, pretty poorly. I wouldn't tell people it but most are pretty foggy unless it was something really special or important. A lot of the time, someones emotions are the strongest thing that can be remembered rather than the objective truth.ENFP seems very likely or esfpENTP- they literally collect facts for fun Okay, this probably won't fit in but it's funny, an ESTP girl I work with does this too- when you're talking to people you don't know and they seem at least warm enough to be called "girl/man"- shorten a nickname. Most people respond well and feel a sense of warmth for some reason. Really effective for establishing successful communication with strangers imoMy money is on tiredness or fear of confrontationINFJ/ to make a meaningful contribution When you go to make a decision and use a logical process, side stepping emotion- is a good indication you're a thinker.I fucked up and accidently clicked vegetarian. My bad.INTJ and ENTJs are a lot more interesting and engagingWould enjoy input, infj subtype intpHealer --&gt; Escape. Rather be practical and help.It's a frame, not the entire picture INFJ and ENTJ would be a really good pair, especially if both were ambitious.Try any with a heavy slant towards cognitive functions. Keys 2Cognition is a good one.Same with INFJ and istp How so?My ENFJ close friend said to me the other day, "Some people are actually just really shitty people."staaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahpTake a side step from your cause to enjoy the moment~ESTJs: If you care and if you love, let them know.Both intelligent, focused, get-things done, organized, excels in designated roles, reliable, responsible, curious, adventerous, independent, consistant growth, and enable one anothers success.

The INFJ leading with Ni will stimulate ENTJs own Ni and as long as the INFJ uses a decent amount of their thought process, the Ni+ti can come across as Te-like. This would make the ENTJ constantly engaged and stimulate their growth. If the ENTJ isn't afraid of abstract material, it would comfort the INFJ and help develop their thinking functions as well. The abscence of fe in the ENTJ, replaced with an inferior fi, would result in a good counterbalance that would help the ENTJ understand other people better without bombing the INFJ with emotional bullshit. The fe in the INFJ (provided both types are balanced) will often be accommodating, catering, loving and warm which I think (and Im not an ENTJ so I could be completely wrong) is something the ENTJ really really is drawn too. They're drawn to the warmth because in the bigger picture, makes them more successful.Tidy, clean. Simple. Everything has a place. Nice soft lighting. Champagne Christmas lights and candles during the evenings. &gt; ISFPs might have an unhealthy nature to presume certain things are definitely happening. Typically something along the lines of assuming what you're feeling/ what belief you hold/ why you're acting a certain way (and that they disagree with it)

Yes. So dead on.I get along well with other INFJs but find a lot of them are INFP, so there is a clash.No, don't find them rare in person or statistically Lmao he speaks the truth. Probably the biggest clash next to esfjs Try researching subtypes. Obviously crossing typing systems but it may offer clarity. Some types appear to lean heavier on certain functions which make them appear different than what traditional descriptions portray.Came here for the answer and mbti correlationI see you have bumped our kind down the list. No, it's cool. Didn't have feelings anyway, so really, like- don't worry about it anything cause I'm not and it's not like I'm upset about it or cried about it or anything either cause i wouldn't because i'm not upset
old school and probably popular opinion but Charizard.

fire pokemon, he is a loner, he wants to make himself better and look for bigger and bigger challenges.a friend of mine in the states told me that all mexican people she's met are infj. which I can't imagine why.

however, I'm mexican and an infj.INFJ - I love you so much and I hope you have a great day and I will be there in the morning to see if I could get a copy of the receipt for the switch and the new one is the one I was looking for a manufacturing engineer position.I'm looking for An engineering position.
Your friend sounds like an unhealthy INFJ. Poor lad.I have often wondered this myself. I am definitely a shameful subscriber of the "once bitten, twice shy" issue. It's something I'm constantly, consciously working against.Best: a mostly healthy ENTP 
Worst: an unhealthy ISTP 


If you're not sure you're probably INFP. It helps me communicate in more efficient ways with people close to me as well as acquaintances. I've said this before and I'll say it again: 

If you're not sure, you're probably INFP. "I'm sorry you feel that way." Yes.Imposter syndromeI see similarities in your comment, but of course you know yourself best. If you say it isn't like that, then it isn't. Earth. INFJs are often easily able to ground others, yet might find it a little more difficult to remain grounded themselves.Presently: Jane Foster
Final form: GaladrielINFJ: I care too much about people for their own good. INFJ here. I resemble an ENTJ in a social setting with people I don't know very well. It's a defense mechanism probably. I am the one that doesn't know anyone. That makes the INFJ naturally uneasy. To overcome this, I tend to behave similarly to an ENTJ. They don't really care about connecting to people as much as the INFJ. Instead, they might still be jovial and entertaining, flitting from group to group, keeping the conversations light, but going on a passionate rant a couple times for good measure. Correct me if I'm wrong. Thanks for the insight. My observations come from having a few ENTJ friends but by no means would I take my generalization as fact across the board. INFPINFJ Ravenclaw all the way. I agree with pretty much everything you said, minus the inefficient and poor multitasking thing. I think those have more to do with traits of an individual as opposed to the process of making a decision. Definitely Ni.One glaring difference I have noticed is INFJs consider feelings first, then logic when making a decision whereas INTJs consider logic first and then feelings. Immature INFJs do not consider logic much at all. This balances as they mature. Immature INTJs do not consider feelings much at all. This also balances as they mature. I am mostly referring to the order of a thought process in decision making. Be careful what you wish for with the self-satisfaction thing. Self doubt is almost always a’creeping within INFJs. The dreaded Ni-Ti loop can often be a one way ticket to Self Loathingsville. Engaging Fe and/or Se usually gets me out of there, but it’s tough to actualize/utilize those functions when my mind is busy with the loop. Ti doms. Ideas with clear, emotionless analysis. Swoon. 

TIL I am both envious of AND turned on by Ti doms.It’s beneficial yet exhausting for me personally. It sounds like you balance it well. I always took her for an immature INFJ. I say immature because she’s young and hasn’t learned to balance her functions yet.I like to think I’m most like a mix of Daenerys Targaryen and Holden Ford from Mindhunter. INFP - a best friend 
INFP - a best friend 
INFP - a cousin 
ENFP - a best friend 
INFJ - romantic interest

One type I consistently run into, get close to, and then have a difficult time maintaining the relationship with is INTJ. It seems they are afraid/critical of my feelings and general open-mindedness. I just don’t have the patience for it anymore. Not saying that I now ward off every INTJ. It’s just an anecdotal pattern I have become aware of. Albus Dumbledore. The older I get the more I relate to how his childlike enthusiasm manifests despite possessing great wisdom/maturity.We are the best and worst simultaneously🙃26 INFJ. I definitely have noticed that all the reasons why people didn’t like me growing up were actually my best qualities. I just needed to find better people who appreciated them.I think western public school definitely contributed to what I mean. People like mirrors but they don’t like people who are mirrors. I take this to describe the way the western world champions “individualism” so long as one is unique only in the way social mores support. I am unique in the way these social mores deem as weaknesses: introverted, considerate, respectful, kind, well spoken, appropriate aggression/assertion, etc. These are often seen as weaknesses or threats in a society like this, as they force those around us to look within themselves. In actuality some of these traits are the very attributes that great thinkers across millennia have agreed to be key to fulfillment in the human experience. In the early 20s, the desire to be an individual like everyone else trumps the desire to improve upon themselves as people until later in life. Pun intended. That’s my question too to an extent but I don’t think it’s a question I’ll ever truly know the answer to. I think the lesson here was learning to trust my intuition. To not settle with being close only to those who are abrasive, judgmental, and close minded. These are not bad people, but they are draining people. It was to know that, like me, there are people in this world who try not to let the world make them hard. It sounds more dramatic than I mean it to. I hope that makes sense. I do understand that empathy is a thing here. And it isn’t all about me or only my perspective. I think it’s hard to express or frame a well rounded perspective in comments like this :/ I’m not as doom and gloom as I seem, but it’s difficult to present such complex ideas in a way that makes sense while responding.

I spent a long time trying to put myself in other people shoes, understand why they feel the way that they feel, and I don’t hold any of it against them. They just think differently than I do and it’s okay that I don’t want to be around them sometimes.

Edit after thinking for 5 more mins: My point was aimed at growing to not worry about WHY people feel the way they do about me and just move on to others who appreciate the things I love about myself. Picking battles is important and something we young INFJs probably need to do better at. My questions: Is picking appropriate positive interactions just as important? Is this a lesson other INFJs learn in their early 20s?INFJ. Textbook Ravenclaw. Pun intended. The unhealthy INFP is myopic and has a victim mentality.Hmm that’s a good question. I feel it seems to be difficult for the unhealthy INFP to pull out of that NeFi loop of the brain thinking like “These are the details I see so that must be all there is. No need to keep analyzing or looking for details I may have missed.” It seems like an overindulgence into Fi which manifests in the mind like “I know how I feel right now—no need to make sure it’s rational or reasonable.” I’m not saying INFPs not rational or reasonable people btw but they can be when they’re unhealthy—just like the rest of us!The comment you made about him calling you a robot or heartless is what suggests in my opinion that he is probably an F Type.Insecure, immature INTJs often operate during conversation in a manner that I call the “prove it” mindset. It’s almost like anytime you raise a point or make conversation their response elicits the sense of “oh yeah? you really think that? Prove it.” It’s almost like the conversation becomes a competition. I truly do not think they realize they do this but it’s a defense mechanism most certainly. Can confirm. My mom is ISTJ and she only wears polos and oxfords. On the rare occasion she wears a t shirt...there is an open Oxford on top. Love her but she is text book ISTJ.My mother is an ISTJ who acts like this. Communication is incredibly difficult but incredibly rewarding.My best friend is an INFP. She is my favorite person because she seems to be incapable of letting life harden her. This is usually not due to naivety but faith in the idea that everything will work out alright somehow even if she can’t see how. I admire that and try to let it balance out my practical idealism.
I work out for health benefits and to feel better.B, yes, mostly past

Edit: lmao dont look at my flairThanks for the reply! After I posted I was thinking a better answer to the third questions is mostly the past in in order to predict the future.Ok goodnight
Yes, I want to see more studies linked here. This is exactly what Personality Types is meant to address, communication and understanding. The entire first half of the book reveals history's miscommunications, despite people even saying the same things in different ways. You understand her type fairly well. Imagine if you had no idea why she is the way she is. However, that doesn't mean anything anyone ever does is all ok. Adjustments to life are necessary and you're already talking about how you can adjust to her. Help her to see how you function, what matters to you. Maturity is not limited to the types, so then there's the opportunity to value each other and adjust accordingly. Extroverted intuitives are often seen as flakes, self-centered, but from their own point of view, that's not the case at all. It would be like calling others that stay with one idea too long self-centered and selfish, that's what introverts can sometimes seem to be. Just as a strong Thinking type prefers it, they will nevertheless need to stop thinking and use the feeling function at times. If not, they will have problems of maladjustment.HahahaIrrelevant, but how did you create a chart in the comment?Possibly easier to see without the gray lines on a blue background. I've also rearranged the rows so that the first and last row are opposites:

Dominant/Auxiliary|Attitude/Dom/Aux|MBTI|Opposite MBTI|Opposite by Attitude/Dom/Aux|Opposite Dom/Aux
:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:
**NF**|iNF|INFJ|ESTP|eST|**ST**
 |eNF|ENFP|ISTJ|iST
**NT**|iNT|INTJ|ESFP|eSF|**SF**
 |eNT|ENTP|ISFJ|iSF
**FN**|iFN|INFP|ESTJ|eTS|**TS**
 |eFN|ENFJ|ISTP|iTS
**FS**|iFS|ISFP|ENTJ|eTN|**TN**
 |eFS|ESFJ|INTP|iTN
**TN**|iTN|INTP|ESFJ|eFS|**FS**
 |eTN|ENTJ|ISFP|iFS
**TS**|iTS|ISTP|ENFJ|eFN|**FN**
 |eTS|ESTJ|INFP|iFN
**SF**|iSF|ISFJ|ENTP|eNT|**NT**
 |eSF|ESFP|INTJ|iNT 
**ST**|iST|ISTJ|ENFP|eNF|**NF**
 |eST|ESTP|INFJ|iNF

I believe there must be a visual representation of these that elucidates visible patterns. I believe the best possibility would be a circle with a cross in the middle that extends beyond the circle. A basic version of this has already been shown by Jung. Inside the circumference is the introvert and outside the extravert. The cross is of two lines at right angles. One line is the irrational Perception line with one end representing Sensing and the opposite end Intuition. Likewise, the other line would be the rational Judging line, with Feeling and Thinking at opposite ends. The dominant function would be at the top. The Auxiliary function would be slightly higher than it's opposite, like a ping-pong ball floating on water. The Dominant would then be slightly not at the top, the auxiliary just above the water, the 3rd function opposite the auxiliary just beneath the water, and the inferior function in the water, the unconscious.

Images via /PaladinXT
[Image 1](http://imgur.com/kgGkw8O)
[Image 2](http://imgur.com/B93DHKC)Most written material discusses the dominant function, what it is, how the person behaves, etc. The book *Was that Really Me?* instead reveals how each type behaves when very stressed. Often people express their inferior function in negative, primitive ways. The difference is most discuss the dominant function, not the opposite and inferior function. I think it's a good way to narrow the field from both ends, the dominant and inferior. Oh, and you can search the book title and type you're curious about and find the chapter for each type online at the Personality Cafe.Carl Jung said the most difficult to understand are people with the opposite *attitude* yet the same function, not as is usually believed, the opposite function. For example, if one's type is INxJ, then it would be ENxP. If the pair manages to overcome the communication hurdle, it can be a very fruitful relationship. Here's a list:

Opposite|Attitude
:-:|:-:
INxJ|ENxP
ISxJ|ESxP
INxP|ENxJ
ISxP|ESxJ

EDIT: FormattingYes, that's maturity. Immaturity leads to "getting on each other's nerves" among other possible reactions. At least, that seems to be my understanding right now. One of my closest long time friends is an ENTP. Great conversations, but I've never felt I understood their world view or perspective. In a romantic relationship, another ENTP if tests are to be trusted, we had serious misunderstandings that I believe come from not understanding innately or in a deeper sense, what each partner thought or felt or believed. I'm still trying to understand.I don't know, so I can't answer your question. I was surprised by the statement myself as one of my lifelong best friends with whom I have great conversations, and another ex too, were both ENTPs. However, I can say with certainty that I never felt I truly got their point of view. I could be completely rational, they could agree that I said something reasonable, yet disagree, saying they'd have to figure out why, but later. Sometimes this would be irritating or plain mysterious to me. 

In his book *Psychological Types* Jung spends the majority of the book looking at historical attempts of typing personalities, but the main point of contention or disagreements throughout history have been Introverted vs Extraverted. It is a fundamental difference. For example, an extraverted Thinker considers an idea as would an introvert, they can say many of the same things about it, but an extravert gets the idea from objective facts and after thinking concludes with further objective facts. An introverted thinker will begin with the subject, go to the idea, and return to the subject. Somehow this difference is all the difference. He said often the two attitudes could be saying the same things if only they could understand each other.Welcome to the Personality Types as seen by MBTI that makes the 4 letter system somewhat confusing. INTP and ENTP are more different than only the first letter indicates, it's not simply a difference of I vs E. The problem stems from the last letter. *In MBTI the last letter refers to the dominant extraverted function.* For the INTP, the first *extraverted* function is N, because iNtuition is a Perceiving function. But because an INTP is an *introvert*, their dominant *extraverted* function is not their dominant overall function, namely an *introverted* function. Because their dominant overall function can't be P, it must be the other one, Thinking. 

However, for an ENTP the *extraverted* function is also its overall dominant function. P means N is the *extraverted* function and because they're an *extraverted* type, the *extraverted* function is also their *dominant* function. 

So, for an ENTP, the dominant function is N, and for an INTP, the dominant is T. So, it's not just I vs E, but also N vs T.

[Here's a much simpler system](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jung/comments/4w8xcu/a_table_of_the_personality_types_simpler_and/) that uses only the dominant and auxiliary functions in order. See the second chart with the MBTI functions listed in the middle. Look at ENTP, the fourth type down. To its right is ISFJ. That is its opposite in both function and attitude. Attitude is the first letter, I or E. Above the ENTP is INTJ. Both are NT, meaning N is dominant, T is auxiliary, because written order implies dominant function. Only the attitude is opposite, I vs E, but the functions are the same.

Look for the INTP. It is dominant T, auxiliary N. The extraverted type of the same functions is ENTJ. 

I believe it's always good to go to the source. Whatever has been added to the personality types understanding, all are still only adding to what is far more thorough in the source material. Carl Jung developed the typology and his book *Personality Types* is the authoritative material. An older version is [available online](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types), though there is a slightly updated version in print form. I learned far more in one reading of it than years of material elsewhere.I've had 3 ENTP friends all of whom only took the test after some persuasion and all had a healthy dose of skepticism and not giving a damn.Have you watched David Lynch films, like Twin Peaks, Mulholland Drive, Lost Highway, etc.? Either way, a [good short video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mhwQdV2iYQ) on his films' relation to the subconscious is the context I want to speak in. The key idea is that *anything* can come out of the unconscious of *anyone*. I know I have good and evil in me, despite my philosophy of life being one of wholeness and all duality is an illusion of perspective that advances in the dynamic experience between opposites. It's no wonder cruelty, violence, and selfishness exists as anyone could find themselves becoming what they never expected, or becoming exactly what they expected. Because under the surface of their persona, their consciousness, lies any wild instinct, I have with age learned to look deeper than the surface for motives others are not conscious of or are to a degree at least aware of. In my youth I had not this sense, this cynicism. Yet, I also intuit the potential beauty possible, not in others necessarily, but in myself, that's Ni, and by universality, in the human condition. In my less controlled state, I'll say bluntly what truth I imagine is or could be so, making me sound somewhat stupid and narrow-minded. But I can likewise lose my way in the limitless possibilities, so I have to make some kind of structure, of form, to be able to stand, or else become lost in the wilderness. However, I recognize that in my life my cynicism is likely a consequence of anxiety due to becoming an independent adult with frailties and lack of mastery and therefore confidence. With maturity I have tempered the cynicism. I imagine that in time, I'll likely be able to almost if not entirely let go of or endure gracefully the causes of cynicism and counter it with compassion. But that requires experience and real effort to mature. What is the worth of your contribution?I was replying to mashmysmash. I do think your insight is interesting. And I agree that value would have been a better word.According to Carl Jung, the opposite attitude. Attitude is I/E, the functions are all the other letters, S/N, F/T. In this case, that's not an INFP, which is neither an opposite attitude with the same functions nor opposite functions, and it's not the opposite function either xSyJ. The opposite attitude of an ENxP is INxJ. The challenge is communication. If mishandled, the relationship is doomed, but if successful both partners can grow well. 

Read Jung's *Psychological Types*. If you want to be academic, always go to the source. The difference between MBTI including all the other derivatives and Jung is huge! There is very much more to this than the types too. The majority of Jung's work consists of symbols. The symbol of the Self is a mandala. Mandalas have a four-fold structure, like a square or cross. This is often related to the four functions. You will never hear any of this from any of the derivative typologies. Also, there is nothing in Jung that I can find to prove that the function stack is as is often represented in MBTI, e.g. INFJ means NiFeTiSe, rather there is a conscious function ready to use at will, the auxiliary that may be conscious but not as much as the primary function, and the inferior is always unconscious or never used at will, or it will be primitive, but it will be opposite attitude, e.g. INFJ could mean NiFiTeSe, or NiFeTeSe, or NiFiTiSe, because what is not conscious is projected.Try reading the source, *[Psychological Types](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types)* by Carl Jung. It's very dense. A single sentence may imply what otherwise would be a whole chapter as in the following approach to recognize yourself at your worst by reading *Was That Really Me?*. Search for this title and ISTP, the entire chapter will be on the site Personality Cafe.According to Carl Jung the opposite attitudes with the same dominant function are the best for potential growth.

Citation: Collected Works of C G Jung, Vol 07, Two Essays in Analytical Psychology, p. 55ff
&gt; It has come to light on closer investigation that either type has a predilection to marry its opposite, each being unconsciously complementary to the other. The reflective nature of the introvert causes him always to think and consider before acting. This naturally makes him slow to act. His shyness and distrust of things induce hesitation, and so he always has difficulty in adapting to the external world. Conversely the extravert has a positive relation to things. He is, so to speak, attracted to them. New, unknown situations fascinate him. In order to make closer acquaintance with the unknown he will jump into it with both feet. As a rule he acts first and thinks afterwards. Thus his action is swift, subject to no misgivings and hesitations. The two types therefore seem created for a symbiosis. The one takes care of reflection and the other sees to the initiative and practical action. When the two types marry they may effect an ideal union.

Opposite type and opposite attitude will have trouble, e.g. introverted intuition and extroverted sensation: C. G. Jung Speaking, p. 312 ([p. 169 at this link](https://issuu.com/hunabkuproductions/docs/c-g-jung-speaking-interviews-and-encounters)).

Psychological Types, Appendix, p. 517-8
&gt; ...it is not surprising that the two types often come into conflict. This does not, however, prevent most men from marrying women of the opposite type. Such marriages are very valuable as psychological symbioses so long as the partners do not attempt a mutual "psychological" understanding. But this phase of understanding belongs to the normal development of every marriage provided the partners have the necessary leisure or the necessary urge to development–though even if both these are present real courage is needed to risk a rupture of the marital peace. In favourable circumstances this phase enters automatically into the lives of both types, for the reason that each type is an example of one-sided development. The one develops only external relations and neglects the inner; the other develops inwardly but remains outwardly at a standstill. In time the need arises for the individual to develop what has been neglected. The development takes the form of a differentiation of certain functions...

In other words, the extreme opposite is too different, e.g. IxFP with ExTJ, but the same function type with the opposite attitude is potentially ideal, e.g. IxFP with ExFJ.I've added it above. 

EDIT: Hehe, I knew when I first posted I might get called out on citing this, worried I wouldn't be able to find it.Mods said the spam filter removed my comment. It should be back up.

You’re right that some of these passages do not go so far as to state functions of the same type with opposite attitude, but merely opposite attitude. However, you seem to have done a similar mistake when you said 
&gt; In his works when he uses "Opposite types" he always speaks of duality (e.g. Ni vs Se). Here he calls them complementary.
&gt; &gt; Psychological Types, Appendix, p. 517-8
&gt; &gt; &gt; ...it is not surprising that the two types often come into conflict.

because he does not mention functions in this passage quoted, nor before it. The context is limited to the attitudes. But, as you said, that opposites attract is uncontroversial.

I am happy you found the von Franz quote. 

You have caught me at my game, I had a hunch and looked for evidence. My thought process began with the MBTI fascination that opposite attitude &amp; function types are complementary as it seems a stretch. I have not found reason within Jung’s work to conclude so much. And maybe functions played a role, but not necessarily the most important role, that of dominant to inferior, e.g. Ni and Se. Maybe because Jung said that people too similar or too different do not work well together, not sure of citation maybe an interview, and considering that he often illustrated the difference of understanding between attitudes and much less if ever misunderstanding due to function difference. In between the extremes we find the known attraction of opposite attitudes yet a common function. MBTI and others seem much more fascinated by oppositete functions.

The article you linked is fascinating, all of it new to me. But it’s long, so I’ll need some time to digest it. 

You mentioned “duals”. Is that from a derived system of Jung’s typology, like Socionics? I’m vaguely familiar with these, but haven’t read any books. It’s hard enough for me to appreciate Jung! But with a good reference, I would read it.Please point to something specific. Is there a book and page you can refer to? I prefer to discuss this.You say nothing specific about Jung's writing, you dismiss Jung. State the problem specifically. For example, what is intuition? What is intuition if it's extraverted and oriented toward objects of experience? What is intuition if introverted and oriented toward the subject of experience? What exactly is one perceiving, if it's to be a function of perception? It would be an incomplete analysis without the supposedly opposite function of sensation. Same questions. In other words, do more than give your opinion, because in my opinion, you have failed to understand Jung, more specifically, you have failed to state any specific problem, other than your own problem of comprehension, but conflated it to include Jung's comprehension of psychology. There are no principles to be derived from Jung's work? Nothing concrete to be tested? Nor proven logically consistent or inconsistent? The burden of evidence is *not* on the person dismissing a prolific psychiatrists/psychologists work as if the many professionals that recognize at least some validity are not as intelligent as OP? Jung's entire body of medical experience, writings, and lectures are not evidence? And yet OP can simply disagree and now *I* have to argue against vague claims by OP that amount to nothing more than a diatribe of opinions based on OP's inability to validate Jung? Socrates said over two thousand years ago that no one can be so wrong they say nothing true. One would need to be far too intelligent to do so.

How about we begin with the simple testable propositions that people have consciousness? And likewise are unconscious of much in their mind or psyche? Do we agree that people have thoughts and feelings and dreams? How much in agreement are we that thoughts and feelings are rational functions of consciousness? What shall we name perceptive functions of consciousness? Do we have better terms than sensations via the body? What of those more elusive functions of consciousness that bare out their perceptive validity but are not via the physical senses? I tried to respond by paragraph, so had to add the ...

&gt; When I first discovered MBTI in school, I took the test =&gt; ENTP and all was good. I typically used MBTI as a source for ideas for 'personality experiments', I would try on what it says I am, and decide whether I like it or not and note how other people reacted to me. After enough experimenting, I realized that I'm not that extroverted, so I changed it to INTP thinking it would fit better...

ENTP and INTP are more different than merely I/E. The dominant function of an ENTP is N for INTP it is T. It is easier to note one's dominant function than I vs E. Functions develop with use. For example, I am likely an INFJ, yet sometimes after talking to people they tell me I must be an extravert, because for the duration of our time I relate quite well, or I've been assumed to be a really heady Thinking type. Typology does not mean we do not use different functions and change our attitudes, it merely means some functions are more developed, that is, there is more discernment with its use and therefore more consciousness.

&gt; After some discussion, I got the idea that personality types must be subjective...

If you struggled to type people, I would at first be impressed by your honesty. I'm always sceptical about those that believe they can type people easily. If Jung found it a difficult task despite years of analytical experience, I'd assume it'd be all the more difficult for the rest of us. However, people do not need to be *fake* because their behavior changed. Changing the function used to be most appropriate for the given circumstance is the sign of a developed personality. For example, if one is studying a mathematical problem, evaluating via feeling whether one wants to do it should occur prior to the attempt at its solution, for the solution requires thinking. However, either an introvert or extravert will solve it, likewise, either can evaluate whether to solve it, though the standards are different.

&gt; People can be smart or stupid, they conform to social norms or not, some are emotional and impulsive or rigid and analytical - but none of these traits really fit with MBTI dichotomies, and even such traits are highly dynamic. It's much easier to just say that someone is emotional than to say they are a Feeler (if that's even what people decide a feeler is...). Taking this a bit further down the rabbit hole; if we look at cognitive functions, how do you even differentiate functions like Fe and Fi?...

I believe you're correct that intelligence is not part of the MBTI typology. There is a distinction between emotions and feeling. The former is unconscious in so far as it is not directed by conscious will, the latter is. You could describe someone with both Fe and Fi, but one would be conscious, the other unconscious. It's important to keep in mind the major premise of typology, these are tendencies, but in general, there is a predominant tendency.

&gt; I get that some people are just robots (like me :D)...

Can you clarify what is unsatisfactory about the definition of thinking and feeling? And what definition is disproved? It's curious, because I doubt you're denying people have thoughts and feelings. Does it seem like a definition of feeling is really too similar to the definition of thinking?

&gt; I also think the whole E/I debacle is a submerged iceberg of meaningless shenanigans...

I/E is much more difficult to determine than most seem to acknowledge. A look at almost any MBTI book or community like this one and we find a predominant focus on functions, though the more challenging is to discover I or E. That distinctive difference is elusive. Two thinkers could both be discussing a deeply complicated problem, even saying much the same things, yet continue to disagree. The main difference, and I freely admit this is vague, is that as Jung said, the extravert begins with the object, in the process of thinking includes the subject, and returns to the object. The introvert begins with the subject (not the ego), includes the object, and concludes with the subject. But that elusive subtle difference is lost most times. And both parties think the other is extremely backwards. This would be something I'd like to read more about, with specific examples. Again, I/E is far more difficult to recognize than the functions. MBTI does a terrible disservice by suggesting it's as easy as testing for the 8 function/attitudes and just categorizing people with only a modicum of analysis.

&gt; At one point I thought I'd find the answers in Jung, so I scoured what he wrote extremely carefully...

Wow! Fraud? He obscures the lack of substance in his writing? He wrote to appeal to bias, emotions, sense of wonder, and the mysterious? How much of Jung have you studied? It would be a monumental task to write so much yet be so phenomenally wrong. Moreover, many recognize what he's saying as a modern version of all the spiritual writings around the world. Do not be so quick to dismiss so much with such ease!

&gt; I think half of what we think of as personality type, is simply a caricature of common behaviors...

I very much agree with this sentiment. But, I'd rather see people curious to discover some understanding than not. There at least is an effort toward growth.

&gt; The final nail in my coffin: What people think of as sensors may actually be in some cases be a difference in levels of intelligence. Think of all of the people you have typed S, I bet there is a subset of those people who are simply in that category because they lack big picture understanding...

I bet this happens, hence the awe at intuitives or anytime someone is intelligent they must be thinkers.

&gt; There are many people who percieve implications much more easily than others...

That is a problem of people, not Jung or the typology.

&gt; I do not think any of the MBTI traits exist.

You're losing your thread here. I doubt you deny the existence of sense perception, thinking, or feeling. 
As a scientist Jung obtains evidence from patients, identifies problems and themes, projects possible meaning, applies these, and sometimes succeeds. He relates this knowledge through his work. Therefore, his work is riddled with evidence, much as a mathematician's book is filled with proofs that to a mathematician is evidence. That does not make it incontrovertible. But it is just as foolish to dismiss it as baseless.

The history of science in the last few centuries has been dominated by reductionism to matter. It's Jung's terminology, a very extraverted venture. I would be more than surprised if Chomsky or Pinker or neurologists did much of anything regarding Jung. Calling me a desparate baby? Please, stop.

What theory am I advocating? The theory of Personality Types? Jung advocates it just fine. If a skeptic has a specific problem, they may state their problem. One of the stated problems OP mentioned is that the definitions are vague and provably wrong. I asked for something specific, like definitions and proofs. Did you see something I missed? And relating his own experience of using MBTI unsuccessfully does not a skeptic make. Well, I'm perfectly satisfied that you're dissatisfied. I am satisfied with Jung's work and find much of value. Nevertheless, I think we can both agree that a huuuuuge amount of work remains to be done. I've imagined one of the best ways to type people is if everyone were connected to some kind of AI that can recognize much that people do, identify it by some definition, and types of some kind would emerge.

I had to read some Derrida and it was the strangest experience, it felt like screaming, like the author was hysterically screaming and I had no more patience to continue reading. It was the one book that I would not finish despite my teacher's class.Sounds like a classic case of E not getting what I is doing. Imagine a ball, instead of words, extraverts want to toss the ball and have it tossed back. It's fun! It's life! And because that's how they play, when an introvert stalls for even a moment, the extravert wonders, hey, don't you want to play? What's wrong? They don't understand, at least easily or well, that the introvert almost always takes a moment to confer with their self. In other words, extraverts tend to respond to an object of experience quickly, immediately. They're good at it because they've always done so. Object &gt; Response. But that moment introverts go in, then respond. Object &gt; Subject &gt;Response. That brief moment is unfamiliar to extraverts, in general. Unfortunately, skeptical or immature or paranoid extraverts will project something bad into the introvert. "They're creepy! Weird! I bet they could be a serial killer!" Haha. I vs E is the crux of most issues, not the functions so much. You may need to sit them down and seriously consider that the other may have some good qualities and at the very least trust that these are good. He's not a caveman, and he's not a ____ . That means let judgements rest and be nothing but open-minded! That is the beginning of getting to know one another.Minor response: The dominant function of an ESTP is S, of INTP it's T. They share Ti, maybe, but that's a minor point of contact.I believe so. You may be right, I know little about it. I only wanted to point out their dominant functions.I'd like to find some source material on this. I find the MBTI system confusing in this regard, e.g.

* the J in IxyJ means the dominant function is S/N, a *perceiving* function!
* but for ExyJ the dominant function T/F *is* the *judging* function

* the P in IxyP means the dominant function is T/F, a *judging* function!
* but for ExyP the dominant function S/N *is* the *perceiving* function

For extraverts that's straight-forward, but for introverts it's backwards. Why? Because MBTI makes J/P mean the first *extraverted* function. But we talk about J/P as if it would mean the same thing for both I/E. So, is there something to back this up? I'd be particularly interested if Jung said something regarding this.Who's the author of the "classic" example? How can we be sure we know what we're talking about if P/J doesn't mean  dominant function? For example, if an IxyP has a dominant function of T/F, how can they be considered Perceivers if their main function is a rational, judging function, with the irrational perceiving auxiliary function supporting the dominant function?How do I not know this? Are you trying to be rude? Did I seem rude? I hope not, I'm keenly interested in this and though the www is supposed to have everything online available, it's difficult to find the needle in the haystack of repeated information. I'm asking for some background, not simply whether Isabel Briggs Myers decided to label it so. Even though I dislike appealing to authority, because if an idea is sound, it is sound regardless, but she was not a psychiatrist or psychologist nor did she have extensive experience with analyzing patients, so far as I can find, except for this occasion:

&gt; In 1945, the dean of the George Washington School of Medicine allowed Briggs Myers and Cook Briggs to apply the MBTI to first-year undergraduates. This included about 5,500 students and Briggs Myers studied it for years by looking at patterns among dropouts and successful students.

But that's not really a problem for me, as I said, a sound idea is sound, but I wonder if in this case it really is so, for the following reasons. As I understand, Carl Jung did not explicitly limit introverts' ability to use functions in the extroverted sense to the auxiliary function. There is no reason that an introvert could not consciously will to use their dominant function toward objects of experience (extraversion) though they might not be as developed. Suppose, an ISFP, with dominant Feeling, were to need to use feeling toward another person. Do they *appear* to be using sensing and therefore are shown as Perceiving? But the functions don't "show" themselves, as [the Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myers%E2%80%93Briggs_Type_Indicator#Lifestyle_preferences:_judging.2Fperception) describes. The definition of using a function is to do so consciously, with a degree of will, fully if it's dominant. To determine what was consciously willed requires analysis with the person. Functions don't appear outwardly. 

A secondary reason I am not convinced J/P adds anything meaningful is also from another [Wikipedia article](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator#Dealing_with_others:_judging_.2F_perceiving):

&gt; The last measure is of judging (J) and perceiving (P). Judging and perceiving detail how people deal with the outside world. A person who likes Judging tends to report that they use Thinking or feeling to deal with the outside world. A person who likes perceiving tends to report that they use sensing or intuition to deal with the outside world.

This is nonsense. If a person likes using their thinking or feeling to deal with the outside world, then it's redundant, a tautology even, to say they like using Judging, because Judging *is* the rational function, whether it's feeling or thinking. It's replaces the meaning of T/F with a word to refer to either T or F, without saying T or F. An ESFP's dominant function *is* a Perceiving function. The P is unnecessary.

So, is there a logical reason to deduce that Judging or Perceiving *must* follow from being and IxyZ? Because for the extravert there's no new information if one already knows their dominant function. Did Carl Jung say this in any way? If so, I'd like to know the source. He wrote *so much*, that any help would be appreciated in finding little nuggets. Or is there other observable evidence made by someone with a certain authority, or by a kind of statistical analysis.

I may be wrong, so I'll continue to look into this and read more about it. After all, MBTI is basically based on the last section of Chapter 10 of Jung's *Psychological Types*, otherwise it would have been little more than a chart that he didn't print. I'm referring to the section that discusses too briefly the auxiliary function.
The whole point of this post *is* that sensors describe their experience here themselves. The purpose of my title's inclusion of the descriptors ISxJ &amp; ESxP acknowledges that these are different types of sensing. Are you a sensor? If so, try to describe it. I think saying sensing is painting and sports misses the point of my request and reduces the quality of sensing to behaviors. Functions are not as simple as looking at behaviors, for the same reasons that any type can be a philosopher (this is not a field limited to thinkers), any type can have empathy (again, not limited to feelers), etc.I should have been clearer that I meant painting and sports are observable behaviors. Moreover, painting is not a Sensor domain just as much as computer programming is not a thinking domain, nor am I a counselor despite being an INFJ. In any case, labels aren't descriptions of the *experience* of using the dominant function at will and consciously. Again, using a function at will and consciously is a defining feature of the dominant function. My last paragraph is not objectively observable, it is my subjective experience of what I experience as sensation, with the concomitant understanding that it is not by conscious will as I am not a dominant sensing type. It is my attempt to describe and meant to serve as a model, in case my questions needed an example for anyone wondering how to start describing their experience. Obviously it is *my intuitive* description. 

I want a sensors description and because I am asking for it, the implication is rather explicit, their description would likely be quite different than my experience or description. So I don't see you challenging my question, because what you seem to point out are the very reasons I am asking for someone *else's* description. And I am asking for types with Sensing as their dominant function, not auxiliary, tertiary, nor inferior.

I want to reconsider what you're saying. Because I believe you are right that sensors just do. Intuitives do their perceiving likewise, that is, they just do. It's odd, because Jung says both that the perceiving functions are not necessarily totally under conscious control, yet at the same time a dominant function is conscious and used at will. That I'm still trying to understand as it seems contradictory.

Thank you for pointing out that ESXPs and ISXJs use different types of sensing, it's a good point.

Beautiful description. Were you influenced by my description or is this basically your own expression. I find it fascinating! I believe I was reading somewhere online that sensors build upon their sense impressions, like a structure, relating and growing. Your description reminded me of it too. What's your type? Do you mean you notice very many details, textural and such? What about types of details, like say, is it usually in relation to people? Whenever I'm in public I notice that I and it seems others pay attention to other people above all. Is it like a detective, I mean, do you infer things about people, or is it mostly impressions, and you build what you may of these? Or do you also notice all kinds of things, like flowers, colors, sounds? If so, again, does it relate to people mostly, or does your attention wander to nature? Do you relate impressions to yourself or your life, the past? Often or only sometimes?Yes, I read of a story of an intuitive driving in a car with someone, maybe a sensing, and they suddenly said it smells like something's burning. They stop the car, look all around trying to figure out what the source, then finally realize it's a fire nearby that the passenger had noticed 20 minutes before! 

I was going to say Sherlock Holmes. The BBC version with Benedict Cumberbatch as Holmes appears just like that, noticing all manner of details and inferring therefrom.

I really like how the sense impressions create a vivid world for you. There are times I feel very alive in my senses, but even then it seems as if I'm only scratching the surface of possible sense perceptions.

The way you describe being in air at the restaurant, I imagine all the sounds and scents, reminds me of how I feel when my mind is filled with some mental impression that consumes me and I wish I could share it – but not body related, my body is there, part of it, but like an anchor, holding it all to the present.No idea, and I won't cheat by searching for it. Reminds me of the Ip Man movie, but I doubt that's it.What? I was going to say Bruce Lee, but Professor Yip threw me off!Try reading the source, *Psychological Types*, chapter 10, by Carl Jung. He gives his own descriptions of each dominant type and it's very good. Also try this, search for "was that really me [and whatever type you're considering]", that chapter will be available on Personality Cafe. It'll cover what that type does and how when mildly and seriously stressed. Both are a very good read.Go past MBTI to Jung. He relates the functions to much more than just the functions. The four functions relate to the mandala, a symbol of the self with 4 directions, sides, the square, the cross, etc. The self, the mandala is a symbol of a fifth function, the transcendent function that spontaneously arises from the unconscious integrating the conscious and unconscious and therefore the 4 functions. We're in kindergarten here, the quizzes and tests, blogs, and mini-insights are like classtime and playtime. Typology helps communication, so if you've got that down, then yes, there's more to discover about ourselves, in dreams, imagination, creativity, archetypes, and synchronicity, and there's a whole lot of interesting stuff that can happen here and if you notice it, it is about and for *you*. The gold is in there, but you're right, you won't find it here. I do find value in this community though, because each type comes and speaks from their perspective and it's more than I can sometimes get from people I meet elsewhere. Have you read Carl Jung? I'd be happy to talk about it more and suggest books beyond his *Psychological Types*.The best introduction is Jung's [*Man and His Symbols* available on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIz5P3zketE), intended for public audiences. Unfortunately, the best version is out of print, the big hardcover filled with photos.

After that, I am not sure what's best and I know there are others at /r/Jung, like /u/JimJamz11 that would probably have a clearer sense. *Two Essays on Analytical Psychology* is another good place to begin. After that, I don't know, because I read in no particular order. Some people will say the *Red Book* is amazing and though I was impressed, I found it too much too soon. There's no point in reading something seemingly amazing if it leaves you in a stupor. Maybe after I read it again with more familiarity I'll be able to appreciate it better. 

A very interesting book is his autobiography, [*Memories, Dreams, Reflections*, also available on YouTube.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bi3ZZM1OkWY)
Hahaha!I have not read any of the following linked results, but for a brief scan. I mostly want to simply bring awareness to these and maybe someone will find a few good articles to share. It's unfortunate that academics are still medieval when it comes to sharing knowledge, or one could say fully fashionably modern and capitalistic. Here are a few results:

* [The Relationship of Psychological Type to Political Self-Perceptions, Political Opinions, and Political Party Membership](http://www.politicaltypes.com/articles/JPT_Vol67_0307.pdf)
* [Linking Psychological Type to Financial Decision-Making](https://afcpe.org/assets/pdf/vol1412.pdf)
* [The Dark Side of the MBTI: Psychological Type and
Interpersonal Derailers](http://file.scirp.org/pdf/PSYCH_2014022709193710.pdf)
* [Psychological Type and Burnout in Social Service
Managers: Jungian Theory Reconsidered](http://www.psyencelab.com/uploads/5/4/6/5/54658091/psych_type_and_soci_mngr_burnout.pdf)
* [Psychological Type of
Person-Centered
Counselors](http://prx.sagepub.com/content/118/1/128.full.pdf)
* [The effect of personality type
on team performance](https://sharepoint.louisville.edu/sites/sphis/tlr/Shared%20Documents/Personality%20Type%20Team%20Performance.pdf)
* [Coaching Teachers for Change: Using the Concepts
of Psychological Type to Reframe Teacher Resistance](http://www.linkedtoexcellence.co/upload/JPT-article-Kise.pdf)
* [Note: This is an automatic download of a pdf file: Applications of the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator in Engineering and Technology Education--Part II](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=50&amp;ved=0ahUKEwihvZba3rfQAhWlhFQKHUwJDJc4KBAWCF0wCQ&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fpeer.asee.org%2Fapplications-of-the-myers-briggs-type-indicator-in-engineering-and-technology-education-part-ii.pdf&amp;usg=AFQjCNGPiaJPiP8kOEX7nsqiGydl6yLBWA&amp;sig2=RAvIsVDYbndSWJD7was6dw&amp;bvm=bv.139250283,d.cGw&amp;cad=rja)


The following search results use some additional terms and some take out "journal of":

* [An Empirical Investigation of Jung's Psychological Types and Personality Disorder Features](http://www.uccs.edu/Documents/dsegal/An-empirical-investigation-Jungs-types-and-PD-features-JPT-2.pdf)
* [Attraction, Satisfaction, and
Psychological Types of Couples](https://www.capt.org/jpt/pdfFiles/Marioles_N_et_al_Vol_36_16_27.pdf)
* [THE INTEGRATION
of the
MYERS AND BRIGGS TYPE INDICATOR
in a
MARRIAGE COUNSELLING APPROACH](http://uir.unisa.ac.za/bitstream/handle/10500/1258/thesis.pdf)
* Relationship between Personality Type and Attachment Style with
Happiness - Link is http://jlsb.science-line.com/attachments/article/31/J.%20Life%20Sci.%20Biomed.%204(5)%20388-394,%202014.pdf
* [An Examination of the Relationship Between
Personality Type and Cognitive Style](http://www.cpsb.com/research/articles/problem-solving-style/Relationship-Type-Style.pdf)Sweet! I started at CAPT and couldn't find a way to access the articles so began to search.Where are the experts? This is one of the most interesting questions and right along the line Jung spoke of in his book *Psychological Types* that MBTI is almost entirely based on. For each type he named what results from extremes of each type, but using terms of his time. We really need experts in this sub, it's a damn shame that the world over we have so few here, unlike the /science subs with their regular expert contributions.One major confusion for me, and others as can be deduced from repeated posts concerning this (1. see below), is the meaning of J/P. For years I felt comfortable understanding my own type, but at certain times if reading about other types, I came to wonder what J/P means. For example, for me, an INFJ, the J suggests my type is predominantly Judging. Why would I be Judging if my dominant function is iNtuition, a perceptive function? It was simply one tiny sentence that is rarely mentioned, but can be found briefly on an MBTI website or wiki, that J/P refers to the dominant function *others* see in you, that is, your *extraverted* function! So, though iNtuition is *my* dominant function, being an introvert, *others* don't see this, they see my first *extraverted* function Feeling, a Judging function!

That's not the end though. For all introverts, it's the auxiliary function that is *extraverted* function as *seen by others*, but not for extraverts. Their dominant function *is* the function *others see*, e.g. ENFJ means F is dominant *and* the extraverted function others see. Ugh.

Then you get the function stacks, the alternation of introvert &amp; extravert, e.g. NiFeTiSe. Well, in college I learned the value of going to the source of a theory, or at least one of the most established, and Carl Jung, the source and most established source of the theory of personality types wrote *Personality Types*. There, J/P is *not used* as the extraverted function, but simply refers to T/F as rational, judging and N/S as irrational, perceiving functions. J/P are *not functions*. Furthermore, there is *nothing* in Jung's work to suggest the functions alternate in the way MBTI suggests. He simply states that one's conscious function attitude is opposite one's *unconscious* function attitude. However, he does not delineate the unconscious to be immediately after the dominant or even the auxiliary function, except that the inferior is unconscious. Therefore, the inferior will have the opposite attitude, but the auxiliary and tertiary may not necessarily be alternating in attitude. This means my type could be any of the following: NiFiTiSe, NiFiTeSe, NiFeTeSe. There is speculation that in rare cases one may be NiFiTiSi, or even NeFeTeSe, but these all get into the state of the evolving consciousness; see the Transcendent 5th function.

A simpler system of typing would be to eliminate J/P, because J *is* F/T and P *is* S/N, and write the two main functions *in order* of developed discrimination or preference. In my case, INFJ would be iNF, an INFP would be iFN because F is dominant and N is auxiliary. An ESTJ would be eTS, and an ESTP would be eST. [Here's a chart.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Jung/comments/4w8xcu/a_table_of_the_personality_types_simpler_and/)

1) such as, "Am I INFP or ENFP" or "I was ENTJ, but maybe I'm INTJ". Can one simply change from INFP to ENFP by changing I to E? No, because the difference entails *more* than I vs E, but also the *dominant* function. The dominant function of an INFP is F, the dominant of the ENFP is N. So to change from INFP to ENFP means changing *both* I to E *and* F to N. Little things like this are implied and *every few days* someone asks here about their type with a change in *one* letter as if that's the *only* change needed. This is solely due to the J/P misunderstanding as an extraverted function and how it appears differently for introverts and extraverts.

Were one to use the proposed system, instead of INFP to ENFP, one would write, iNF to eFN. Immediately it is clear that *two* letters have changed. Practically this means one has to consider whether one really is introverted or extraverted *and* whether one has changed their *dominant* function. We usually don't see these posts, though it does occur.

EDIT: Additional comment based on this thread. One can maintain the MBTI use of letters *and* include the *order of preference*. Here's some examples, the dominant function of an INFJ is N, and of INFP is F, rewrite these as INFJ and IFNP, respectively. Some more:

ESTP &gt; ESTP

ESTJ &gt; ETSJ

That's it! That simple.I agree that it's surface in that underlying both versions either is logical. In mathematics there is sometimes the discussion of which proof is more beautiful or elegant. Is it the simple proof or the complex? The one with fewer, simpler, or less doubtful axioms? How relevant is Occam's razor? I believe that's what this comes down to. The only addition the alternative requires is understanding the *order* of letters as most discriminated or developed to next most. Something quite common in mathematics too and really as simple as counting or valuation. In this sense, I argue that the J/P letters add multiple reasons *against its use*, 1) it's redundant because by definition T/F are Judging functions and S/N perceiving functions, 2) it slightly means something different for extraverts and introverts, as introverts need to always deduce that J/P refers to their auxiliary function, but to extraverts it's of no consequence as their dominant function *is* their extraverted function, adding nothing but an extra letter, 3) the confusion of misunderstanding 2) that is avoided by the simplicity of dropping the J/P letter entirely in favor of a preference order. I took a look at http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics/judging-or-perceiving.htm and their description of J/P is limited how one uses ones functions in the world, that is, externally, or in the extraverted sense. It even clarifies that it does *not* mean J/P as a dominant function, or in their words, "inside". So your use is accurate according to MBTI. It just occured to me that one could combine my suggestion of an order of functions in terms of preference and keep the J/P, for example, if ENFP means that N is dominant, nothing changes, but if one is an INFP with F dominant, one could write IFNP. Same thing, but the order immediately reveals dominant and if reveals additional information, it still does so. So, thank you for bringing me to this cross-road!You're onto something. Extraverts get their bearing and morality from the world. If everyone says A is good, then A is good. And if A becomes bad, then it's bad.
That's orienting oneself by objective standards. But it's extreme to think extraverts *need* other people. They may believe they do, behave as if they do, or pretend they don't but really do get their bearing from the world, but even extraverts have a subject they can call upon, though it's not as easy as it would be for an introvert.

An introvert orients their morality and views via the subject, so in a sense you're right, but "couldn't care less" is extreme and an immature introvert, because one can easily have idiotic views and the world would help set things right.

It seems you believe ENTP and INTP are nearly identical, but for the I vs E. However, the dominant function of an ENTP is N and of an INTP it is T. I know ENTPs are very contrarian and I've known a few ENTPs, all of whom behave in a very individual way, yet much of their view is very modern. In general, I think even ENTPs fit this extraverted attitude. If an ISTJ tends to "do things that work" like a traditional way of doing things, this can still be subjective, but if we take this idea to the extreme, then all introverts get every idea from the subject. But what is the subject? How could pure subjectivity adjust to a world? No, even an ISTJ would adjust to the world, just like there's no pure extraversion. It's all tendency.Why Feeling at all? If we're looking at either the dominant or auxiliary as Thinking, then Feeling is implied as either tertiary or inferior, respectively.If, as Jung says, extraverts get their morality mostly from the culture they live in, then it is most likely beyond agreeable, because agreeableness can be a persona one wears for the sake of being agreeable without actually believing it. I think I see, you mean to include Feeling types, so we could say ExxP types. Are you saying that for ExFP types they definitely do *not* adjust their moral viewpoint on the culture or world they live in? Why? 

Fe-inf I types, as you say, may explore their morality and other viewpoints through facts and logic, but that's no reason to suppose it's not oriented by their inner subject.

In any case, this is precisely why functions aren't the point at all when discussing I vs E. The attitude of E and I is about whether their orientation tends toward the object or subject, respectively. The functions they prefer are the "how" of doing so. To dismiss Jung is to dismiss the core of MBTI. Neither Myers nor Briggs were psychiatrists or psychologists and not practicing, just very interested keen observers that added *one* thing, namely the Judging and Perceiving functions as seen by others. It's basically simplified and condensed Jung's typology, nevertheless a valuable service and surely their work has been useful as is testified by the huge impact MBTI has while Jung's more elaborate and difficult works receive a brief, sometimes grudging nod from most.You've inspired me to look into the Fi/Fe situation in an ExFP. It's interesting to consider consciously adapted viewpoints and unconsciously adopted viewpoints.

The subject/object relation is easy as a definition, but how it functions in reality, I'm as confused as anyone more often than I would like to admit. The strange thing is mostly the subject. I mean, the object is anything external, whether it's a person, a thing, or an idea, that is, whether it's a living or inanimate object or whether it's a mental object. That's clearly extraversion, but how it plays out is not often so obvious, especially if it's an introvert playing with objects of thought that are also shared by the society, say a concept or theory.

[Chapter 10 of *Psychological Types* is online](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types), but it's the original translation, so the language is a bit outdated and the newer translation in book form is easier and more accessible. "The General Attitude of Consciousness" sections likely explain the subject/object relation well. The first paragraph alone is reflective of OPs post.

&gt; Everyone is, admittedly, orientated by the data with which the outer world provides him ; yet we see that this may be the case in a way that is only relatively decisive. Because it is cold out of doors, one man is persuaded to wear his overcoat, another from a desire to become hardened finds this unnecessary; one man admires the new tenor because all the world admires him, another withholds his approbation not because he dislikes him but because in his view the subject of general admiration is not thereby proved to be admirable; one submits to a given state of affairs because his experience argues nothing else to be possible, another is convinced that, although it has repeated itself a thousand times in the same way, the thousand and first will be different. The former is orientated by the objective data; the latter reserves a view, which is, as it were, interposed between himself and the objective fact. Now, when the orientation to the object and to objective facts is so predominant that the most frequent and essential decisions and actions are determined, not by subjective values but by objective relations, one speaks of an extraverted attitude. When this is habitual, one speaks of an extraverted type. If a man so thinks, feels, and acts, in a word so lives, as to correspond directly with objective conditions and their claims, whether in a good sense or ill, he is extraverted. His life makes it perfectly clear that it is the objective rather than the subjective value which plays the greater role as the determining factor of his consciousness. He naturally has subjective values, but their determining power has less importance than the external objective conditions. Never, therefore, does he expect to find any absolute factors in his own inner life, since the only ones he knows are outside himself. My colleague's an ESTP that has such a clear sense of what's actionable now, I wish I had some of that. Really, getting lost in possibilities can be detrimental to developing work. I'd like to meet more Sensors.The texts online are slightly dated in their form of expression and the book has been revised. AFAIK it's not available to read online. It's worth buying. [There's another online source that also has the Definitions](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types) and with links to quickly skip to the interested sections. The [new version](https://www.amazon.com/Psychological-Types-Collected-Works-Bollingen/dp/0691018138/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1482045188&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=psychological+types) also contains an appendix with four articles/lectures by Jung about typology. To me, the heart of the letter was less Freud and more a confirmation that many may find personally relevant that come here and ask about whether their type could change, or seem to change. Hence the title without mention of Freud. Also, that even for the foremost expert on typology, identifying a type is extremely difficult. There seem to be too many MBTI gurus claiming quick and instant typing with just a few facts. Imagine if you felt you didn't quite know yourself, but believed you did, not recognizing the huge compensation going on projecting quite other characteristics than your real nature, but all these tests and self-styled typists identify you, so from now until you do recognize your deeper nature, you ignore that real need hidden beneath the compensations, as these compensations appear not as a symptom but as the real thing. Better to be open to  further investigation. 

But, you're right, INFP. Fascinating. I love telling that to my INFP friend that's intelligent but because we're a culture in worship of intelligence and it's become a caricature, she doesn't believe she could be. Also, I didn't feel like typing any more. Did you find this online?I'm not so convinced. There's one attitude that is too common to the enlightenment worldview, it's that everything progresses and modernity is the latest in progression. Hence, Jung is considered outdated by too many, yet who has really understood? You won't find those with the most expertise touting their superiority over Jung, rather the opposite, trying to get a few steps closer the the shoulder of a giant, let alone stand thereon. I've seen very little to convince me that there's much of the new that is better than Jung or would have a deeper understanding. I don't doubt that people can identify others easily, as you say, but that is Jung's point in this letter, that external appearances do not necessarily betray one's nature and that as the personality develops more may come to light.Orange juice is high in vitamin C, not calcium.I've observed this too. Could be the culture, we tend toward extraversion and thinking, sometimes even praising selfishness. Carl Jung pointed out that often introverts in an extraverted culture like the west will often diminish their natural tendency to adopt the popular or acceptable methods, especially in science, likewise for Feelers. He said Freud was an introverted feeler but due to the culture expressed himself solely in extraverted thinking terms, something he possibly even believed about himself.Yes, I do much the same. I mainly use MBTI to help communication.I wonder if it would help to distinguish the dominant function of each, for the ENTP it's N and for the INTP it's T.Why is this downvoted? Does it offend people? I've noticed this too with an ESTP, lots of detail, he just likes to be thorough. But that's to be expected in his way, as details are most certainly going to be noticed by an S.Personal gifts. If someone makes something for me, I'll remember it always. It implies the time taken to make. It's an absolutely personal bond to me and the quality can be far less than something bought and still make a much greater impression. For example, a friendship bracelet or a handmade scarf. 

Another is if it strikes my fancy, my interest in such an impressive way that my imagination is inspired or my feelings are enlivened, but this is more of a surprise, I can't imagine someone successfully planning to do so and being comparable to that magic surprise. 

It seems the first case is one that comes from the giver, and second is the impression of the receiver. Also, the dominant function of an ENFJ is F and of the INFJ it's N.I wonder what ISxJ types will say. Jung's description gave me the impression that introverted sensing types experience the experience of the object, that is, the intensity of experience is not directed at the object itself, but the impression of the object, the effect the object has on the subject. Wow! This inspired me to read this article about it:
http://www.bbc.com/news/health-34039054According to Carl Jung and von Franz, the same dominant function with the opposite attitude:

ExFJ - IxFP

ESxP - ISxJ...

The idea is someone similar, but not too similar, and not too different. The opposite attitude is the major difference between people, hence you get blogs and groups dedicated to introverts, not so much to a function. Imagine two feelers, an introvert and an extravert; one begins and ends with the subject of experience, the other with objects of experience. This can cause all kinds of misunderstanding, but if reconciled, can be a boon of growth.Have you read the source of MBTI, Carl Jung's *Psychological Types*? I recommend it very much. It's a bit long, so you could choose to skip to chapter 10. If you want to try it out, there's a slightly outdated [translation available online](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types). The language is a bit less ... modern or down to earth than the updated physical book.As Carl Jung is the originator of the theory and there are multiple varying and slightly different offspring, it would likely be most useful to use Jung's terminology. Moreover, Jung related these functions in much deeper ways to the rest of his psychological work so it shouldn't be compartmentalized without such reference, at least for deeper critique. For example, the four functions have been related to mandalas. Mandalas are symbols of the Self, produced by the unconscious and usually have four associated with it, such as a square, a cross, or circle, and each of the four functions he associated to the four aspects. That's just a hint at his full body of work. It all ties together.Feelings are not emotions, as _reLight said. Feelings are rational as is thinking. Thinking discerns meaning and uses rationality or logic to analyse and extend thinking. Feeling discerns good from bad, agreeable from disagreeable, along whatever spectrum one can make a rational judgment about the value of one to another. Either is capable of providing good reasons to do something, that is, to decide. You probably also know that this is not always sufficient to make a decision. Sometimes, one needs something more, and as an INFJ, I am sure that like me, that something more is not about the thinking or feeling, but something else, something irrational.Which part? That feelings should be distinguished from emotions, see Carl Jung's *Psychological Types*, such as the definitions section, [affect/emotion](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types#Affect). As for the decision section, I think it's fairly clearly on reflection that thoughts and feelings can provide reasons for action and that sometimes we need or look for something else, but I have no citation to provide for this.I'll play though I don't believe I have a real understanding of what would happen. I'll ignore the possible emotional reaction as it could be anything. Consciously, both types would tend to care or be interested in so far as the experience of seeing a Van Gogh is relevant to their current most definitive self understanding. So, an INFP would regard the painting foremost in relation to their values, values that tend to be defined in terms of self-worth or developing self-awareness. An INTP could look at the painting as others may see it, but would tend to prefer relevant aspects in regard to their own perspective of the painting, they would see it as someone else's project, possibly imagining how they would have done it, possibly better, whether it's technique and noticing brush stroke patterns, or to evoke what meaning they see, eliminating irrelevant from relevant. So, the defining features of both are introverted, that is, more concern for their own understanding than others' viewpoint, though this may be considered. INFP evaluates their experience, INTP analyzes their experience. INFP's dominant feeling function means they tend to consciously focus on evaluating things more than analyzing, intuiting, or even sensing, though these may be developed too, and because they're introverted, all evaluation is in regard to their self, the subject. Therefore, the painting has value in so far as it has value in regard to themselves. For example, an INFP deep into yoga and healthy nutrition, might enjoy the painting, but in their mind's eye, they are likely thinking more about being a painter and how magically wonderful it may be to their well-being. It can be shallow or deep, depending on the maturity of the person. An immature INFP would very much be terribly developed in regard to thinking, drawing wildly false conclusions, judging people's intentions as extremely judgmental even conspiratorial, and a developed INFP might have a refined sense of self with feeling used as a delicate instrument to enhance the feeling appreciation of whatever catches their attention. So an immature INFP looking at a van gogh would think almost solely of themselves, comparing their human experience and finding it falls short, and a more mature person would let themselves feel the painting as it is, though it would very much be *their* experience still. I think there are other ways to deeply experience a painting and not infuse so much self-awareness.If you're an INTP, you probably understand logic better than most. I can only repeat the standard philosophic principles of logic. Premises are statements considered true without necessarily arguing for it. Certain combinations of premises produce logically valid conclusions, and most others are some fallacy. Value, as Jung described it, is simply preferring one pole of duality over another, like this is agreeable and that is not, this is good, that's bad, this is a good song to play for a party and this is not. Both value and logic, feeling and thinking, are rational in so far as one can explain it, one can explain one's thinking process or feeling evaluations. Hahaha, that first line! And that last line, jeez!

I've known 3 ENTPs, 2 I dated, 1 has been one of my closest friends for many years. They've tended to think they're really smart, as in an expert may come in and they'd only slightly concede they aren't as intelligent. 

I like that our minds can usually connect relatively easily, I think it's because intuition is our dominant function. Yet, I have never felt like we truly agree or understand each other. It may have more to do with our opposite attitudes of introversion and extraversion. I know that from others' perspective, especially extraverts, I will seem a bit awkward, maybe mysterious, or egotistical, but mostly because I'm an introvert and not expressing every thought and feeling on my sleeve, it keeps me at just a bit of distance. They however appear to me as if they are equally distant, not from others, but from their own self, yet they *never* admit to it. The one thing an extravert is by definition not as developed as they would be if introverted. It's just like N/S or T/F, if one develops one function more than another, by definition this function is dominant and therefore the person's type. Likewise, with one's attitude. So, ENTPs have always surprised me with an almost complete lack sufficient self-awareness to recognize this weakness.

Oh, you want to know what's liked about ENTPs. I like how like myself they can intuit things and have a decent sense of understanding without being an expert. My favorite ENTP, besides my friends, is Bobby Axelrod of the show *Billions*. He's the epitome of one type of ENTP that Jung described in PT. Whereas an introverted intuitive like myself will see vast possibilities within our mind, extraverted intuitives see vast possibilities in the world. How they're not all filthy rich is beyond me.From the [definitions](http://wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=Psychological_Types#Abstraction) in Carl Jung's book *Psychological Types*:

&gt; Abstraction is an activity belonging to psychological functions in general. There is a thinking which abstracts, just as there is abstracting feeling, sensation, and intuition, (v. these concepts). Abstracting-thinking brings into relief a content that is distinguished from other irrelevant elements by its intellectual, logical qualities. Abstracting-feeling does the same with a content characterized by feeling; similarly with sensation and intuition. Hence, not only are there abstract thoughts but also abstract feelings, which latter are defined by Sully as intellectual, aesthetic, and moral [2]. Nahlowsky adds the religious feeling to these. Abstract feelings would, in my view, correspond with the 'higher' or 'ideal' feelings of Nahlowsky [3]. I put abstract feelings on the same line as abstract thoughts. Abstract sensation would be aesthetic as distinguished from sensual sensation (v. Sensation), and abstract intuition would be symbolical as opposed to phantastical intuition, (v. Phantasy, and Intuition).

EDIT: Clarified author of definition, should have done so anywayWhat do you mean?Read [Was that Really Me?](https://www.amazon.com/Was-That-Really-Me-Personality/dp/0891061703/ref=tmm_pap_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&amp;qid=1493826698&amp;sr=8-1). You can also read each chapter online at Personality Cafe, here's [INFJ](http://personalitycafe.com/infj-articles/68718-really-me-how-stress-brings-out-infjs-hidden-personality.html)Carl Jung said these were the four he could determine but that there could be more. It's like a leaf, there is no "leaf", each is unique, each is similar, and we see the similarity, and that is a function we can identify. If there are more, one would would likely need to delineate specifically what it is, how it's not like the other functions, and possibly also what it's opposite would be, as each function that we know of now has an opposite.To make this relevant and useful, commenters need to include their type, not merely the dog/cat answer!

INFJ - cat

Didn't get dogs as a kid, much more comfortable and happy with dogs after my tweens.Excellent analysis, insight, and down to earth explanation. Much appreciated!Why aren't you analyzing the cause of your tears and current disposition? What feelings occur before, during, and after class? Who else is involved in these feelings and thoughts regarding class? It's not your parents, unless they've changed in the course of 7 years. Why did you take a break? Why are you bored and why dread class?ENFJ and INFJ are different in 2 ways, not 1. That is, it's not merely E/I, but also which function is dominant. Think of a function as a tool, is it used inside the house or outside, or in this case, if the dominant function is N, is it used subjectively or objectively, and therefore, would the N be preceded by I or E? 

However, the dominant function of an ENFJ is F and for the INFJ it's N. Ask yourself which function is dominant? Then, are you I or E? 

If you're introverted intuitive (assuming F true either way), then it's INFJ. 
If you're extraverted intuitive, then it's ENFP.

The last letter in MBTI refers to the way *others* observe you, not the way you really are necessarily. And unfortunately, MBTI decided to keep the order of the middle two letters the same either way, though it would have helped avoid this confusion by reordering the middle letters in order of dominant-auxiliary. For example, INFJ and ENFJ could have looked like this, INFJ and EFNJ. As stated above, N is dominant for the INFJ and F is dominant for the ENFJ, but that's not obvious by just looking at the four letters in MBTI. I've always found it strange that psychologists would denounce MBTI completely, as it's really Carl Jung's theory of typology, popularized and radically simplified and taken out of context by Myers-Briggs, et al. First, Jung spent a majority of his book detailing the history of typologies with the purpose of bridging the communication gap that had become more obvious studying this history in various disciplines. Read the book to know more. Secondly, I've never seen anything Jung stated that it is predictive, it is foremost a method of organizing tendencies and communication. Does anyone deny thinking? Of course not. If one uses Jung's definition of feeling as an evaluative function, one would be hardpressed to deny evaluation as a function, and furthermore, that evaluation is a feeling one has, in those terms one uses feelings. In other words, if you have feelings, not mere emotions, which again Jung differentiated from feeling by their unconscious nature, feelings most certainly inform one of the values one holds. One may wonder if intuition is real, even as Jung describes, but as Jung defines the function as one of perceiving possibilities, that would be hardly a matter of contention, for one does perceive possibilities, it is a function of being to do so. Likewise, sensing as a function of perceiving the actual is most certainly real, for what is happening here and now if that were not a function of being? 
If used correctly and practically, typology is less about typing than about understanding what to do when. I'm constantly adjusting my communication style to people I recognized have a favored tendency. With the feeling types, I speak in terms of values, with the intuitives I imagine possibilities, with sensing I speak in concrete terms. There's no magic here. It's practical and straightforward.Thanks for the title. Link to download the pdf: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/20447534_Reinterpreting_the_Myers-Briggs_Type_Indicator_From_the_Perspective_of_the_Five-Factor_Model_of_PersonalityFe is not necessarily the auxiliary of an INFJ, because the opposite attitude is a shadow of the conscious attitude, but the conscious attitude is not necessarily limited to the dominant function. That is, you could be conscious of the auxiliary and even tertiary function, hence, Fi and Ti. Consciousness is discernment, discernment means recognizing differences and opposites. So, with effort one can develop and practice the use of these functions, though the dominant function will likely remain the dominant function. Hence, you could without necessarily changing the order of dominant-auxiliary-tertiary functions become conscious of the latter. I'm an INFJ, but my thinking has always been more developed than not, because I love thinking about things, even though I recognize my limitations with it, that is, it's not so conscious that I am as free to use thinking as a thinking type. Jung often found feeling types unable, or unwilling, to think about things they don't feel are worthwhile or valuable. That's clearly a limitation, but one can nevertheless be quite an intelligent thinker. He believed Freud was an introverted feeler, an INFP, but in the midst of a very western attitude of extraverted thinking wrote entirely in that style. Likewise, people often think I'm a thinker, an intellectual. As an introvert, it's important to analyze yourself more than let another's view determine your type, as they see only the objective side of you, hence, not the subjective. This is what the J/P distinction is all about. As an INFJ perceiving is your dominant function, that is, intuition, but to others it appears as Judging, hence F, or if T is well developed, then T. I'm an INFJ and even I have difficulty understanding what the meaning of intuition is exactly. However, a clear pattern has been that I am often imagining possibilities, like how to create a video game, what the future of evolution will be, what new technologies might be useful, etc. An INFP friend often spoke of her feelings as overwhelmingly powerful, like normal feelings but turned up to 9-10 more often than seems normal to me. That's one simple way I noticed the difference in my life. The difference between these two types is which function is dominant, N or F.Ne sees possibilities in the objective world, what could be done out there, for example, an investor would have a good nose for what's got potential. Ni would see who one could be in the subjective world, or I suppose other subjective possibilities. It's the most difficult to pin down. Jung also said Ni would see images that make no sense to others, but do to oneself. Here's a good video of him trying to explain it. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_7DpbJ1xFgAny serious professor of psychology should focus on Jung's theory of personality and moreover in the context of Jung's overall psychological theories, certainly not MBTI, as it's a simplification of his theory and anyone versed in Jung would recognize the significant difference. It's simply another way for the psychologically inept and ignorant, that is, ignorant of one's own psychological, subjective, internal domain that prefers the easy to grasp categories that then can easily be dismissed. A straw man that has been going for decades. Even research articles often focus on MBTI and not Jung, for one cannot seriously claim to understand his theory of personality without the broader context of his overall psychological theories. Scientists are surprisingly sloppy quite often, in large part likely due to publishing pressures and not so rarely their desire to be recognized. I prefer order, like order of operations in math, so that after the initial Introversion / Extraversion dichotomy that nearly all people are already familiar with and easily grasp, there are the dominant and the auxiliary functions. The tertiary and inferior functions are implied and clear with a little familiarity, so also with the usual NiFe typing. INFJ is INF, INTP is ITN, ESTP is EST, and ESFP is EFS. This also leaves open to investigation, interpretation, and one's own perspective whether the auxiliary is the same attitude or opposite, e.g. INFJ as INF has Ni but the F could be Fi or Fe depending on one's perspective or favored methodology.Yes, come on in you ISxJ people. I want to hear from you! That the sensation type seeks intensive experiences, that is, experiences that cause quite a strong impression, stands out as the cornerstone of this function, is most interesting to me. From Carl Jung, [The Introverted Sensation Type](http://psychclassics.yorku.ca/Jung/types.htm), 

&gt; Whereas, the extraverted sensation-type is determined by the intensity of the objective influence, the introverted type is orientated by the intensity of the subjective sensation-constituent released by the objective stimulus. I've known a few NT types, but none sounded nasally. I have known an EST and he definitely had that authoritative tone, he could have used a little collaborative attitude to succeed. I knew an INFP and agree they sounded generally softer, except when defensive.

I like this approach. Jung pointed out that S types have clear eyes and N types seem to have a glaze, as if they're not looking directly at something. This I have found to be accurate usually. I see the clarity in S types as very present, drawn in to the physical here and now. N types seem to always have a part of their mind on whatever is associated with the focus at hand. So, both can be here and now, but the attention seems directed either to the actual or the possible.[My INFJ resuls](https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=70.1&amp;d=57.4&amp;g=61.9&amp;s=60.9)Have you read Carl Jung's [*Personality Types*](https://www.amazon.com/Psychological-Types-Collected-Works-Bollingen/dp/0691018138/ref=mt_paperback?_encoding=UTF8&amp;me=)? Myers-Briggs certainly didn't make it more scientific. Carl Jung was a scientist. The studies that try to compare MBTI to other typologies use MBTI, not Jung. MBTI is simplified, tries to use tests, and self-ascribed answers to such tests. Everytime I come across a research paper that purportedly has tested MBTI, their tests are weak and use this MBTI, *never* Carl Jung. It is very difficult to identify which attitude and functions are truly dominant and requires *analysis*. One may deny functions easily, but that we think in terms of meaning with logic, that we know our values via feeling (not emotion) is common knowledge, that we perceive the possible or the actual are categories of being and with some observation one can notice a tendency toward one or the other. In my opinion, Big-5 is a variation of Jung's typology and will in time be recognized as a weaker and emptier form, because for Jung, the typology extends far beyond mere typology, but encompasses his entire theory of psychology, including collective unconscious, archetypes, mythology, etc.

I suggest to keep it simple, because I have found it is sufficiently useful in my interactions with others. Jung never spoke of introverted vs extraverted functions, afaik. I see an analogy, the functions are to be understood much like functions or mapping is in mathematics, there is an input and then via the function, an output. The attitudes of introversion and extraversion are like the direction of the wind. Then, the functions do their function, but depending on the direction of the wind or attitude, the input becomes either a subjective object or an objective object that then is mapped by the function to a new set. So, there are only four functions that do their mapping in whichever direction one happens to direct their attention, introversion or extraversion. The unconscious functions or shadow functions would not be new and different, but the same function with *different* orientations of attitude, albeit, unconscious. Also, I'd like to see where Jung states that there are 4 extra shadow functions, because it seemed to me that he repeatedly pointed to the inferior function as most definitely beyond complete conscious will. There's plenty of room to work on the inferior, let alone create a whole new set because it looks like a nice pattern.I like your input on Si as I've been very interested to know more about it, but your notions of Ni seem at times, as you guessed, disagreeable. I recommend viewing [Jung on Ni](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pL9DXtWix1g).Earlier today /xousyn posted an [interesting take on Si](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7evuh1/lets_talk_about_si_the_most_misunderstood/). 

&gt; Si is commonly described as preferring “routine”, and I think this is pretty accurate. However, “routine” tends to have a “boring” connotation...

I find this quite interesting because one can be adventurous and appreciate many experiences, yet doing so could be itself quite routine. I know of an ESTx that routinely enjoys going out to restaurants, travel, and enjoy the sensations of life, but this is his routine, his habit. In fact, his openness to new experience *outside* this routine seems to be less than meets the eye. Likewise, I know as an intuitive myself, I love considering new ideas, but my life habits are surprisingly narrow compared to his, yet I am quite high in Openness. 

Both the ENFP and INFJ are dominant intuitives, so they would be high in openness. Can you be more specific regarding your implication regarding these two types? Because it seems that despite the two types being different, they can both nevertheless be high in openness as intuitives and as you define it, "Appreciation for art, emotion, adventure, unusual ideas, curiosity, and variety of experience", openness includes both an INFJs "appreciation for art" and an ENFPs "curiosity".It sounds like you're reiterating the same argument I made, albeit, suggesting a different conclusion, that trying new things could be part of the routine of a sensation type and that despite being an intuitive, one can have a fairly limited interest in trying new things. It may be beneficial to focus on definitions. According to my interpretation of said definitions, I see no contradiction.Right, it does seem to contradict itself, but it's the reason I linked a post from today:

&gt; if an Si type decides that “social interactions” are subjectively important to its worldview, then they are more likely to remember and possibly overanalyze every social interaction they have ever been a part of. This causes them to be wary of new people, because Si treats new situations as analogies to past encounters. The “good memory” stereotype refers to the “living diary” that Si types live by.

I'll interpret this as follows, a sensing type seeks new experiences that will be compared to their old experiences. In other words, it's not that any type is easily recognized by their behavior, because behavior may have different motives. Carl Jung didn't believe it's easy to type people, it requires analysis, appearances are insufficient to identify type. It is necessary to refer to the definitions of types and discover, uncover, the motives of a person to identify the function and attitude type. 

Maybe it needs to be considered from a different point of view, or yours if I fail to understand it well. In any case, I appreciate this attempt to compare the two typologies. I am in part motivated by the tragic research articles I've seen that attempt to test MBTI, rather than the more robust and complex psychological theories of Carl Jung. 

I'm not sure I can simplify any of these definitions sufficiently, I usually go by the following. Intuition perceives possibilities and potentialities, whether introverted or extraverted. Sensation perceives the here and now as formed by a lifetime of experiences. Thinking analyzes and defines meaning. Feeling evaluates agreeableness, again, whether focused on the subjective claim or the objective standards of the day.Well, there is still room for interpretation. Take agreeableness in the extraverted sense. If agreeableness is correlated to feeling, then an ExFJ would have a keen sense of what is considered agreeable in their environment. And naturally, if accurately ascertained by the Fe, others would likewise consider them quite agreeable. On the flipside, an Fi is not in tune with their environment and may vehemently deny much value in adopting the general view if it contradicts their personal feeling regarding the agreeableness of something. In general, if introverts are socially less developed than extraverts, it follows that an Fi will more often appear less agreeable to others, despite agreeableness being their dominant quality, though others would tend to disagree on the Fi's agreeableness.

Carl Jung was aware that language reflects one's personality. It was one of his first approaches to psychology. Recently someone posted [a test](https://youtopiaproject.com/youtopia-16-assessment/) their [UC professor](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/7dq1x3/psychologist_from_the_uc_system_is_trying_to_make/) made using words alone. My results were close, I got INTP instead of INFJ. Regarding the subjective versus the objective approach reflects Carl Jung's approach to psychological typing and psychology in general, all is fact, including subjective facts. I believe that this is one of the reasons so many typologies and so much psychological research fails to be truly innovative, the subjective arena is too often ignored in favor of sourcing facts primarily from observable objective data. I mean, it's good, I really like the way Professor Jordan Peterson refers to the Big 5. But in terms of real innovation, Jung's introduction of typology was extraordinary.Carl Jung says ["feeling tells you whether it is agreeable or not, to be accepted or rejected".](https://youtu.be/pL9DXtWix1g?t=2m11s) He also describes the feeling function as one that evaluates, that is, it determines the value of something. An introvert would do so according to subjective standards, whatever the rationale may be, and an extravert will tend to adopt or adapt to the objective, socially acceptable standards. That is, the Fi agrees with themselves, the Fe agrees with others. However, I am taking the view that generally most people do not mature much beyond their youth. So, introverts may learn to adapt and extraverts may discover their subjective claims sufficiently to be developed. As you say, if they're "healthy through nurture", they may mature.Right, why would Fi users be observed as more agreeable than any other type, especially T types. Fe users would be observed as more agreeable. I don't know what else to say but to reiterate that if you agree with others, then they will tend to determine you are agreeable, compassionate, empathetic, and friendly, qualities of agreeableness as defined by Big 5. It's not that I'm attempting to change either definition, whether Big 5 or MBTI, but that MBTI seems to already incorporate this notion. You have it, F in general *is* agreeable. Fe *appears* agreeable, because they are agreeable. They do this with compassion, empathy, and friendliness, traits that others will witness because when people agree oneself, one tends to attribute these qualities to such a person. 

Fi may or may not be agreeable to and with others, but they will be agreeable to *themselves*, and by being agreeable to themselves foremost, they will appear agreeable in so far as they and their standards actually agree with others. 

Fe adapts itself to the standards of the world they live in, Fi adapts itself to subjective standards. In either case, F is agreeable. 

EDIT: added the first sentence.Right, that's one of the reasons I like correlating the two, it seems to make MBTI more practical and that's precisely how Jung intended it to be used, to ["explain for instance a husband to a wife"](https://youtu.be/pL9DXtWix1g?t=50s). I agree, MBTI tends towards complexity, like shadow functions and doubling the number of types once again, I think it is in large part because people love patterns, with socionics being the most extreme pattern creating form. Not that it's wrong, idk. I tend to use it quite simply, I focus almost exclusively on the attitude, dominant, and sometimes auxiliary aspects. In this simple form, I find it quite useful, much like Big 5, in my experience. There are things I like about Big 5, like industriousness, conscientiousness, these words add deeper connotations and practical notions. [Professor Jordan Peterson](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCL_f53ZEJxp8TtlOkHwMV9Q) explains things well and uses Big 5 often in his video lectures that I recommend very much.I wish I knew where to find the source exactly. According to Carl Jung the intuitive seems to have a glaze over the eyes and appears not to be looking directly at an object or person, whereas a sensing has clear eyes and seems to look directly at an object.Do you mean objective as extraverted and subjective as introverted? If so, then you're talking as Carl Jung had and he spent a large portion of the book *Personality Type* discerning the two. It seems to be one of those concepts that everyone has a hunch about and believes they know, but like a fish in water, can't quite pinpoint what exactly these are. I agree with your approach that N connects ideas and the introvert and extravert simply do so differently. There's really no substitute I know of to reading Jung's exposition in chapter 10 of this book. How intuition connects ideas is not really precisely explained, he says the extravert would have a good nose for valuable propositions, so they are often found to be bankers, investors, and time will tell how true their hunch is, that is, it cannot be rationalized, that's for thinking or feeling. The introvert likewise has a perceptive sense of subjective connections, but these seem to occur in the unconscious, one simply receives the result, the hunch. If one delves more deeply into Jung, this connects to synchronicity, the acausal principle. Another way to look at objective and subjective is that the extravert begins and ends with the facts of objects, but the introvert begins and ends with the facts of the subject, I believe the term *a priori* would fit here, it's like the old Aristotle vs Plato dichotomy, respectively. So, despite possibly saying the same thing, the two types will find each other incomprehensible in their approach, each begins and ends where the other does not find anything of value and real. The purpose of typology is that they may learn to understand each other.Introverts are not "obsessive" by nature, at least nothing I recall by Jung or anywhere would suggest this, except for an extreme extravert, see paragraph 565 in Chapter X of Jung's *Personality Types*, 

&gt; This is the extravert's danger: he gets sucked into objects and completely loses himself in them.

Furthermore, his description of the introvert is completely different, paragraph 557

&gt; The introvert's attitude is an abstracting one; at bottom, he is always intent on withdrawing libido from the objects, as though he had to prevent the object from gaining power over him. 

Your suggestion of investment, attachment, and obsession seem to be unfounded and a hindrance to clarity.It seems Carl Jung thought this, because at the end of some of the main 8 types described in chapter 10 of *Personality Types*, he names some neurosis. The names have changed and been updated as psychiatry evolved, but I would assume Jung would have updated the names too. I'd be curious to know what the new terms are. 

Some examples:

&gt; Paragraph 587, "When the disturbance reaches a definite pitch, we speak of a neurosis."

&gt; Par. 596, "Hysteria is, in my view, by far the most frequent neurosis of the extraverted type. The hallmark of classic hysteria is an exaggerated rapport with persons in the immediate environment and an adjustment to surrounding conditions that amounts to imitation. A constant tendency to make himself interesting and to produce an impression is a basic feature of the hysteric..."

&gt; Fe, "Hysteria, with the characteristic infantile sexuality of its unconscious world of ideas, is the principal form of neurosis in this type.

&gt; The introverted type, par. 625, "Should he become neurotic, it is the sign of an almost complete identity of the ego with the self; the importance of the self is reduced to nil, while the ego is inflated beyond measure. The whole world-creating force of the subjective factor becomes concentrated in the ego, producing a boundless power-complex and a fatuous egocentricity."

&gt; Ti, par. 631, "It is a state of dissociation, in other words a neurosis characterized by inner debility and increasing cerebral exhaustion–the symptoms of psychoasthenia."

&gt; Fi, par. 643, "The form of neurosis is neurasthenic rather than hysterical, often with severe physical complications, such as anaemia and its sequelae."

&gt; Si, par. 654, "The result is usually a compulsion neurosis, as which the hysterical features are masked by symptoms of exhaustion."

&gt; Ni, par. 663, "The form of neurosis is a compulsion neurosis with hypochondrial symptoms, hypersensitivity of the sense organs, and compulsive ties to particular persons or objects."

I'm sure there must be modern corollaries to these descriptions, but we'd need a professional to identify the correct terms.I dislike a busy lifestyle. It can be energizing in bursts of a few hours, days, or a couple weeks, but no more. I *need* time to settle. My INFP acquaintance seemed likewise, my ENTP acquaintances seemed to like it more especially verbally, they seem to never admit any inability, but they too seem to require periods of random isolation.First, let's distinguish P/J as used in MBTI vs the source, Carl Jung. The perceiving functions are intuition and sensing, the judging functions are thinking and feeling. Another way he describes these are rational and irrational, that is, one can explain their thinking and feeling rationally, but perception *is* and cannot so easily be explained. But MBTI uses P/J as is *observable by others*. Take ISTJ, your dominant function is Sensing, this is a perceiving function. Perceiving is actually your dominant function. But MBTI states your behavior as observed by other people, because they can't see *into you*, see your auxiliary function, a *judging* function.

Now, what does this mean? More than I know, but there are two types of sources, the original source material that is Carl Jung theory and the secondary sources that are many, including MBTI and people that try to make it easily understandable. I recommend Carl Jung, but that's just my preference and opinion.[r/JungianTypology](https://www.reddit.com/r/JungianTypology) with a 'g'MBTI is inspired by Carl Jung's *Psychological Types* and therein he states that he uses the conscious personality traits, hence MBTI would do likewise and does in such tests that one self-assesses.It should, because Carl Jung did. His description of each type includes what results from a type that becomes too extreme, a neurosis develops. You may know that MBTI is inspired by Carl Jung's *Psychological Types* and that little last section of the book that hints at auxiliary functions to create 16 types in all. However, that is not all, for besides those types that have an auxiliary, there are types that do not much have an auxiliary, that is, one could be very thinking oriented without much intuition or sensing as auxiliary. So, not outside the box of typology, but outside of MBTI because it focuses strictly on the 16 dominant with auxiliary types, not those without. I will attempt to find the source if asked, but last I tried I forgot where exactly I read this.Carl Jung never said anything to suggest that the functions are unique and different if introverted or extraverted, meaning that introverted thinking is a separate function from extraverted thinking, nor did he suggest that for each function the orientation of attitude switches each in sequential order like Te-Ni-Se-Fi. Each person can use each function, but some will have much less use, training, habit, and familiarity than the function used most often. 

I'm not sure what you mean by non-existent function use. Do you mean actions that do not use any function at all, like an unconscious action? I assume you mean the more interesting case of an action that appears to be conscious rather than a fumbling stumbling accident. This could be the case of a less developed function used poorly, such as an intelligent introverted thinker saying the most disagreeable thing in a group of people because their extraverted feeling is primitive or underdeveloped.Both are logical, because both can be explained. Jung said, thinking tells you what something *is* and *means*, feelings tells you if it's *agreeable*. Objective and subjective are *not* the best means of describing this, because Jung was mostly consistent in describing extraverts as oriented on the objective, that is, information that is received from the world, and the subjective is oriented toward the self. This is insightful. 

&gt; Jung has said that the hardest thing to understand is not your *opposite* type – if you have an introverted feeling it *is* very difficult to understand an extroverted thinking type – but the same functional type with the other attitude!

p. 69, *Lectures on Jung's Typology*, Marie-Louise von Franz

**Opposite attitude types for reference:**

attitude–Dominant–Auxiliary &amp; MBTI 

**N is the dominant function for INFJ, ENFP, INTJ, and ENTP**

iNF	INFJ

eNF	ENFP

iNT	INTJ

eNT	ENTP

**S is the dominant function**

iSF	ISFJ

eSF	ESFP

iST	ISTJ

eST	ESTP

**F is the dominant function**

iFN	INFP

eFN	ENFJ

iFS	ISFP

eFS	ESFJ

**T is the dominant function**

iTN	INTP

eTN	ENTJ

iTS	ISTP

eTS	ESTJDominant/Auxiliary|Attitude/Dominant/Auxiliary|MBTI
:-:|:-:|:-:
**NF**|iNF|INFJ
 |eNF|ENFP
**NT**|iNT|INTJ
 |eNT|ENTP
**SF**|iSF|ISFJ
 |eSF|ESFP
**ST**|iST|ISTJ
 |eST|ESTP
**FN**|iFN|INFP
 |eFN|ENFJ
**FS**|iFS|ISFP
 |eFS|ESFJ
**TN**|iTN|INTP
 |eTN|ENTJ
**TS**|iTS|ISTP
 |eTS|ESTJ


In my experience, this form allows me to easily recognize which types are similar and opposite. Carl Jung said that more difficult than to understand your opposite *function* type is the challenge to understand your same function type with the opposite *attitude*. 

For example, consider the NF type below. The opposite *attitude* of iNF is eNF. Using MBTI it's INFJ vs ENFP. That's a distinction newbies will not understand using MBTI, at least not without much further study.

&gt; "I can't decide if I'm ESTP or ESTJ?" or "Am I an ISTP or ESTP?" 
&gt; Well, neither is an opposite. Neither function, nor attitude.

Consider the INFJ. With MBTI, is it easy to recognize the opposite attitude type? Would it be ENFJ? No. Would the opposite *function* type be ISFJ? Not quite. Hence, MBTI is not easy at all to answer either question without some mental gymnastics. But with this table of Attitude/Dominant/Auxiliary, either question is very simple.

What is the opposite *attitude* type of an ISTJ? Well, let's assume you're using this table regularly and stop using MBTI. Then ISTJ is iST. The opposite *attitude* is eST. Simple.

The opposite *function* type is NF, simply the opposite of each letter.

Dominant/Auxiliary|Attitude/Dom/Aux|MBTI|Opposite MBTI|Opposite by Attitude/Dom/Aux|Opposite Dom/Aux
:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:
**NF**|iNF|INFJ|ESTP|eST|**ST**
 |eNF|ENFP|ISTJ|iST
**NT**|iNT|INTJ|ESFP|eSF|**SF**
 |eNT|ENTP|ISFJ|iSF
**SF**|iSF|ISFJ|ENTP|eNT|**NT**
 |eSF|ESFP|INTJ|iNT 
**ST**|iST|ISTJ|ENFP|eNF|**NF**
 |eST|ESTP|INFJ|iNF
**FN**|iFN|INFP|ESTJ|eTS|**TS**
 |eFN|ENFJ|ISTP|iTS
**FS**|iFS|ISFP|ENTJ|eTN|**TN**
 |eFS|ESFJ|INTP|iTN
**TN**|iTN|INTP|ESFJ|eFS|**FS**
 |eTN|ENTJ|ISFP|iFS
**TS**|iTS|ISTP|ENFJ|eFN|**FN**
 |eTS|ESTJ|INFP|iFNCarl Jung said that the defining feature of the dominant function is that it is used consciously at will. So, a Thinker thinks, a Feeler feels, an Intuitive... uh, intuits. I'm an intuitive, so I'd describe it as jumping on the stream of possibilities and seeing where it goes. 

Sensation is fascinating to me because it seems like it just happens, of course, to me, because it does just happen, I don't consciously will it. But you supposedly do. 

How would you explain consciously willing sensation? 

I imagine that you don't *control* the sensation, but somehow you interact with sensing perceptions and have a kind of free relationship to it. Maybe that means becoming aware of a certain quality of sensation, maybe extending that awareness to provide a kind of insight that others miss, or like a sledgehammer others miss the nuances of; maybe it means really getting into an impression of a sensation and that brings with it new ideas, impressions, or qualities that provide new starting points others would have not realized.Is there a connection for some that know both typology and Neuro-Linguistic Programming?

I'm visual, but not a detail oriented INFJ. I can remember faces like fingerprints. I don't know how or necessarily where I've seen someone immediately, but I will often instantly recognize a face including from photos without having met the person.

A friend of mine is an INFP and hearing voices is the same, they can recognize someone just by their voice instantly. It's like magic to me. 

Thoughts? Know of anything relevant I could research?

EDIT: I tested as visual, kinesthetic, and auditory, in that order. 

EDIT 2:

Type | Auditory | Visual | Kinesthetic
:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:
ISTP | 1 | 0 | 0
ISFP | 0 | 0 | 0
INTP | 4 | 1 | 0
INFP | 1 | 3 | 1
ISTJ | 0 | 0 | 0
ISFJ | 0 | 1 | 0
INTJ | 0.5 | 2.5 | 0
INFJ | 0 | 1 | 1
ESTP | 0 | 0 | 0
ESFP | 0.5 | 0.5 | 0
ENTP | 1 | 0 | 0
ENFP | 2 | 0 | 0
ESTJ | 0 | 0 | 0
ESFJ | 0 | 0 | 0
ENTJ | 0 | 1 | 0
ENFJ | 1 | 1 | 0

Explanation: e.g. INTJ means 2 INTJ responses, one of them had equal Auditory and Visual&gt; Freud, when one got to know him better, was distinguished by a markedly differentiated feeling function. His "sense of values" showed itself in his love of precious stones, jade, malachite, etc. He also had considerable intuition. Yet the superficial picture he presented to the world was that of an extraverted thinker and empiricist who derived his philosophy of life from the man in the street, which is supposed to be modern.

&gt; This mutability of the psychological type makes the question of its relation to the somatic type an extremely complicated problem. And when we take the results of personality development into account, the crude features of introversion and extraversion are also reversed. The case of a man of 36 with cardiac neurosis may serve as an example. He was an obviously extraverted type, and his wife was introverted to a pathological degree. They got a divorce. He then married an extremely extraverted woman, lost his cardiac neurosis, and became a typical introvert with the feeling that this was his true nature. He was a successful businessman who from humble beginnings had worked his way to the top. His originally introverted disposition was kept under by his hard struggle and energetic will, but had to be married in the form of an introverted wife and paid for with a cardiac neurosis.

Letters, to Ernst Hanhart, 1957, Volume 2, p. 347-8http://www.myersbriggs.org/my-mbti-personality-type/mbti-basics/judging-or-perceiving.htm

This little sentence makes a big difference and causes all these questions of Exyz vs Ixyz, like INFP vs ENFP, and the obvious assumption, one I made for many years because this little sentence is so very rarely mentioned anywhere including on the sidebar of *this* subreddit, is that the *main* difference between such two apparently similar types is their *attitudes*, Introversion vs Extraversion. But that is not the case in MBTI. Because the J/P distinction describes how *others* see your *outer* behavior, it refers *only* to this *outer* aspect. Therefore, if one is an introvert, the *outer* behavior *appears* to be the dominant function, but is in fact the *auxiliary* function. Not so for the extravert, for them, the visible function *is* the dominant function. 

Here are some examples:

INTP – dominant thinking, but intuition is the visible Perceiving function. Why? Because intuition is a perceptive (irrational) function

INFJ – dominant intuition, but feeling is the visible Judging function, because feeling is a judging (rational) function

ESFP – dominant &amp; visibly dominant function is the same, Sensing. Sensing is perceiving

ESTJ – dominant &amp; visibly dominant function is Thinking. Thinking is rational


What is the main difference between an INFP vs ENFP? It's really two differences, besides I vs E. The dominant function of INFP is Feeling and of ENFP is Intuition. So, there are two types of opposites, one is the I vs E attitude, the other is the dominant function. The opposite *attitude* with the *same dominant function* of an IxFP is ExFJ. And for the ENyP the *opposite attitude* with the *same dominant function* is INyJ. But the *same attitude* with the *opposite dominant function* for an IxFP is IxTP and for the ENyP is ESyP. And lastly, the opposite attitude *and* opposite dominant function for an IxTP is ExFJ, and for the ENyP is INyJ.

Also of note is that Judging and Perceiving are not a separate set or dimension of functions, but what Carl Jung called the two axes of functions. The Judging axis is rational and contains the pair Thinking and Feeling. The Perceiving axis is irrational, because one doesn't explain perception as it simply happens and is a phenomenon, and contains Intuition and Sensing. The Judging and Perceiving dimension is as the little sentence in the title suggests, simply what is *observable by others* and not necessarily the same as the *dominant function* and therefore opposites are *not* simply a difference of Ixyz vs Exyz, or attitudes. Just remember to always consider which function is dominant. It's the same for extraverts but opposite for introverts.I have a hunch that Big 5 takes those parts of MBTI that are more easily measureable. Big 5 seems to take one aspect, not name the other, then the spectrum appears from more to less, for example, they don't use introversion, but only measure how extraverted one is. Here are my guesses

Extraversion - same, except MBTI also labels the opposite

Openness - intuition

Agreeableness - feeling, because Jung says feeling in a nutshell is evaluating if something is [agreeable](https://youtu.be/pL9DXtWix1g?t=1m45s)

Conscientiousness - idk, what do you think? My hunch is sensation

Neuroticism - thinking with a mix of non-dominant or shadow functions under stress

If this is close to true, then neuroticism is a mix, a con-fusion of thinking and the personality under stress. The MBTI could be more accurate because it distinguishes the thinker and the stressed person.
I'll recommend Bleach, One Punch Man, Samurai Champloo, and Cowboy BebopINFJ. I'd say I'm naturally drawn to the ENFP type :3as an INFJ, i do this like basically everyday xD
INFJ: SAD, OCD/Dermatillomania, OSFED/BDD and dysthymia. 
I'm an INFJ too and have dysthymia, social anxiety and Dermatillomania. A bunch of kudos to you for hitting the nail on the head so many times. The only thing significantly different is that the mother keeps the daughters trapped because of her anxiety. Nevertheless, with good mental health, I believe she would be the type to push her daughters to succeed.And also, the father was a workaholic (used to work overtime almost everyday) and used to go on many, long business trips... So he wasn't always around. More like: It /could/ be heavenly. 
 I'm a great driver I'd say; can get "road rage" minimally. Loveeeee driving, hate bad drivers. Very much in the moment and daydream:p. Listening to music mostly ALL.OF.THE.TIME. Silence is appreciated some of the time though. I used to take long drives nowhere - helped clear my head or whatever. I'm INFJ.That's not entertaining You're right, to an extent. Seemingly this is just making me realize you can find entertainment anywhere if you choose to. Also - backstory - I've been feeling like I need to find another job as this one does not excite me at all.Fine, your choiceHehehe thanks! :)This was totally written by an ENTP. If I'm wrong, so be itWhat can I say, I'm a walking contradiction ;p But seriously, that's why I chose "empirical theorist" as my name. Nothing is, usually, one or the other. This world is a paradox and everything is nothing and everything at the same time

Edit: Have any comments on initial question though?Thinking about my ENTJ friend, can confirmThen they're just being sarcastic, most likely0_0 hmmmm probs FeYou're probably rightYou're probably right about me being probably right about L7k5u8... Ok I'll stop now. You're definitely my best buddy XDI haven't read through this in its entirety, but from what I have read so far this is wonderful! Thank you for this.ENFJSecond thisBiggest turn on is (humble) intelligence, but otherwise kind, flirty, attractive, confident, calm, rational, and stoic. Not into loud and boastful types usually, they can get on my nerves if it's combined with arroganceHow about Ni? I'm curious to what you come up with :)That's what I get for being wrong My deviation skills have done their duty;) but truthfully I didn't read through your entire post. I half-assed my answer by tidbits of your writing. So I pretty much made a lofty guess rather than a well-thought-out, logical answer

And what I meant by my previous comment: Being wrong is what I get for being wrong:pYou seem to be a mature ENFJ. I think OP definitely has come across immature ENxJs. I personally have dealt with immature ENxJs and they are not fun to deal with. &gt; They are probably more likely to be off living life rather than analyzing it in an online community..

Couldn't agree with you more on this statement. I know a good amount of Sensors and see them more outside of their minds than within themHave you ever met an ESFP irl? I'm curious Can you explain their personality to me? I'm trying to decipher if someone I know is either an ESFP, ESFJ, or ENFP or ENFJ. I couldn't say from my perspective. But I'll take your word on itAh, HA. Touche. You are right People want to be what they think they are not; people are afraid to come to terms with their true self so they classify themselves as something else as a facade. In the past I typed as INTJ, and now I'm an INFJ. When I found out I typed and tested as an INFJ, I was like "Hell nah! I'm an INTJ! I'm rational and logical more than anything else!" But something I realized, as I came to terms with who I truly am - mbti really was a catalyst and a big help in making me feel more comfortable in my own skin - is that I was an INFJ. I value and respect logic, but I'm more of a person who runs along the lines of the Fe-Ti approach.

I look everywhere; sky, nature, ground, people, nowhere. There is not one place I look when walking. I tend to not look at people though; I don't really like making eye contact with strangers. INFJHow about Noah (Ryan Gosling)?
ENTP. No mention of wanderlust, experiences or inspiring people to be an ENFP. Adventures would the be the highest priority for you if you were an ENFP. A lot of types love adventures but ENFP have a desire to need it. Makes sense, the workplace favors Ti/Te over Fe/Fi.Very high Ne - why you don't like to make decisions, scattered brained, and always want to have new experiences. 

Very low Si - why you forget small details, have little planning, and no self awareness. 

Survey says ENFP. I noticed a lot of mma fighters are xSTPs as well. I wouldn't be surprised if he was an ENTP. It's hard to tell if this is all an act. Probably ESFP. He shows a lot of Se like traitsENTP. You show a lot of Ne and Ti. Just to let you know as an INFJ, intelligence and personality aren't correlated. 

Sure it's stereotypically said that INFJ's are perfectionists but remember there's some leeway to all of this. I'm not perfectionist at all. I'm rather just efficient with my time and energy in my work. 

Remember a thread about this came up in r/INFJ that we appear intelligent because we spend a lot of the thought on abstract ideas.

As well as we use our Fe to help people understand our mistakes so they don't have to first hand. So we come off as wise. INxx dwell on things way more than they should. I know as an INFJ we can forgive, but we don't forget. From over thinking and not taking things at face value. We want to find hidden meanings in every action. Maybe it isn't the person's fault for steering us wrong, but we know if it happened before, then there's always a chance it can happen again.  If you ever wanted know the types that can let it go: I would say ENxP. It seems the low Si makes it easy to forget and move on. You mean how to stop overthinking? If so, that's the million dollar question over at r/infj. Probably we need to use Se more often. That's hard, it could be a Ni-Ti loop where you need them to get out of the house to think about something else. Oh okay, when I door slam someone that means 'I no longer acknowledge they exist - as in they are dead to me'. 

This also means that that it's irreverisble because that INFJ has moved on and unfortunately you need to as well. 

Sometimes I can doorslam somone but still hold respect for them. This just means I don't want to do anything with them unless I have to. Kind of like not burning their bridge because I know they can offer some value to me later in life.  
These are deep questions that feel instinctive. So it's hard to explain on a logical level. The best I can say is, it's our coping mechanism in how we handle people we don't like. While I like to think there's a possbility, but I'm going to go with a no (sorry). Even if I do acknowledge I was wrong, I've already moved on and there's no benefit for me. If anything, it would just be a learning lesson.

As for Ni-Ti, that's something the INFJ needs to get over by themself and that's by using their Fe and Se. Unfortunatly this is purely an emotional decision and something that you will have to respect regardless of how bs it is. I'm sorry.Ya, this crazy is coming from the heart though, not the brain.I'll PM you.Ya, I can see Ni being the biggest culprit.They're not exact opposites, but close enough to be considered. 

ISFP are stylish in their appearance, outgoing, live in the present and do things based on their personal values. Think Lady Gaga.

INTJ would wear the same thing every day if it was social acceptable to do so. Prefer isolated activities in the comfort of their home, do what logically makes sense. Think Mark Zuckerberg. &gt; would be stylish even if being stylish were not socially acceptable, right?

Can you give an example?Oh man this is amazing! 

To further state why most INFJ's are buddhist or at least tried is because of its 3 main principles:

* to lead a moral life,
* to be mindful and aware of thoughts and actions, and
* to develop wisdom and understanding.

This the what the INFJ is naturally good at regardless of the religion.

I would argue the ENTP would more into Pastafarianism.I'm not the most knowledgable about Fi but it does work based on intrinsically motivated values.Why do INFJs have a hard time letting go of things in the past?My best guess is your friend suffers from the sunken cost fallacy and Idealism. 

Relationships are hard especially for introverts that either have high standards or taken the time to truly know someone. So when they have a relationship, it's basically winning the lottery and not feeling like it will happen again. 

That person has invested a lot of time and energy into him relationship and doesn't want to start over. Not to mention he's able to see the good part of the relationships. 

Red flags just look like flags when you are wearing rose colored glasses. You know it!Do you have a need to be right? Do you care about hurting people's feelings? (Even if it's tough love)OP your choices are spot on. I like  the nuances of the MBTI that fit with the types. lLike ISTP being ice because they are chill, ENFP for being fairy maniacs, and INFJ for having psychic foresight. It seems the trolling ENTPs are immature kids who like to get a reaction out people. The smart cunning ones tend to be more mature in a tempt to open ones mind. Woah, sorry to upset you, and yes ISTJs are good giving tough love. I'm leaning towards ISFJ, but I'm still not 100% sure. How creative are you? Like do you naturally gravitate to creative activities?Are you being a caretaker by choice? I'm leaning towards ISTJ now. Connor is a ESTP just like Chael Sonnen. Look no further than his insta to see how huge his Se is. 

Lesnar is ISTP. Super chill and not boastful. A true honest worker. 

Holly might be a SJ. I don't know her that well. She's definitely humble and level headed for beating Ronda. Ya I see it first hand from my mom (ISTJ) and her sister (INFP). Mom gets really passive aggressive when her sister mentions spirituality or unrealistic dreams such as winning the lottery.high Ni and Ne users. I understand, I'm just saying I know why ISTJs generally don't like INFPs.All I had to read was the first sentence to know she's an ENFPCan't tell you much, but as long as the person is able to be patient with an INFJ, they can be compatible.Oh, I recommend you talk about your problems in r/INFJ. Arguably the best sub to vent to. I want to say Ne with Ni as a close second. 

The most predictable is absolutely Si. 
How so?I have an ISTJ mom and ya growing was very strict routine based. She has mellowed out though and has always been there when I needed her so they're good people if they're on your side. r/entrepreneur has a lot of xNTJ'sMine is ENFP and I love them. Here’s why:

- They are never boring, they always have an idea to do something
- Their true state of happiness is endearing
- They know how to get me out of my comfort zone and thus become a better person
- They know how to be assertive when I can't
- They ask questions that I haven’t thought of.

But not everything’s perfect though. Here’s some things that can be difficult:

- They get bored easy, and I can be boring :/
- Their ideas can be too idealistic and hate being the bearer of bad news that it’s not going to happen.
- They highly dislike mundane chores despite how much of a necessity they are.
- Having to remind them to finish things they started
- Try not to take their selfish tendencies from Fi too personally
- They can’t be held financially responsible a lot of the timesMostly high Fe users. It's the ability to care and sympathize others that make them feel like a good guy because they aren't self absorbed. People underestimate the whole not being able to be understood as an INFJI can see ESTJ, without a doubt a big user of Te.The wanting to travel, experience things, actively engaging their senses, and being spontaneous. It's a blessing and a curse to say I know how you feel and mean it. 

Be mistaken as a extrovert when we're really comfortable with the situation. 

Be mistaken for actions and not our intentions. I.e. ENFP gets mad when I tell her you shouldn't go to Antarctica to save penguins right after college. 

A lot of sadness when you're able to give so much but no one really wants to receive. 

Overthinking a lot of situations and ultimately being too hard on yourself on things that weren't your fault. 

To plan things out to an absolute T but having little desire to execute it. 

Have a hard time letting go of the past. 


While I don't know about that, but mine definitely were the most popular and well liked by a long shot. 

They always had photogenic memory and the obedience to always do what they're told. This is 90%~ of what you need to be successful in school. I'm guessing INFP. He's not called big money salvia for nothing!I love big money salvia! it's hard to say if that's really his personality or just acting. Judging on his videos, he's a xNTP. He shows a lot of witty/scattered-brained ideas which suggests strong Ne user.Can't say for the actor and I do feel it's too early to really say (I don't read the comics). I get an ENTJ vibe but I wouldn't rule out ENTP or ESTJ yet. xNTJ. Future thinker, goal setter, terrible interpersonal skills, analytical, and independent are what they do do I see a strong resemblance to you. They have no problem introducing themselves and will usually have a genuine smile. 

Then they'll eventually and awkwardly excuse themselves to go talk to someone else or whatever they want to do. I only watched 2 minutes and I can tell she's an ExFJ. Too much Fe for a supposed Fi user.I'm an atheist but I can recognize Jesus being one of the greatest INFJs to ever lived. Because of the negative stigma of mbti being associated with astrology and constant mistyping because of not knowing the cognitive functions, it's unlikely. Enfps are just generally animated and big into facial expressions. H I T L E R

I

T

L

E

R
I own a motivational print shop, children's author, and host a podcastI see IxFP. A lot of Fi. I see it when he talked about the problems of individualism of social media, how he reacted to his girlfriend cheating on him, and super into photography.I just hate people are criticizing it without knowing cognitive functions. People are only criticizing the tests which is *not* what MBTI is.Has anyone noticed no one talks about the functions when giving it criticism?Now with more info about him and reading the comics, I can see ENTP now. He's very manipulative and humorous.You know itIxTJ. Too involved in being right or opinionated to be ISTP.I'm an infj that was also pretty much the exact situation with an enfp girl. This really resonated with me with the same good and bad parts. Sounds like INFPInfj can be outgoing and when comfortable with the situation. Because you said you're energy is from being alone then most def introvert. Technically there is no perfect match but from my personal opinion it would be ENFP. YMMV.Way to make INTJs look bad (and MBTI in general)ENFPs are more engaging from the get go while ISFPs need time.

While both are dreamers, ENFPs are more idealistic while ISFPs are realistic. &gt; INFJs are capable of cruelty

IMO manipulation is the better word.I own a motivational print shop and host a podcast. Create and sell motivational quotes and phrases through the use of typography and visual elements. Think hobby lobby but way better. Its important to note people can subscribe to multiple subs and the amount of intuition bias/mostypings.The biggest problems are how they go about introverted vs extroverted. Just because you're more social doesn't mean anything. It's all about where you recharge your energy levels. The tests do not suggest this at all. Sounds like INFJ which makes sense because the ENFP fits well with that type. They can seem extroverted when they're with people they are comfortable with.Any type can be judgy depending on where they at with their life. If I had to guess I would say ISFP. Without a doubt he’s Fi dom as he’s true to himself and how how he expresses his emotions in his songs. I see quite a bit of the stereotypical Se that a lot of rappers have i.e. into partying, drinking/smoking (maybe drugs, idk) and materialistic things that flaunt wealth. Speaking for myself, tend to be out of touch with the physical world which leads to forgetting where things are placed and not great at most physical activities such as sports. A lot of people say he's INFPIt's always weird. I'm hoping someone can enlighten me on the function about why ENFPs can be so spontaneous and adventurous without Se?

I do understand that everyone has shadow functions that rarely if ever get used though. Makes sense why reddit would be a INxx wonderland. You don’t have to interact with anyone you don’t want to. Doesn’t matter if you know the person or not. You can take your time replying. There’s a subreddit for anything. It’s one of the greatest places to meet people like you.Yo this is too accurateBecause reddit hits all the things infjs value the most. A sense of belonging, understanding (well sometimes not outside of mbti lol), privacy, and the option to be social without really being social.
Same here, a lot of social media was contributing to stress and just negative energy (also anxiety) in my life, and I've taken the time to reduce my social media presence a lot compared to when I was younger. The social media I do upkeep, I mainly observe or do it for myself, post things I enjoy for my own sake. I do try to make a conscious effort not to become over the top and stick to my own principles. Besides that, I honestly think if I were to keep in touch with someone, they are already meaningful to me, and I expect us to pick up a regular conversation like it was just yesterday whenever (assuming our relationship has already been established) so communication is not the issue (though perhaps frequency of communication might be). The rest, I guess I just don't see the time to put an effort in it if it's not sincere or genuine out of my own heart and theirs, I don't wish to keep up appearances just for pretense purposes.I feel like this is me. Whenever I need to make a decision, I will weigh out all options, and logically the most logical option makes complete sense yet in the end, I choose to go with my own heart because I know that a certain part of me will be uncomfortable or feeling something that has gone wrong if I don't choose to listen to my own feelings, despite the very obvious logical answer. I do realize that sometimes I just make things more difficult for myself, but it wouldn't feel right if I hadn't done it my way either (I'm also super stubborn too lol).
I had an idea of an rpg where each cognitive function was a different stat. Dominant function determines class, aux determines subclass, tert and inferior determine other proficiency. 

Player's greatest weakness would be the inverse of their inferior and so on.


**N**- Governs magic use

Ni-more focused spell pool with emergent strategies, ability to gain extra information from reading,

Ne-greater crafting variety, spell variety, able to ask more questions in dialogue 


**S**- Governs physical ability

Si- higher attack and defense, crafts much more powerful items over time, apt at holding long term influence over specific factions.

Se- higher evasion, crit rates and speed, able to craft things with much less experience, gains faction influence quickly, can easily play multiple factions


**T**- Governs damage potential in combat

Ti- Superior single target damage and self defense,

Te- Superior crowd control and party protection, "cold" negotiation (can demand more money, intimidate) 

**F**- Governs buff and healing potential in combat 

Fi- Powerful close range healing and buffs,
items crafted are more beautiful and thus more valuable

Fe- Whole party healing and buffs, "warm" negotiation (makes personal appeals, gains personal rapport)



With this system my own type (infj) would be 
1. Ni- a focused magic user
2. Fe- heals and buffs the entire party
3. Ti- decent single target damage
4. Se- mediocre dexterity and faction mobility


This system would probably take an astronomical amount of work to iron out the logical consistencies alone. I sure wish I could code without collapsing in tearful frustration.

[edit] This thread might be losing steam but something was bothering me about this post and it took me a while for it to dawn on me, there's a bit of an overlap between Si and the T stats both having to do with physical damage. Si would have more to do "stats" in a tradition sense, measuring the strength of body, while the T stats would determine skill and ability to execute techniques. 

It might be good to partition the functions more realistically. 

Pi functions (ni, si) could control the manner in which a character develops. 

Pe functions (ne, se) might control the nature of information available from NPCs (in combat or conversation) and the environment. 

Ji functions (Ti, Fi) could be the way a character interacts with itself (Ti selectively improving stats, or Fi healing and applying buffs). 

Je functions (Te, Fe) mostly stay the same controlling combat and negotiations. 

God the more I prattle on, the more convoluted and unattainable the game becomes. Because it doesn't belong to them in their scenario?

Probably not the healthiest reaction but I'd probably think:
&gt;Who the hell broke my goddamn vase?I something similar but it's more that the massive answer I typed has little to do with their question and I just wanted to hash out my own thoughts. &gt;notebook candles alternative-medicine 

C'mon, you can do better than 30%. Seems like you had a teenage girl INFJ in mind. I'm an INFJ and my roommate is an ISTP. We are very different internally but look somewhat more similar on the outside. Biggest difference is he has an awareness (Se) of what's going on around him at all times. He is unperturbed by the outside world and always understands  the social dynamics of whichever situation he finds himself in (unless people are acting "weird" aka being too N). 

I on the other hand have a constant awareness to the inside of my head (Ni). Tracking thoughts long term and building upon old ideas with new stimulus. I have to be careful about the words that I say because they won't make sense as raw data. I'm constantly working hard to translate my thoughts into human thoughts. Ni usually comes off as detatched, self absorbed and intense. Hope this helps.It depends on the situation and my mood. If I allow myself to become unhealthy enough in an insecure or unfamiliar place I'd become distressed by my surroundings, overthinking, talking in a panicked tone, and losing my composure. 

In a place like home or work, I would get  angry at the people around me for allowing me to carry too much pressure alone. Not really proud of how out of touch I can be sometimes.


At my best I analyze the stressor and begin mentally separating myself from it. Explaining to myself how I can't actually be harmed by the present situation on a physical, social or emotional level and weighing my different options for solving the problem with the best possible outcome. These are my impressions of how each function tends to affect speech and communication. 

**Ni doms**: Can be cryptic and slow when not using other functions as supplements. Good at explaining logical or philosophical perspectives. 

**Si doms**: Usually relaxed and self assured, good at explaining the world as they see it in depth

**Both Pi**: don't tend to care about feedback or give-and-take as much as explaining their own point of view 

**Ne doms**: Often fast and giddy in speech but can be reserved and refined as well. Good at opening up new avenues for conversation with high energy, rejects conventions or thought structures in problem solving in order to see all possibilites

**Se doms**: Speak with control and directness, superhuman focus. Good at emphasizing what *should* be obvious to others, dismantling blind spots and defining the world as they see it.

**Ti doms**: Can be monotone, often deliberate. Reserved, only revealing information if necessary for solving a problem or aligning their own thoughts. 

**Fi doms**: This function I have least developed understanding of. Fi speech is deliberate like Ti but rarely monotone. Their tone seems a direct reflection of their internal state. They seem comfortable trailing off and leaving sentences somewhat undefined (which would feel distressing for a Ti user)

**Te doms**: Often abrupt, feels like they grab a conversation and wring out logical information like a washcloth. 

**Fe doms**: Animated and expressive, manipulative in the sense that they try to get others to mirror their own emotionsLol in retrospect, what I said about Pi Dom's could apply to basically any type for different reasons.Lol I've seen so many INTPs take similar issue to Ni descriptions. You guys relate to Ni and it frustrates you because you want to construct an orderly mental representation of it as something that exists entirely separate from yourselfs as Ne users. Depending on the theory you subscribe to, Ne users have a strong subconscious Ni that they choose to disregard because their minds prefer to use Ne.What is tailspin thinking?The ENTP I know is an odd guy. He's constantly trying to get people together to play board games but he gets really frustrated about having a lot of people around. 

Pretty much any time we find ourselves alone he goes to serious topics, then starts venting and criticizing the rest of the group. It's a little difficult to respond since I like to stay positive about new people unless they disrespect me directly. Never thought I'd see the day tbhNot a vegan, but I think veganism is good... This kind of applies to my whole life unfortunately. I know what a morally pure lifestyle would look like and it looks hard as fuck, so I'll just pretend to be a nihilist. 

The chart is surprisingly accurate to my perceptions. Millennial and post Millennial SJs definitely don't always fit the stereotypes presented in MBTI literature as traditional and conservative. The platinum rule is better for everyone. 

Can you elaborate on that bit about personal freedom? I don't see how it fits into this equation. I like ru-ya's description of it as an echo chamber. Pretty much every time I think about Ni, I see it in a different way than the last.

Often the mind is a stage, archetypes and schemas are both the props and the actors. Throughout the day hundreds of plays are had. The number depends on the amount of stresses and worries on the mind and the tone depends on the users mood. The plays can range from long drawn out dramas to abrupt, telling skits. Sometimes it's one situation repeated ten times, each with a different outcome and sometimes they all have the same outcome. Ni draws on these conclusions and uses Se interference to disrupt the narratives and Ti to reevaluate internal biases. Props are tweaked and improved before returning to the library. Some archetypes get special attention and favoritism, because Ni unconsciously sees massive potential in fleshing out its associations. It loves the stone that could build a wall, the tone that could build a song, or the quality that could lead to self actualization.  

In moments of high contentedness and fidelity with the outside world, Ni's homemade archetypes and concepts rise to the surface of consciousness to be observed in their full glory.  This is the only time that they can be seen as they are without needing to be involved in some sort of fantasy or worry. These are the most beautiful moments for an Ni dom. I guess I can see that. Probably has to do with thinkers being less inclined to invest energy in developing their emotional intelligence. 

Often the inverse of your scenario happens to me. I usually assume that no one cares enough to insult me even if it's a pretty clear insult. If someone later tells that they meant it personally, then I get pissed.What does it sound like when ENTPs dance?niceYeah! I love this description of Ti because it makes decent sense for an ISTP as well instead of just explaining what it's like to be an INTP like many. Definitely feel this. I think the second type of Ni is the simply the result of low self esteem. Why do you believe this?Surprisingly accuratethat frustrated Ti lookI agree to a certain extent, we as a type often develop large obtrusive flaws and think about them in a completely incorrect way for long periods of time. We can be too distracted by inner disturbances to be attentive and considerate, and too self-loathing to be genuine and vulnerable. For me engagement with others is deeply associated with neediness, pain, judgement and rejection so avoiding people is compulsive. I have to contradict myself and betray the pull of my heart in order to not be a dick and sometimes I can't seem to do it. 

About going after the weak to service the ego... I've seen myself do it and it's disturbing. My vanity grosses me out sometimes. It's surreal to see us describes as universally pure hearted and benevolent when that's just how we wish people would see us. 

Overall this is just about immaturity and maladaptiveness. Everyone has their flaws and the massive depth of Ni leaves a lot of room for nastiness to grow. Everyone deserves to be forgiven for the person they were before they grew up but unfortunately some people never fix themselves.Fe can be used inappropriately to manipulate people in order to gain a feeling of social strength. I don't fully agree. Although it might be inaccurate to say that Ni *is* focusing on your own ideas, there's no denying that the mind of an Ni-dom tends to gravitate towards observation of concepts that resonate with their sense of self and rejects ideas that they lack the energy or interest to absorb. "my ideas" may lack nuance of what Ni really is but it isn't far off the mark. Yes I think I am talking about Ti a little bit here but I think my point still stands. Ni being directed inward will be stimulated by its Ji counterpart. Although Ti is not a part of my Ni, it is Ni's nature to be oriented towards Ti.Yeah I'm fairly certain I'm an INFJ, I have considered INTJ and INFP in the past but Te,Fi and Ne don't seem to be functions that I use. I want to argue more because I felt a little bit looked down on earlier but you are right that I'm relying too much on my subjective observations about myself. I've only just recently learned methods to identify and break Ni-Ti loops but I still spend a lot of thinking about problems that don't matter and using thrill seeking behavior for relief.  It never occurred to me this could by why I find little in common with most internet INFJs, despite how obvious it sounds now . Interesting. I understand what you are saying but *incorporating* it into my understanding is a little beyond my energy levels at the moment, especially with all of the uncertainty involved.Thank you for saying so! you've made my dayHmm, what I'm describing as an Ni-Ti loop feels like being stuck in a tunnel and I heavily associate it with anxiety. I'll have a vague problem (almost always related to my sense of self) and an anxious sense of urgency to fix it in order to relieve the pressure. I'll spend hours googling to find more specific information, pestering my friends with questions, feeling that gaining more insight is impossible. Most of the time the solution is to simply question whether the problem is even real or objectively worth any of my attention and the "walls" of the tunnel dissolve.Oh lol, your comment makes much more sense to me nowadaysI'm a 4w5. Thrill seeking may be a bit of an exaggeration but I'm attracted to the "anti-glamour" of sex and drugs and use it to escape feeling dull.Yeah me too. Inferior Se makes me easily overstimulated in loud environments. Trying to interpret outward chaos's impact on the inner state makes me distant and unresponsive. Reminds me of discriptions inattentive ADHD.

I usually don't process noises associated with misophania like sniffles and coughing unless I'm very tired.Usually I'm very quiet (especially around strangers but often even with my close friends and family), preccopied with spacing out or thinking. When I'm in a good mood I could talk to anyone about anything. I've actually been called socially dominating, like an ENFJ minus the social graceJust be observant of the introvert's body language. If we are annoyed or want to be left alone we'll almost always send out some sort of signal. The only time I think of someone as an "annoying extrovert" is when I feel I'm being held hostage in conversation with no attention being payed to my feedback or lack thereof ( seems more of an EJ thing but I think all types are capable of this, even introverts in some situations)
Contradictory
Mitch Hedberg

INFJIn my experience, ENTJs are quite willing to ignore rules they don't find applicable. If a rule intended for one purpose prevents them from achieving an unrelated goal, they often disregard the rule. Also, if the rule is nonsensical, silly, petty, or useless, they are happy to ignore it.I guess I feel differently than you do as a feeler (INFJ). I don't gush over my feels, and compliments about my brainpower aren't over my head. I am also attracted to NT types, and one of my favorite things about them is the great conversations about everything. Politics, social issues, ideas to improve ourselves or world systems, etc. I get so much satisfaction from these conversations where I can really examine and refine my own perspective by discussing with someone who is just as interested. 

I've been with my ENTJ husband for two decades, and the conversations never get old. His compliments to me are similar to the ones you've heard. He really enjoys being able to talk about things with someone as knowledgeable and interested as he is. That's what he finds attractive about me. I know he has warm, affectionate, lovely feelings of attachment to me, but our chemistry really stems from our intuitive thought processes connecting. And that is romantic. He's attracted to my ideas and opinions and communication. It's the best.I know what you mean. But I think there's a give and take - a reason NTs and NFs are often attracted. What I lack in logical genius, I make up for with the magical ability to see things from perspectives the NT didn't even take into account. It adds an extra dynamic to the conversation that rationals really seem to value.There are as many personalities as there are people in the world - 7.4 billion. Even within the 16 types there will be major variations. Each person reflects their unique combination of genetics and experiences. Me too. :)I learn best watching and doing. Reading works if I'm really interested in the subject. Listening is all in one ear and out the other.Definitely full of shit. However, if your theory were correct, there would be an increasing number of NTs as humans evolve socially, especially in places where challenging the status quo is more acceptable.

My own theory, which could also be bullshit, is that SJs are plentiful because they keep the world going round. They take on the role of maintaining the here and now both socially and logistically, while other types are dreaming about tomorrow, or collecting information, or doing whatever their type contributes.&gt;there are more white NTs than other races and whites have lived in places where challenging the status quo is more acceptable. 

Maybe, but I'm interested in the role systemic racism contributes to that...I'm not suggesting that the findings themselves are racist. I'm suggesting that systemic racism could be a factor in there being a measurable difference in the numbers of NTs who are white compared to other race groups. There is a difference between the intentional, hateful racism of individuals, and the subtle ingrained racism that societies perpetuate without being aware of it. Sometimes statistics reveal systemic racism that people are completely unaware of.I'm saying there might be.That's definitely something you could look into. :)
INFJ and I'm extremely infatuated with ENTPs. They are so confident, seems to naturally lead and does the cutest things. They are fun to say mushy stuff to and I enjoy helping them rule the world. So cute.I think my identity was the 'innocent' kind although I wasn't specifically going for it. I was interested in a lot of things from plenty of groups so I incorporated them in my very very uniques style in highschool. (I dressed horribly) My school was very fluid in what we called popular or cool so everyone had a chance to shine. We were a community. Omfg every time I'm off of work I get annoyed because I wake up and I'm just like "well 20 more hours til I have to get back to work." I have to tell myself to forget about what I have to do later and just enjoy my time off. It doesn't really work too well. Stop it.To be honest, I wanted to argue this. I really did but this is one of those times that you tend to not realize it until the light is right upon you. There's someone that I care about who I know doesn't feel exactly the same way I do, When he wrongs me, I start waking away with all the right reasons in my head but drop all those same great reasons immediately when he does something sweet. 

The reason why we don't want advice or opinions is because we already know that we are wrong and acting irrationally. We know how to fix it, but we are blatantly ignoring it for the instant gratification. 

It's a dirty feeling, but it's worth the dose of happiness that person gives me. It just *feels* easier even if it isn't.It's very sad. I don't want to change. I do, but not right now. If I stick with it, I get some fun along with the bad times right now. If I let it go, I'd have to go through bad times to even be able to touch the new good times. I am not ready for that. 

I guess it's because I'm stressed in other aspects of my life and I just want to hold on to anything that has SOME positivity for right now. Kind of like some sort of makeshift armor. I do know of other INFJs that tend to make the weirdest and worse love decisions when other traumatic stuff is happening around them. That's just an observation though.Female INFJ.

My dream house is a full brownstone in the upper west side Manhattan. 
It features: 

* Minimalistic furniture 
 * very muted colors ( dark grey, black, wood)  with one loud color (like a deep but bright teal, pinkyred or corn yellow. Maybe all of those. ) with gold trimmings. 
* Losts of space but not too many rooms.
* Tons of light. Like high quality light. Plus Windows. 
* Some of the walls are mirrors
* I will have my own office, bedroom, living room, dining room, kitchen, 3 bathrooms and a big multipurpose room.
*kitchen has black appliances with dark grey marbled counters and tiled grey walls. Bathroom is similar.


But rn I just want a room instead of this couch. Be lucky if you have a room. :'( my old one is 15 hours away.Yes! Almost exactly! INFJ

Noooope. I'm not saying anything. I'd politely let that friend know to keep stuff like that to themselves in the future and never speak on it again.

....Unless it was the murder of someone I knew or cared about. I would act as if I was okay with it and report them later. Nobody takes away from me like that. It becomes personal; an eye for an eye. 

yes, but instead of 'diva' make it 'marauder'. :)This right here.
There was no need for that hostility and it's cracking me up. Holy shit me too! :) 

Don't worry about finding YOUR type right now. I went from INTP, INTJ to my final INFJ. I figured out after a while because I was reading about the functions for fun and realized I had overlooked very obvious traits in myself.

Because of Fe, I saw myself as selfish for wanting *anything* and because of my poor understanding of Fi I thought I had it. 

I knew I had Ni, I just didn't know what it was. I knew that I had it but I didn't know that I had a name or would even be called a function. 

Se was a no brainer when I read upon it. 

What cleared all this up for me is understanding the functions in a way I could *really* understand and recognize and **THEN** looked inwards. Read your old diaries or social networks. Remember how you reacted in your past. Ask people who know you about yourself. 

The more you know is the more your type will be disgustingly obvious, but you have to know what to look for first! It could take a while or it can take a day. But do your research on both sides until you come to a conclusion!

I'm always falling for class clowns. For some reason they are so so charming. if you can genuinely surprise me and make me laugh uncontrollably, then I want you. They seem to like me because of my reactions and can appreciate that I like them for who they are instead of what society wants them to be. 

I usually can talk to them in a duality; One conversation with two meanings. It's fun and I don't have to explain myself or really put myself out there when I'm with them because they just know what I mean. For me it depends completely on who does it. 

  My closet friends and crushes can tease me because it's usually something I find true and they recognize it but still want to be close to me. My real friends used to always complain that I like to expand on certain topics far too much like a textbook and it made me feel good that they can still accept my quirks. It weirdly becomes a compliment. 

But if it's someone else besides my true inner circle, they better keep their comments to themselves. I once had a date call me 'big head' in jest right before we met and for some reason it turned me right off. So basically .. Yeah? 
I'm sorry, I don't get this at all right now. I'll try tomorrow.But that's what i mean, I'm not sayin Ne or Ni is related to the actual data itself, it's more of what your brain does with that data. I'm not quite grasping your definition of Ne, but Ni still sounds about right from what I was thinking.Ok, and I agree with that. To me, you don't understand the scattered peices, they are what they are. You see them. Hell no. I don't dance even by myself.1. INFJ
2. 21 turning 22 soon
3. Mom is an ESFP, My dad is ISTJ
4. Receptionist at a startup beauty bar
5. I plan to be single and 
6. childless for life.
7. Occasionally. I have a extremely low tolerance. When drunk, I'm all about fun. I want to know if everyone is having as much fun as me and I'm down for literally whatever which is why I limit where and how much I drink. So so so dangerous. 
8. I do smoke flower, mainly for IBS but also recreationally. I'm in the difficult process of getting a card. I do it when I can afford to since it's expensive and I have plenty of obligations that take precedence. 
9. I don't watch TV. I play video games and read books. I like MOBAS and MMORPGS and I love slice of life novels that offer a different perspective to life. 
10. I wouldn't say religious. Techincally I'm a Christian, but my veiws are far from traditional so it's hard to outright call myself that. I believe fundamentally in love. If you love your neighbors, you wouldn't steal, cheat, lie or do anything to cause them harm. "Live in love with the world God created" is my motto. 
11. I'm on my way to work. I'm excited actually, I love my job. I get paid well, my coworkers are sugar and I feel valued as an employee. GL @ work op with that ridiculous shift! Lmao thanks! I think ESTJs are cool because you guys are the type to press coal into diamonds manually. And you got it! It's awesome you have such a bright future!* How can I be a valuable employee at my job
* How to gain confidence 
* Canned soup
* How to be a better everybody person
* Is this a cold? This is too mild for a cold. I can go to work. 
*  They probably think I'm stupid lol I won't do that next time.
* How do I look to all these people? Stupid? 
* no I'm not offended it's okay no need for apology friend I'm okay
* I kinda want to take a nap alone in a dark room but this is okay too
* Please stop looking at me
* Shit what the fuck
* Yo seriously what the fuck 
* Be prepared for everything. If you fumble, you'll look incompetent
* That felt awkward
* -thinks about three months in the future- I hope I'm still here (or not depending) 
* You don't have to like me, but I hope my presence is beneficial or at least non offending to you. 
* PLEASE GET OUT OF MY WAY I'm glad you enjoyed it. :)
I might be you, but it depends on what you consider you.  

And honestly no, I was just thinking about dinner, but that's what I'm thinking *now*. So yes. I feel personally attacked Exactly this. The younger me was so trusting. I believed that majority of people were good and can be understanding and open. Growing up made me realized that that's simply not true. I'm disgusted by the selfish opinions of others mostly. The more I get exposed to it is the more cynical I get. 

What would help is to maybe offer a point of view with solid fact. I'm tired of asking people why they are being selfish and getting nothing but excuses. I don't speak up unless I know what I'm taking about so that's why I have that attitude when I get into it with someone. 

EDIT: I'm super guilty of talking down to people. I do it when their argument is so flimsy that it disgusts me that they walk around like that ESPECIALLY if they had just disturbed the social harmony because of it. I lose respect and that's why I come across like that. I know I'm late, but what helped me was find in an old social network account and putting it up against the functions. Find some old writings of yours. What structure?

*what structure*

I'd be ISFJ hands down. Leave him be. It will be excruciating for him to backtrack now after all this hoopla.The road eternal! That sounds amazing. I don't really value my past or a 'home' so experiencing new spaces while my needs are all met would be amazing. 

Next would be the fisher King. I would have pick this first if not for the short vacations I would be able to take. :/
Plus it hard to choose where I want my house.I wouldn't call myself a prophet. I think that's a outsider looking in kind of thing. My opinions and predictions are specific and likely which can give off an "all knowing vibe." 

*however*

That doesn't mean that others aren't capable of doing that. Muhammad is tricky since its religious and that adds a lot of factors that can lead him to be mistyped. If an ESTJ had direct visions from God, It wouldn't be weird to see them being a prophet or disciple. 

.... I'm not following. lol

All I'm saying is that it's a little hard to pinpoint Muhammad since his experiences were **so** unique. At the end of the day, *everyone* has the ability to be a prophet or whatever depending on the circumstances. 

If you are referring to the INTJ, I'm telling you it doesn't matter if you're correct. It's not like he's gonna apologize even if he realizes he's wrong .INFJ. 

I think this is a man in his mid life crisis. He's rich, well known, has influence anything he could possible want. He still feels empty. All those glory days of his youth are just memories; Nothing fills him up with passion anymore. He starts taking politics seriously. Those thoughts grow stronger until he finally says fuck it and he tries his hand at the presidency. This excites him. He has an audience. 

Honestly I kinda feel bad for him in a way. Tldw :'(I did. Mbti &amp; astrology are my interests/hobbies. It would be a bonus if I matched with someone who at least  knows what I'm talking about. 

 I don't think it's 'lame' especially since you already browse reddit to gain a better understanding of mbti or share your thoughts. It's really no different imo than listing your favorite movies or books. When I completely understand. I feel so good when I have understood something from all angles. I like this. I honestly hope so. They seem so pointless now, at least to me. The more I learn about functions is the more it's glaringly obvious that most people don't know what they are or who they are or what mbti is supposed to actually be about. Most of it is regurgitated personality profile information. It's hard to gauge if you are 'that guy' sometimes. 

I wanna be mad and call people it but I'm also ignorant to a degree and would hate that to happen to me so I just don't. THIS needs to be the new INFJ imagery. I'm really getting sick of the compleately baseless "INFJs cry so emotional so magical so irrational" stereotype. I'm not offended, I'm just annoyed how blatantly wrong it is. Rarely. I went to age appropriate parties and even hosted my own but only twice did I ever go to a real party.Why is **creeped out** not an optionI would give them the right to explain why they think that X should be implemented. I would peacefully debate until I can come to a conclusion I’m comfortable with. 

This is a small group and not the majority and I would pride myself for doing what was right for most because you can’t please everyone realistically. One of the two forms of Intuition that creates or intuits by organizing information. You can do this too. Everyone does this. The difference of how it manifests is based on where it is in your function order or if it’s in there at all. Stock INFJ uses their values(F) to connect with others(e) and uses their reasoning(T) as their identity(i). 
Jack shares what he likes and how he feels to pander to others, but when he decides what’s logically correct he needs no input and likely will be stubborn to it. 

Stock INTJ uses their reasoning (T)to connect with others(e) and their their values(F) as their identity(i). 
Maybel shares what she thinks is logically correct to others to pander but the way she feels about something needs no input and is sacred to her. 
Life is concept defining the series of events and amount of time experienced by an animate object that also processes consciousness. Isn't Ni like the function that takes scattered information and makes conclusions based on it and Ne the ability to see one conclusion and separate the peices to see what put it together? 
And that's why Ni is considered to be a 'future' function because the peices are what's here and now and the conclusion comes after which is the future. 

Or does this not at all make sense? How would you describe based on the functions the behaviors of the two men in below? I'm being ambiguous as to what exactly I'm asking for so I can get the most unbiased answer:

Dave and Mark are both captains on a battleship. Their leading style is very different from each other. Dave jumps head first into battle because he easily and quickly makes decisions the best when he constantly gains new information about his environment. His weakness is that he is only one person, so the lack of protocol render his crew useless. Dave lives as if the future doesn't exist.

Mark is very slow to action when faced with something new because he's extremely cautious. He likes to compare and contrast data to come up with the most efficient plan so not only can he do it well the first time, he could do it perfectly everytime. He has a preset plan for all situations his crew has faced, and they all work together in sync because they all know the protocol. Mark lives in the future and treats the present as a step. 


INFJ &amp; INTJ would be my suggestions.

From personal experience and anecdotal accounts of others, Ni doms seem to often have a very wide range of skills and diverse interests, and almost just prefer finding and learning new skills over investing deeply into a single thing. 

As someone else here said, they make of hobby of collecting hobbies. Nope. Definitely talking about Ni.

INTJ are chronic hobby-jumpers. INFJ can be, and ime often are, exactly the same. I know, because I've been one for almost 40 years. Myself, INFJ, and my older brother, INTJ, are both polymaths. My partner is an INFJ polymath. We do exist, whether you believe in us or not.

Apologies for snark, low on patience today.

I do agree tho that Ne doms, ENFP and ENTP especially, are basically designed  to be polymaths. Thank you for you comment.

&gt;This characteristic of INTJs is often discussed in r/INTJ

Exactly.

And if you check /r/INFJ, there's a new thread damn near every week of someone asking if it's an INFJ trait to have so many interests that they can't pick a career path. It's up there with *DAE got teh feels?* and *fear mah doorslams* posts, ffs. 

Diverse interests are almost INxJ cliches. lol

Hmm, that's a good one.

So a person sees someone they don't especially respect being very wasteful, and they decide to take action to offset that wastefulness in a manner that could be argued as theft, but is kind of a moral grey area; the results benefit this person and their friends, but the motivation was probably more to do with taking an appropriate moral action in direct spite of this other person's inconsiderate wastefulness. 

I think this is a demonstration of a person with a strong extroverted judgment function in their first or secondary position. I don't think we can tell which it is, between Fe or Te, without knowing more about the person. At least I can't. But I think that's the behavior of someone who is comfortable not only trusting their judgments, but also taking action to enforce those judgments.

So I don't think it's Fi, more likely their Te, as others here are saying.

I believe someone with Fi in first or second would not care so much what their silly, spoiled roommate was doing, or if they did they wouldn't feel they had the moral authority to take that kind of action. 

Judgers gon' judge, and whatnot. Mmm.. [#cad0d8](http://www.colorhexa.com/cad0d8.png) 

That's perfect. Love it.Things about myself that I have come to attribute to Ni:

-- Since I was very young I've always had this sensation of being an observer, being disassociated or disconnected from what's going on around me and what everyone else is doing. Almost feels like everyone else is engaged and involved in something, and I'm standing still in the midst of an active crowd, and when I try to jump in and engage as well I get knocked around and pushed back out. I *can* work the crowd and hold my own, but it's exhausting and wears down my sanity if I'm not mindful.

-- I can't *not* expand on possibilities when presented with something stimulating, and they all sort of come at once. If you were to say to me, "Describe this paper cup," I would see that cup central in my minds eye, and behind it a wall of monitors fills my entire field of view popping immediately into life and each screen is some different aspect of that paper cup, from practical, physical properties to all manner of symbolic meanings, uses, significances, etc etc. Everything you can imagine and it all appears at once and then must be sorted. It can be overwhelming and is a tempting distraction. To the cup request my first response would be to ask you to narrow the focus a bit, lol.

-- Everything feels connected to everything else in alarmingly short ways. Like, 6 Degrees of Separation, but for all things everywhere all the time forever. Describing the paper cup turns into a discussion about utopian social progress in two easy steps. (paper cups &gt; watercooler convos &gt; office jobs can suck &gt; failings of the 40hr work week, etc) 

Meeting other Ni doms is always interesting. For the most part there's an immediate sense of kinship on an intuitive subconscious level (surprise surprise lol), and I just get a distinct vibe off the person. If people/types all gave off an operative hum, like buzzing organic machines whirring at different pitches, Ni's feel like they give of a low-frequency wavelength *oommmmm* sound. I once stood in a room with only five people in it, all Ni doms, and it was the loudest I've ever experienced that hum. It was odd, and I had the overwhelming compulsion to conspire with them about something, anything, like *By our Ni powers combined we can effect great social change by sheer force of will!*

Generally it's like being in that active crowd I mentioned and seeing another person also standing still, and you make eye contact and a do a respectful head nod with a grin, then go back to whatever you were watching. Not all are standing still though, many you spot for the familiar and manic ways they are struggling to fit into the crowd. You have to learn not to pull those ones into your calm little haven without being ready and able to kick them back out. Healthy boundaries are essential.

My partner is also INFJ. We share a calm spot in the crowd, and support each others' management of the bustle.

My brother is INTJ. When has was dealing with some really complex and heavy emotional turmoil a few years ago I was able to support his process in ways that others weren't considering. It was just a kind of patience and respect for his process, as familiarity with my own Ni-Ti loops helped with his Ni-Fi spin-outs. People don't often realize how much of themselves they project onto others, and then condemn when those expectations aren't met. When your internal process is objectively unique in your life it can mean worlds to have someone else defend it for you against the expectations and demands of others. &gt; You can't remember the last time it was wrong about something, but it can only communicate its apparent genius to the crew through gestures and symbols, and the only five words it seems to know are "I f***ing told you so."

Aw man that's perfect.
Ha! 

Yeah tho.. Dancing on the line between sanity and madness is actually so much easier than trying to walk it like a tightrope. lol Who knew?
&gt; In fact I would say that I always notice even the smallest details about anything.

This would make perfect sense if you were ISFP since they have an auxiliary Se, but I'd be surprised to hear that a given INFP has this trait.32/36One of the biggest contrasts between dominant Fi and Ti users is how they treat emotions in general. INFPs are deeply in touch with their emotions and, when making decisions, are likely to consider their emotions as evidence in themselves. INTPs, on the other hand, might be willing to take emotions into consideration in decision making, but only after they are able to rationalize them. 

From your description of personal values (truth, intelligence, logic, persistence &amp; mastery) pretty much epitomize Ti values. An INFP, on the other hand, would be likely to value integrity, personal accountability, authenticity, emotional depth, sensitivity, and uniqueness of character. I didn't mean to suggest that INFPs make decisions to cultivate good feelings (which is much more in the realm of Fe). And I do understand the distinction between the realms of MBTI and enneagram (I'm a 4 with a 5). While MBTI doesn't concern itself with what emotions each type experience, that's not to say that MBTI has nothing to say about how each type handles the emotions they experience.

What I was hoping to convey was that INFPs are likely to give more weight to the experience of the feelings themselves when it comes to decision making than Ti doms might. An example could be in an argument with their spouse, an INFP might feel deeply hurt by something without knowing exactly why, but not having an objective framework to support the feeling wouldn't likely make that experience of hurt any less evident of an underlying problem.

edit:
I also didn't mean to infer that Fi users are any more prone to outward displays of emotion than other types. In fact, that INFPs I'm close with all show incredible amounts of restraint with how they display their emotions. At the same time though, they do sit with them (and often even stew in them) not for the sake of being dramatic, but in order to be authentic to themselves and to not be dismissive of them simply because they might be unpleasant.

When it comes to the values I listed compared to the ones OP mentioned, I also didn't mean to infer that INFPs don't value those things. But I do think that the fact that OP listed only these and none of the extras I mentioned does shed some light on things. If a given type had to list the values in order of what they prioritize, I think Ti doms would be much more likely to list OP's at the top whereas Fi doms would be more likely to have a balanced mix of all of them. INFJ: Dante's The Divine ComedyI'm an INFJ (33, m) and enneagram 4. Everything you've written here sounds like something I could hear myself saying if I were in those situations, especially in my mid-to-late 20s. One of the ways INFJs express that they care about someone is by actively trying to understand them. When close friends come to us for counsel, it fills us with all kinds of warm and fuzzy feelings. We feel respected, useful, and afterward, a stronger bond with the person who trusted us enough to share.

On the other hand, it can be maddeningly frustrating when we know that something is wrong but can't pinpoint what. Personally, it can leave me feeling stupid for not being able to figure it out; like a bad friend for not knowing already; like the relationship is one-sided if they're not willing to open up as much as I would; and like they might question my motives for asking. Oh I wish the world had more ENFPsI have to say, I completely understand where you're coming from. I also want you to know that you're not alone. Even though you try to hide it, the subtext of your post makes your story so palpably clear, and I can't help but feel your suffering like it's my own. 

In times of great sorrow, we all seek a sense of belonging. Bonding with like-minded individuals over a shared sense of self-deprecating humor is an effective way to do so. 

I know you must be frustrated with the productivity hit from the sensation of all that distracting mental noise (i.e. ["emotions"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emotion)) ^[[1]](https://books.google.com/books?id=a0azIPHoj6QC&amp;lpg=PR5&amp;ots=HANFyPu2Ay&amp;lr&amp;pg=PR7#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false)[[2]](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Arturas_Kaklauskas/publication/282741425_Web-based_Biometric_Computer_Mouse_Advisory_System_to_Analyze_a_User's_Emotions_and_Work_Productivity/links/57174ace08ae09ceb26349d3.pdf) . 
While it can seem hopeless at times, know that eventually, even you will recover from the tragic loss of your puppy^[[3](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5q0e5j/time_to_roast_some_good_ol_fashioned_intuitives/)] 
and/or bulldozer^[[4](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5q0e5j/time_to_roast_some_good_ol_fashioned_intuitives/)]
/ argument^[[5](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/138752527937/how-functions-work-inferior-ti-esfjenfj)]
/ keys^[[6](https://collegeforthewin.com/2014/05/28/the-5-stages-of-grief-when-losing-your-keys/)] . 

I know this from personal experience, as months of deep reflection, obsessively contemplating the depths of my own nature led me to lose my sanity. The experience bestowed me with the knowledge that healing is always possible. In the words of my doctor, "With enough patience, we can all persevere; maybe even you someday."

When I read your post, I was struck by a flash of insight that I know would free you from your suffering.^[[7](http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/667962-xnfj-messiah-syndrome.html)]
 Unfortunately, I know with 100% certainty that you couldn't possibly absorb it yet. 

You see, it's so far ahead of our time that it'll be decades before the paradigm shifts and citable writings appear in reputable peer-reviewed journals (journals deemed reputable by independently verified, controlled, double-blind experiments and/or the passing endorsement of someone once deemed reputable by someone you've deemed reputable).

I guess I could explain it by presenting the bullet-proof logic with poetical prose, prosaic poetry and other pseudo-significant-sounding, self-aggrandizing glossolalia. But all of this Fe extroverting has left me too drained to care anymore. I would say I'd finish this later, but I know in my gut that after experiencing this kind of exhaustion, there's no hope of ever recovering.INFJ: Chow&gt; Chow chows are not usually social, outgoing dogs. They tend to be aloof with strangers and can be aggressive with other dogs, but are devoted and protective of their family. ... Chow chows are fairly intelligent but they have both an independent and a stubborn streak, so training them can be a challenge. ^[1](http://www.hillspet.com/en/us/dog-breeds/chow-chow)

We often act more like cats than our own species. We can be very friendly but we prefer to spend the vast majority of our time alone, quietly observing from a comfortable distance. We can often give the impression of seeming exotic and mysterious. It's also not uncommon for others to find us intriguing, unsettling, or a mix of both.

&gt; When treated with love and respect, is himself a loving and respectful companion who tends to attach deeply to one or two members of his family. Chows are ... fiercely protective of their people and property and should only be adopted by experienced dog owners who have the time and energy to devote to proper training and socialization.

&gt; They do not like to be told what to do, and forcing [them] with a strong hand can lead to avoidance behaviors or even retaliation. ... Positive reinforcement, lots of treats and 100% consistency are the keys to training this breed. If they see an opportunity to manipulate a situation, [they] will take it and run with it.

&gt; They do not like to be told what to do, and forcing [them] with a strong hand can lead to avoidance behaviors or even retaliation. ... Positive reinforcement, lots of treats and 100% consistency are the keys to training this breed. If they see an opportunity to manipulate a situation, [they] will take it and run with it. ^[2](http://www.petwave.com/Dogs/Breeds/Chow-Chow/Personality.aspx)

It takes a long time for us to warm up to people. Once we do, we're incredibly loyal and open trusting. While we're generally gentle and mild mannered, we have the capacity to be ferocious and wrathful. If we find ourselves abused by our once-esteemed loved ones   for long enough, we'll realize you're no longer worthy of our devotion, and we can to turn on them for good, never looking back and without the slightest tinge of guilt. After reading more about the breed, I can also see why /u/dxnxxIx chose them for ENFJs. I had roommates with a rather mellow Chow, but some can also be much more feisty, controlling, and sneaky in clever ways. That, paired with their strong desire to protect those they care about at all cost along with most of my initial description makes them a suitable choice for many ENFJs too.

Btw, I love my ENFJs and I don't mean to sound critical in case this overly stressed (seemingly) negative traits.I completely agree here, and I just want to reiterate it because I don't think most other types really appreciate just how much of a difference blunt honesty can make for us in delicate situations. 

Our Ni knows something is awry, our Ti is bothered because things just don't add up. And so our Fe kicks in and we can look crazy and desperate as we try to either show our partner what they're not seeing, or we can be aggressive in trying to piece together what we're not being told. 

If your INFJ is struggling to accept a breakup, it can certainly look like they can't handle the truth (after all, they're obviously not doing well with the sugar coated version). But give us all the info and we'll understand, and we can have a surprising capacity to completely move on very quickly when we accept that it's over. Of all the books, articles and podcasts I've come across on the topic, [this probably cleared things up for me the most](http://imgur.com/a/OAFph). 

(Apologies in advance for the terrible image quality).ENFJI'm very much the same. Beautiful or bittersweet perspectives and realizations can have me flooded with emotions out of the blue. I'm a wedding photographer, and I often well up a bit at stranger's weddings, often at times nobody else would be. 

On the same note, typically sad situations don't get me at all. I spent a week in the ICU where I had a 50/50 chance of dying surrounded by weeping loved ones, and I was probably the only one who didn't come close to crying at all. My grandmother and I were especially close and I was there when she passed, and I think it was years before I shed a tear at all (again, completely out of the blue). 

It's not that I try to repress it. And actually, it makes me feel alive in a way. I guess I think that if you're in a situation that brings up tears, it must be a sign that there are things in life worthy of having them. I'd say the short answer (and probably the one you're looking for) is Fe. Fe is all about aligning value judgements with others to foster group harmony, so Fe users tend to consider other people's opinions in general, themselves included. 

But that's of course oversimplifying. A quick counterexample might be an ExFJ who has realized that the group values not giving a duck about what others think of them, and so might make a conscious effort to do the same. In the same group, I can imagine an IxTJ obsessing about how he/she is perceived just to go against the grain.I don't think I've ever come across a group I fully identify with. But, at the moment at least, I also can't think of a time I've been around a group that I fully didn't identify with. I'm a 4w5 who's just learning about tritype now. My first impression at least is that mine would be 459. I mean, I very well could be mistyping my tritype, but I am definitely very much a recluse most of the time. I have bursts of energy where I'll be very outgoing and social for a few days or up to a week, but it almost always ends with a sudden "That's enough!" moment where I abruptly retreat back into my shell indefinitely. 

Ironically, I tend give the impression of being highly social and extroverted when I'm around people, but what they don't see is how draining it is for me, how much social anxiety I can get when I don't feel like I'm in the right headspace to handle people, and that I feel most comfortable when I spend about 90% of my time alone (with the exception of a SO if I have one at the time). Here's a passage I think might be helpful from Lenore Thomson's incredible book, [Personality Type: An Owner's Manual](https://www.amazon.com/Personality-Type-Jung-Hudson-Book-ebook/dp/B00KLFBMKG)

&gt;    Unlike sensation and intuition, which encourage us to keep our options open and to acquire more information, the judging functions prompt us to note how things usually happen and to organize our behaviors accordingly. This is why Thinking and Feeling are considered rational functions. Rational behavior is always based on predictability--things we know to be true because they happen regularly in the same way. 

&gt;    Although Thinking and Feeling both prompt us to focus on the predictable, they encourage conflicting ideas about how predictability is reckoned. This is why a preference for one or the other can tell us something about how we manage life and attempt to keep things under control. 

&gt;    When we use Thinking, we organize our behaviors in terms of general, impersonal predictability: rules, laws, principles, logical or numerical sequence, definition, hierarchy, and so forth.

&gt;    When we use Feeling, we organize our behaviors in terms of specific, personal criteria: the signs and rituals that convey our shared beliefs, values, moral sensibilities, identification with others, and social relationships. 

Elsewhere in the book, she gives a great example with regard to Fe vs Te:

&gt;    Say we're making a list of the people we call every week, so their numbers are handy whenever we pick up the phone. Although it's possible to organize these names impersonally--by alphabet, for example, or frequency of contact--most of us don't do this. Most of us list the people we know in order of their relationship to us: family members first, then friends, then coworkers, and so on. 

&gt;    This, roughly speaking, is the domain of Extraverted Feeling. When we use this function, we aren't organizing data sequentially and logically, by way of principles. We're organizing data by relatedness to ourselves. The categories of relationship we maintain in the external world--and the way we maintain them--reflect our *values*.

&gt;    *But Isn't Feeling Opposed to Reason?*

&gt;    Because Feeling involves personal relationship, it's easy to assume that using it is a matter of emotional preference. But like all left-brain functions, Fe is conceptual and analytic. It encourages us to make rational choices, to measure our options for relationship against a external standard of behaviors.

&gt;    What distinguishes this function from Te is the fact that relatedness involves human beings, not impersonal abstractions. thus, the systems that Feeling determines aren't logically accessible. For example, if we know the alphabet, we can always anticipate the logical order of names in a phone directory. Not so with a list of calling partners. Uts specific order depends on the human being who taped it to the refrigerator. But the absence of logical predictability doesn't make a system unpredictable or based on individual preference. 

&gt;   "Family," friend," and "coworker" aren't states of emotion. They're categories of human alliance, organized by degree of relatedness. What we're doing, when we use these categories, is accommodating our specific experiences of people to the conceptual shapes the terms offer. This is a rational process, not a sentimental one. I think part of the reason ENFPs can give that impression is that they tend to be more open to thinking out loud, voicing their Ne connections as they come up.The ESTPs I know are very much the same. They can be fast learners and excel in topics that they find necessary to perform at their best and achieve their goals. However, they absolutely don't value learning for its own sake, for the sheer pleasure of exploring ideas and gleaning unique insights. 

I personally wouldn't name ESTPs as the most intelligent, but I would consider them among the most capable and *smart*. Yeah, I only meant to share my observations from personal experience and definitely didn't mean to generalize about all ESTPs. From what I understand, it's not uncommon for ESTPs to love philosophizing, but the ones I'm close with would rather spend their free time going for a run with headphones blasting. 

I definitely wouldn't extend my comments to ISTPs though. As Ti doms, they spend most of their time exploring ideas and testing logic, especially when they can find ways of applying their knowledge practically.
ISFPAre you sure you're not just saying that because you learned of primacy bias first?That's what critical thinking is for.I'm not sure I'm following your logic correctly. From what I'm seeing is that 4w5 would naturally find being typed as INFJ attractive and vice versa. Both INFJ and 4w5 would be highly likely to invest a great deal of energy in researching things like MBTI and Enneagram, and likely spend more time diving deeper and taking part in relative online communities, including participation in surveys. There seems to be a high correlation in surveys between INFJ and 4w5. Therefore, INFJ 4w5 must be mistyped.

I do agree with most of your premises, especially that an INFJ/4w5 testing as the other would feel like a win (at least at first). Personally, when I dusted off my Enneagram book recently and did a deep dive into 4, I was excited at first, but by the end I felt pretty shaken up and unsettled and saw so many of my life choices in a new, unflattering light. It was anything but attractive.

I would agree that the appeal for typing as INFJ/4w5 could lead to initially being overenthusiastic about potentially being the other. But I'd also like to note that 4w5 is a type that's naturally incredibly self aware as well as self conscious, leading 4w5 to be diligent in finding the right type. The same goes for the often-obsessive nature of INFJ (or perhaps at least those who've investing in developing Ti). Very informative. Thanks for the nice read. I recently came across a great site that goes into depth with how each of the functions manifests itself in each role. The articles are great, but it's a tumblr blog so it's a bit tricky to navigate. [Here's the article on inferior Se as a starting point.](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/127263303957/how-functions-work-inferior-se-intjinfj) Both are a pain, but I'd say A. 

With B you can at least have a constructive conversation if you're careful and patient, while there's really no point in trying with A. Although, if A is right, you might have more of an opportunity to learn why quickly whereas B would be less likely to communicate their perspective in the case they are right. I'd still have to say A though.Oh, I hear you. I initially read the post as person A dismissing the dialogue before taking the time to finish listening to the opposing side. If they actually do take the time to at least listen first, I'm completely fine with them sticking to their own opinions.Yes. If you're patient enough to tiptoe over the eggshells (which I'm guessing you can be, fellow INFJ), then you can sneak past the defenses and and at the very least start planting some ideas about other perspectives and get the B in question to open up about why the feel so strongly about their stance.I think that's the point /u/aeschenkarnos was inferring (with "middle" referring to somewhere between the two centers of mass).While I wouldn't call "in depth" by any means, [this image helped me begin recognize the differences pretty quickly.](http://imgur.com/rgwUUkv)While I agree that memes are overused and can mislead those new to MBTI, in this case I think the hyperbole is pretty obvious since it overlays/maintains the marriage joke.I honestly don't care about winning an argument, and I'm always open to adjust my opinion if I have a discussion that convinces me I'm wrong. But when I have a strong opinion/insight about something I tend to have many reasons for having it. Most of them are often abstract at first and time-consuming to filter through my Ti/Fe to communicate them logically and effectively, and I find most people don't have the patience for a full discussion. They're welcome to think whatever they like, but for me, not wanting to explore a topic past superficial, surface-level preconceived notions is not generally a sign that I should change my own opinion. I'm more than happy to let someone be wrong if they aren't willing to finish a conversation, but maybe that's somewhere INFJs and INTJs differ.Side note: I actually find that INTJs are one of the few types I've encountered willing to dive deep on a topic and seriously consider opposing viewpoints. But perhaps this is just special consideration given to other Ni doms (my be guilty of this myself). Yeah, I can agree with all of that. I feel like since INTJs and I are members on the same Ni-dom club I might more-easily get to the point to where they are willing to be open to discussing ideas. 

I had never noticed the WYSIWYG habit of INTJs, but looking back I think you might be right. This is great to know and I'll try to keep it in mind in the future.Have you gone through any significant/unusual life changes recently? While I believe our type is fixed at birth (or at least a very young age), breakups, career changes, trauma, making new friends and a slew of other things can temporarily change how we see and interact with the world.Sounds like an outgoing INFJ to me. J's aren't always organized (I am definitely not much of the time), but we tend to prefer to be organized. I love surprises and spontaneity, as long as I feel prepared for them as they come up.I agree. We can bond over stimulating conversations via our shared Ti, and I find Ni/Ne usually makes for a really nice balance.I guess you could argue that the authorities at the moment were whoever was in charge of the guillotine. ISFPs are Fi domsI'm often completely disassociated from my senses in the current moment, so often I literally don't even hear music in the room while I'm falling asleep.For Ni doms, context is everything. I could give a direct answer, but it would be meaningless (or perhaps convey the wrong meaning) without first laying the groundwork for the correct context. 

This whole situation reminds me of [Deep Thought in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.](https://vovatia.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/c1c26-vlcsnap-2011-01-17-16h21m27s224.png?w=600). When asked for the answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything, it spent 7.5 million years and delivered the answer to adoring crowds: 42. A perfectly direct, and perfectly useless answer. &gt; One of my pet peeves with the intuitives I know is that they'll just answer a question with well...um... and go off on an unrelated tangent.

Usually the tangents are actually central aspects of the point we're trying to make, but often the conversation will lead to other things coming up along the way and we can forget that we haven't actually finished the answer yet. I'm not sure if all initiatives are guilty of this, but the INxJs I know certainly can be.

I can see how that could be frustrating or how that can make it seem pointless to even ask us questions sometimes. If it looks like we're going off in an unrelated direction after a while, reminding us about the original question can snap us back into finishing our point. We won't be annoyed, and if anything, we'll appreciate knowing that you're actually listening and interested.

I know it seems like a lot of work when you'd be expecting a quick answer. From my experience with INxJs though, when the scattered pieces finally come together it can be a beautiful thing with he opportunity to see a topic in a completely new light. IFNJ 4w5

---

EXTRAVERSION | 39
---|---
..Friendliness | 20	
..Gregariousness | 39	
..Assertiveness | 28	
..Activity Level | 4	
..Excitement-Seeking | 81	
..Cheerfulness | 81
 | 
**AGREEABLENESS** | **60**
..Trust | 56	
..Morality | 43	
..Altruism | 86	
..Cooperation | 71	
..Modesty | 14	
..Sympathy | 69
 | 
**CONSCIENTIOUSNESS** | **42**
..Self-Efficacy | 58	
..Orderliness | 36	
..Dutifulness | 39	
..Achievement-Striving | 59	
..Self-Discipline | 14	
..Cautiousness | 71
 | 
**NEUROTICISM** | **70**
..Anxiety | 51	
..Anger | 46	
..Depression | 84	
..Self-Consciousness | 69	
..Immoderation | 68	
..Vulnerability | 74
 | 
**OPENNESS** | **98**
..Imagination | 79	
..Artistic Interests | 86	
..Emotionality | 97	
..Adventurousness | 45	
..Intellect | 91	
..Liberalism | 98I love Dario Nardi and his work. But it's important to note that his work has all been simply exploratory in nature. It's very exciting stuff, and I hope it inspires rigorous studies in the near future. But at the moment at least, the style of his research is too relaxed to draw serious conclusions without further study. It seems you're pretty new to MBTI and the cognitive functions. I do just want to point out that while a function might not be in a given type's stack, each type uses all of the functions, it's just that functions outside of a stack generally don't play as significant of a role consistently across a type as a whole. 

edit: But yes, in your case it sounds like Fe. yupCan confirm. If I'm feeling inspired then I'm usually out doing all that special INFJ stuff, but my default state is playing mindless games on my phone and generally staying as far away from people as possible.Both Ni and Ne are perceiving functions, which means they are subconscious processes. The processes for conscious decision making fall under the judging functions. 

In your case, it sounds like Ti to me. Although if you find yourself studying a different style and suddenly some underlying technique jumps out at you as being perfectly applicable to judo (and possibly all martial arts as a whole), that's Ni. It's definitely the kind of thing I would do as an INFJ, and we have the same function set as ISTPs. While I can't speak for them, I can totally see the couple ISTPs I've come to know well doing this. I'm not sure what you're referring to by following other people's logic. Of course I can see Te users following the tried and true skills for a particular style, but I imagine they might be less eager to incorporate skills from different styles, especially if they don't have experience with the style and there hasn't been a precedent that they are applicable to their own. I'm neither a Ti nor Fi dom, so I could easily be very, very wrong here. My best friend and MBTI buddy is an INFP though, and we frequently discuss at length how foreign our dominant functions seem to each other. I'm almost certain that he would answer the second question fairly low, i.e. &lt;=6. 

However, I'm also almost certain he would score it very highly if the questions were tweaked it into something more like, *"How much are you honestly aware of the subtleties in your emotions and how [things/situations/etc.] make you feel?"*

Of course, I don't even have Fi in my stack. If any of you Fi doms are seeing that I'm way off base here, I wouldn't mind being steered in the right direction. There's also an excellent video lecture series (also available as just audio) on the topic: [Passions: Philosophy and the Intelligence of Emotions](https://www.thegreatcourses.com/courses/passions-philosophy-and-the-intelligence-of-emotions.html). 

The gist of the course is that, as a species, we evolved our emotions for a reason. They are powerful tools for communication and gleaning insight into multi-threaded subconscious processes. 

It strikes me almost as the results of how INTPs might use their Ti to dissect the mind's peculiar, non-Ti aspects.  It goes through each emotion and clearly defines them, which is surprisingly insightful just on its own. After all, how fully do you know the subtleties between compassion/empathy, anger/indignation, and envy/jealousy? Then for each it discusses the potential pitfalls but more importantly, their inherent value. [Here's a fascinating YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIHWe_a0AoE&amp;list=PLYwufs2-NMZjX8hGBzHZTc47jPZH591t5&amp;index=2) describing the socionics view of how all 8 functions are ordered by strength, not value, specifically with INFJs and INFPs. 

Personally, I found it mind blowing. He explains how for Feelers, while we have a conscious awareness and preference for one feeling function, feelers are still skilled at the other, it's just that the other is mostly subconscious and automatic.I can't speak for all INFJs, but as for myself, I'm Chaotic Good. While most ENFJs I know would be better served by focusing their energy on cultivating vision, they'd also all probably say they value action over vision. I'm not really offended, but it doesn't feel like me at all. Most of the time I if I've ghosted someone, it's because I feel guilty for being slow to reply to a text/call/email so I plan some grand apology, but then I fall behind on that so I need an even bigger gesture which takes more time and so on. I think it's more related to another aspect of this post. INFJs don't like confrontation, so we bottle up our frustrations with people, quietly giving people the benefit of the doubt and hoping they'll come around. We try to nudge them into learning a lesson (sometimes explicitly but not always), but eventually we realize that they're never going to come around and we give up. And since we've been so patient the whole time, when we give up there is no going back. Although, for me at least, doorslamming involves a large Ti element and it is a conscious decision, as opposed to simply an unexpected expression of misdirected subconscious anger.I'm paraphrasing, but I remember Personality Hacker once describing Si as having the greatest appreciation for how good memories have enriched their lives and how bad ones have been damaging, so they constantly look to the future with a great sense of responsibility to cultivate good experiences for themselves and those they care about. Music can also include things like the symphony and festivals can include ones like film/food festivals.Tested 50.5% INFP and 24.7% INFJ. I'm about as INFJ as they come though.

I've actually considered putting together a test using bayesian probabilities like this myself. Are you using speculative answers for your data set or experimental ones? 
Western values (especially in the US) tend to prize ambition and extroversion, typically of the ESTP and ETJ varieties. Yeah. The way I understand it, Si users are more likely to cultivate/nurture new traditions, Fe is most likely to maintain them for a sense of group connection and shared experience, and Fi often has a personal appreciation/nostalgia for them. Personally, I think they're nice as long as they don't take much effort on my part. I do like how experiences based on tradition often have an added sense of meaning. I also tend to vibe with excitement they bring to other people I'm with.  

When they're inconvenient, I usually see them as a chore. Without them though, I'd probably never incorporate those things into my life, some of which, like seeing extended family, are things I highly value (although it still usually feels like a chore until it's over). 

Specifically related to my Ni, when it comes to traditional experiences as a whole, I can get a sense of knowing how things will probably go ahead of time. If it doesn't look good it can be pretty stressful. But even if I expect things to be pleasant, it's hard to get excited ahead of time because it feels like it's already over before it even begins. 

But in general, if I'm going to put in the effort to come out of my shell, I usually prefer new, stimulating experiences over revisiting old ones. [Here you go](http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x2ztoo4)Fe is friggin' perfect (at least for xNFJs)In general, any post including something along the lines of "I've been this type all my life but lately I've been this other type."
I have a friend (pretty sure he's an ENFP) who is convinced he has been four of the different ENxx types during different phases of his life. This is awesome. But my mother the ENFJ is the biggest schemer I've ever met (although usually with good intentions, at least for those she feels are deserving). She's terrifyingly good at them too.I'm an outgoing introvert with a deep booming voice. I can often be shy depending on the situation, but if I'm comfortable, you can hear my voice over everyone else's across a crowded room.The ESTPs I know are far from lazy. It may just be the few ESTPs I have experience with, but I find that they're so restless that they always have to be doing something. When they feel motivated or challenged (as /u/turtlewinstherace pointed out), they can be unstoppable. I can agree with that. My ESTP friends are unstoppable *when properly motivated*, otherwise their restless energy can leak out in less-desirable ways. You got the functions right at least.INxJ guys are some of the least likely to care about a woman reaching out to them first. We're also some of the least likely to reach out first, out of fear of bothering people, but we appreciate it when people reach out to us (gently, via text, at least). 

Gauge his responses - if he generally seems interested or happy to hear from you, then he doesn't mind you texting. If he apologizes that's he's not feeling like chatting at the moment or in a weird mood or something else, that's fine too and try again some other time. If you get a bunch of short, curt responses, then he'd rather have space.

If he goes back and forth between "Away" and "Do Not Disturb," then it's probably best to send out a text while he's in Away mode. Probably the only reason he uses those two modes is to prevent people from calling or, gasp, *video* calling (shudders). 

We don't mind overthinking. That's our M.O. and we can relate.

Honestly, if after he replies you mention that you've been hesitant to message because you didn't want to invade his personal space, you would probably get major points. Even INFPs can be very punctual, especially if they value / have strong feelings about punctuality. No matter which version of MBTI you subscribe to, at it's very heart, the perceiving functions are always perceiving functions, and the judging functions are always judging (e.g. decision-making) functions.More like on a *foundational* level.I often end up having a version of this. It usually happens when I'm overusing my Se in less-than-healthy ways. I think that what's happening is that I expend all of my Se energy on things like gaming or substances that I don't have any left for the real world. While we might need the most alone time to recharge, we also tend to be the most outgoing when we're around people. People are constantly surprised when they find out I'm an introvert (and many don't believe me).When I'm in someone's presence, I care sincerely and completely. This happens automatically, regardless of whether I want to or agree with the person struggling. It's not feigned at all, but once I'm no longer in physical proximity, I tend to put it all out of my mind unless I actively make an effort not to. 

We often can seem selfish in this regard, but I do want to point out that the same applies to caring about myself and my own interests. If I'm not actively engaged in some kind of struggle or hardship, I easily put my problems out of my mind and slack on acting to improve my own situation. Weird, I didn't see selfishness or selflessness mentioned anywhere in the description.I haven't noticed my ESFP friends having trouble with knowing intentions, but this is something that I've found makes it almost unbearable for me to spend much time with ESTPs. I find that my ESTP friends do it mostly when they have to speculate after the fact. 

For example, one of them would start to vent about colleagues after work, but after a while he would get more and more paranoid about their intentions the more he would be stuck in Ni without the support of sensory input for his Se.

In person though, he generally wouldn't care about others' intentions but he somehow always knew exactly what he could or couldn't get away with in the moment. I'm actually not sure if the ESxP weak spot here is terribly visible to most people. As an Ni dom with aux Fe, I generally have a good sense of people's actual intentions without putting in any effort. On the other hand though, I have a harder time maintaining awareness of what those same people are actually doing.I was just about to say that. The /r/mytypeyikes, /r/UnpopularOpinions were the big clues for me. ISTJThe big giveaway for me was the flair.INFJINTJISTP?ISTP. Lots of practical interests and the ISTP chill modesty. When planning for these things, does it feel like you're driven by a sense that the goal is important in and of itself or because you want to assure your future self will have an increased sense of security?My dad is ESTJ and one of his brother's is ISTJ. At least in their case, The Fascist and Hall Monitor fit them perfectly. There were a couple other consistencies (albeit so far the sample size is so limited these could just as easily be coincidences):

* Both remained either a dominant perceiver or dominant judger
* Both kept the same perceiving functions, but swapped the N/S preference
* Both swapped the attitude of their judging functions (e.g. Te-&gt;Ti). 

I'm also impressed that sample 1 was able to imitate being a Te dom without having Te in his stack. But hiding behind dominant Te is also a great way to disguise any undeveloped social skills from having inferior Fe.It's nice to see a fresh grouping, especially one that seems so natural. I'm not sure "orderly" is the best word for the Sentinals though, at least when it comes to ESTJs. 

The ESTJs I know (my father as one of them) are highly effective "fixers" but they often juggle so many projects at once that they can be anything but orderly. 

I guess another way to put it (with regards to my own experience) is that they have a chaotic way of creating order in the world.Or just use a unique combination of obscure ones so your story is one of a kind. As a fellow Ni/Fe user, while I'm not always conscious of how I feel in a given moment, I'm hyper aware of the emotions of anyone in physical proximity to me (even if they're trying to hide it).The ENFJs I know tend to present themselves as lighthearted and fun but their dom Fe leaves them feeling responsible for the wellbeing of everyone in their social circle. Same here.
It's in the same F/T or S/N pair as the auxiliary (second) function, and opposite e/i orientation.This needs "atheist activism" added to it over an image of a [T-shirt specifically designed to irritate churchgoing parents](http://www.truefreethinker.com/sites/default/files/images/Atheist%20t-shirts,%20Atheism%20t-shirts,%20rome.jpg).&gt; a very judgey person who is easily bothered by other people's intellectual and lifestyle choices and fails to see them as legitimate.

Possibly an undeveloped INTJ.

(or INFJ, we can do that in our teens and twenties too, though it tends to be about judging morality of lifestyle (Fe) rather than rationality of it (Te).)Heh. Thanks, now I've got to watch this series. If Terence McKenna had gone into policing instead of entheobotany, he may have ended up like Matthew McConaghey's character (Rust Cole?). Religion as linguistic virus, time as a flat circle? I suspect at least one of the authors is familiar with McKenna's lectures.&gt; You might be interested to know that you didn't ask for a specific nationality to respond

To be fair OP is an American high school student, and therefore may not yet have been taught that other nations exist.There are quite a few four-type systems around based on the Four Humors system (phlegmatic, sanguine, choleric, melancholy), you may have potentially reinvented something similar.1. If Fe is that relevant, you might actually be INFJ (Ni-Fe-Ti-Se) rather than ISTP (Ti-Se-Ni-Fe). Take a look at /r/infj and its sidebar resources.

2. If you were INFJ and unemotional/depressed then you may have been stuck in the Ni-Ti create/destroy/create/destroy ideation loop. Take a look at /r/schizoid and see if you can relate.

3. Acting on *your real feelings* really is rational. You're not a robot, you're a person. You are permitted to love, to care, to fear, and even to hate. It's not wrong to have emotions, it's a necessary component of your evolved mind. Practice with them and they become more stable.Because the depressed ones are mistyped INFJs? :)[Here](http://thoughtcatalog.com/heidi-priebe/2015/07/how-to-recognize-each-myers-briggs-personality-type-in-real-life/) is a good article on the topic.Someone like this will tell you: "The more we understand people, the less we like them."

It's a choice, though. It is possible to understand people and *like them anyway*. Compassion is the key. *People* are terrible; a *person* is worthy of empathy and compassion.Most "debunkings" I've read are based on dichotomies (I/E, S/N, F/T, P/J) and the authors have apparently never even *heard* of functions.In extreme cases, where the Ni and Ti get into a loop, they can even turn into reclusive mathematicians.Any INTJ would!If they wouldn't miss it at all? Sure. However, I'm not convinced that it works that way. Once you're a millionaire, you generally hire people to organize your finances. Financial planners, lawyer, accountant etc. If you made your millions through business, most of those are already in place for the business anyway.

If they made their business in some immoral business, say greyhound racing or selling meth or Republican propaganda - sure, I'll steal it. I wouldn't even need to gain it for myself, to want to take immorally-earned money away.

However your scenario there implies that the person would not notice it, so let's say that they're a lottery winner or inheritor, and they're already getting such a big sum of money that they'll not miss a million dollars. Most of these people lose it *anyway*. So they might as well lose some of it to me.

That said, I'm not into gaining money immorally myself, which would include deceptive behaviour. I can't really see a way to achieve it except by taking it from some particularly bad person. The nature of the situation makes it not work out.&gt;  the only thing stopping people from committing crimes is the fear of getting caught

That actually *is* how it works for a substantial proportion of the population, according to [Kohlberg's theory of moral development](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lawrence_Kohlberg%27s_stages_of_moral_development). Crime rates in any given society have *already* skyrocketed (and also dropped) to reflect the levels of moral development of the members of that society.Ti wants to break its idea against the world. Te wants to break the world against its idea.&gt; I would expect Ni v Ni to have the most potential for conflict

In my experience, Ni-Fe and Ni-Te conflict a *lot*. It may be similar for Ne-Fi and Ne-Ti.INFJs are perceived as conflict-averse, afraid of conflict, too weak to fight, etc. We are *unnecessary-*conflict-averse. We avoid conflict because it's annoying and inconvenient and involves people being stupid and undignified and most of the time it won't do a damn thing to change the situation. However if we *have* to get into conflict, we'll do our best to end it in our favour, ASAP, however works."The earth orbits the sun!" "The sun orbits the earth!"

"Hmm, competing theories, the truth must be in the middle."Schizoid thinking in my personal experience is a feature of a broken INFJ (Ni-Fe-Ti-Se) - the Ni/Ti assembly/disassembly thought loop.That was what I meant. It's unambiguously true that the earth orbits the sun. I'm aware of the centre of mass thing but it's inside the sun, so it doesn't really matter. I'm going to claim Taylor (Skitter), from [Worm](https://parahumans.wordpress.com/table-of-contents/), for our archetype.Angry if it's due to the wrongful actions of selfish and stupid people. Sad if it's due to the fundamentally horrible nature, some of the time, of the world in which we live.

No, I don't lose my appetite under any conditions short of extreme nausea, nor do I overeat. Food is a functional behaviour to me; only enjoyable for its own sake if it's *really, really good*, otherwise done entirely as an accompaniment to some primary activity, such as conversation or gaming or reading or commenting on reddit. To eat, and *only* eat, is completely a waste of time in my opinion. I don't think I've done that in my entire life.

I don't drink much alcohol as it makes me very sleepy.That doesn't sound ISTP to me, Se is their auxiliary function. Are you sure he's not INFJ? He sounds ... dramatic ... enough to be an INFJ, in the grip of depression and self-doubt, and I say that as one myself.It's hard to tell the difference between INFJ (Ni-Fe-Ti-Se), INTJ (Ni-Te-Fi-Se) and INTP (Ti-Ne-Si-Fe) in an intellectual/academic context. This is the reason why people who test as 50% INTJ / 50% INTP are typically INFJs with suppressed Fe.

You really need to observe the person (or yourself) socially as well as intellectually. It does *not* help that quizzes, including "official" MBTI tests, tend to prime the taker to think intellectually/academically.Probably an old picture, or a picture of an old document. That looks typewritten and [mimeographed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mimeograph). The purple ink would have smelled like wine.How does [INFJ](http://www.personalitypage.com/html/INFJ.html) suit? If you are constantly second-guessing your ideas and second-guessing your second-guesses, you may be an INFJ in a Ni-Ti loop, which can be similar to [schizoid personality disorder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schizoid_personality_disorder#Akhtar's_profile), which in turn is similar to Aspergers/autism.Of course I'm serious. SPD is frequently misdiagnosed as autism. The behaviour presents similarly enough and SPD seems to be rare enough that child psychologists generally don't think of it. SPD is usually diagnosed in adulthood.

(Source: personal experience with diagnoses, also it's a common [discussion topic](https://www.reddit.com/r/Schizoid/comments/7ne0a7/what_is_the_differential_elements_between/) on /r/schizoid. Another discussion [here](https://www.quora.com/Misdiagnosis-How-many-people-diagnosed-with-Aspergers-actually-have-schizoid-personality-disorder-in-stead).)Yes - the lack of empathy, and lack of other Fe behaviours, is part of how I worked it out for myself. Ni-Fe-Ti-Se with a "broken" Fe turns into Ni-Ti-Se, which is extemely introverted with near-zero interest in socializing (or people in general), tests as near 50% INTJ/INTP, and spends a lot of time arguing inside themselves.

Do you still have a strong moral core based on fairness to *everyone* (regardless of who they are, and who they are *to you*), protecting the innocent, etc? That's Fe morality.
My take on it: "would *I* like it if someone did that to *me*?" is Fi morality, and "should *a person* do that to *another person*?" is Fe morality. Do you think of (other) people as generalized instances of you, or do you think of yourself as a specific instance of "people"?Trump seems like Se-Fi-Te-Ni (ESFP), with Ni pretty much broken. "Agreeing with oneself and accepting one's own agreement with oneself as proof of one's correctness" is a classic Fi malfunction, compare with the INTJ Ni-Fi loop.Possibly. Fi is about one's beliefs as bedrock of correctness, and Trump does display that behaviour. Nothing requires those beliefs to be fixed though, if an Fi user changes their mind for some reason, they will then be just as committed to their new set of beliefs as to the old ones.[DISC behavioural analysis](https://www.123test.com/disc-personality-test/), and other variants of [Four Temperaments](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four_temperaments).Interesting, perhaps this gives more support to [Dario Nardi's theory](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGfhQTbcqmA) of a neurological basis for Jungian functions? If specific brain regions are damaged, perhaps the associated function is also affected?You have to be a virgin at 30, according to tradition.How would you type the Umbrella Academy characters (from the TV series more than the comic)? My first draft:

The Hargreeves family:

* Luther: ESFJ 
* Diego: ESTP 
* Alison: ESFP 
* Klaus: ENFJ (stuck in Fe/Se loop, histrionic)
* Five: so INTJ even other INTJs think he's too INTJ
* Ben: INFJ
* Vanya: INFP (stuck in Fi/Si loop, avoidant until ... you know what)
* Sir Reginald: ESTJ
* Pogo: ISTJ
* Mom/Grace: ISFJ (robot, limited to superficial Fi/Se behaviours)

Other major characters:

* Leonard: ISFP
* Hazel: ISTP
* Cha-Cha: INTJ (stuck in Ni/Fi loop, paranoid)
* The Handler: ENTP
* Agnes: INFP
* Lila: ESTP
* Ray Chestnut: ENTJ
* Sissy: ISFP
* Carl: ESFJ
* Dave: ISFJ
* Grace (human): INFJ

Thoughts?Perhaps he went back in time and ~~folded~~ informed himself of future events?It'd be like living in a Wes Anderson movie.Well, who wouldn't? /jkYeah we study sometimes and don't spend decades playing Minecraft instead. /jkPeople constantly interrupting me, wanting me to do stupid stuff *now*.[Not that easy.](https://goo.gl/images/n6bbsq)Ask an INFJ to explain to you how these two apparently contradictory assertions are both true.I thought it referred to those types being most likely to become racists, as they overvalue in-group and undervalue out-group.

"B...b...but you are same race/country/religion as me! That means you're supposed to be on my team! Why are you not *on my team*?"There are some industries in which you can have neck and knuckle tattoos and still be very successful.Aww. You *have* learned!Maybe. I'm *very* skeptical of any dichotomy-based analysis, and also of "converting" big-5 to MBTI. Why not just stick with the big-5 data set?It's the same world however people's perspective and experience of it is very different. To the gentle artist, the world is barbaric and people seem to just run around being horrible to each other. To the pragmatist, the world is a prison of rules preventing them from just doing what they want.Good analysis. IMO we literally *can't* see ourselves as we "are" because there is no "as we are" outside of an interpersonal dynamic, there is only an intellectual (Ni-Ti) "self". Fe is necessarily a group dynamic function.

Without a "you" there is no "me" (at least, none of great interest); there is only the potential "me"s, and once there is a "you", a "me" for the "you/me" dynamic will coalesce. That "me" will not necessarily get along well with the "you", the dynamic is not necessarily positive or even workable.INFJ woman, ENTP men who need therapists. 

ENFP woman, INTJ men who need therapists.Astrology does have a *foothold* in reality. It works like this. Assume a group of people who are geographically confined, and genetically related, to a much greater extent than is normal in our modern societies with international travel. Assume they share diet, living conditions, access to shelter and clothing, etc. The point being that the people live more-or-less the same way.

Women in this society will become pregnant year-round, and women who become pregnant at particular times of year, will tend to experience particular climatic conditions during their pregnancy. This will affect their body fat levels, diet, sunlight exposure etc etc in a fairly consistent way. Bear in mind that they are closely related genetically.

Over time, this society's sages will notice that children (who become adults) born in particular times of year share characteristics of personality. How does this society track time through the year, at a finer level than seasons? They probably use the stars, the constellations. It's not that "Taurus is in August" (or whatever) - there is no "August" distinct from "Taurus". The month is "Taurus".

Mother's diet etc is not obvious enough--you yourself missed the possibility, as did I until it was explained to me--and the explanation of divine influence, and the motion of the stars through the year, is attractive.

There's the foothold in reality.ISFJ, INFJ, ISFP or INFP. Ask her to read the descriptions of all four and tell you which one best describes her.Try reading the function descriptions in the sidebar. Does she prioritize Fi, Ti (unlikely), Ni or Si? Does she secondarily relate to Fe, Te, Ne or Se?How would you use science to learn anything about morality?

Science is best viewed as a subset of philosophy, dealing with the limited context of *things as they are* , rather than the far more expansive and interesting *things as they might be*.I've worn them. Capes suck. There's a good reason why almost everyone switched to coats in the 16th century: capes actually get in the way of your arms *more* than coats do. If you want to be warm you have to hold the thing closed, and if you want to use your hands you're no longer as warm. Coats are just better in every way.I'm waiting for programmable subdermal displays.I like data but it has to earn its place in my lifePretty sure the one linked from "exist" is a mistyped INFJ. Observing childhood traumas from mannerisms is more an Fe thing. A lot of us mistype as INTJs and INTPs because our Fe gets broken and withdraws early in life.Nah, there is definitely chemistry between INTJs and ENFPs. It's the classic Garden State romance trope.ISFJ is also fishing for compliments on the food, their outfit, their hair, their house, etc etc :)They always do, but their pursuit of deserved compliments can be exhausting to be around.Someone who tests as INTJ and INTP from time to time might actually be INFJ.I had a lengthy reply typed out and accidentally paged back with my iPhone and lost the lot. Sigh ...

In summary the key points are:

MBTI measures function usage by means of a multiple choice exam. This is inherently biased towards functions that are good in such situations, and also the testee’s anticipation of testers’ intentions, skews the results.

INTJ = Ni-Te-Fi-Se, INTP = Ti-Ne-Si-Fe, ISTP = Ti-Se-Ni-Fe, INFJ = Ni-Fe-Ti-Se

If the test measures function *usage during the test* this is going to promote Ni and Ti

Fe is naturally stressed by the pressures of our society and some INFJs suppress it and live mostly on Ni-Ti function interaction (possibly related to schizoid personality disorder, but read the diagnostic criteria)

Further reading on primary-tertiary loops

Someone for whom INTJ and INTP are equally likely options is possibly using Ni and Ti. The function stacks with Ni and Ti are INFJ and ISTP (also ENFJ and ESTP but the testee probably isn’t dubious about their introvert/extrovert tendencies!)

Anyway that’s enough of a breadcrumb trail to follow it if you want to.Presence of Te vs Fe would be the best INTJ vs INFJ discriminator, though discriminating between Te and Ti can be more difficult- the way I think of them is Ti: rubbing my soft ideas against the hard world to better shape the ideas; Te: rubbing my hard ideas against the soft world, to better shape the world. YMMV.The pubs are mostly closed.&gt; Klaus is definitely an Ne dom idk how you got ENFJ, probably an ENTP.

I got there by way of him being a disturbed personality, which means we need to consider primary-tertiary looping, and a crippled, apparently absent, auxiliary. He's seriously riding Se hard, which means he has to have Ni. But he doesn't use Ni, at all. I mean, the guy's basically a flagrant rejector of Nx. Except maybe for his iconoclastic fashion sense.

So what does he use? I think he uses Fe. I think, if he were totally in his right mind and in control of his superpower, his superpower would be heavily dependent on Fe; it's basically "other people" as a superpower.

So I'm thinking Fe-Ni-Se-Ti (ENFJ), or Se-Ti-Fe-Ni (ESTP). I lean toward ENFJ because I think it's reasonable to infer that the primary function of the personality would correlate with the primary "thought mode" of the power.

Extrapolating that further:

* Luther, super-strength, Se - so I'm going to change my assessment for him, to ESFP

* Diego, tactile telekinesis, Se - sticking with ESTP

* Alison, mind control, Fe - that's ESFJ or ENFJ, so let's go with ENFJ, her behaviour among the civil rights activists fits with that too, ENFJ can be a strong supporter/den-mother type.

* Five, teleportation in all 4 dimensions - that's maybe a Te power, so I'll entertain the idea that he could be ENTJ, though he seems more anti-social than usual. Or maybe it's an Ni power, given how dependent it is on gathering the information about the target, and the hints that it's somehow related to mathematics.

&gt; Reginald seems introverted. Either ISTJ or INTJ.

In S2 he's shown as a lot more social. He's super-focussed with the kids because that's his "project". He may not even have a human-analogue brain so his functions might work very differently, but assessing him as if he is a human, I think his urge to test and measure is very Te, and he's very very self-assured and has a huge case of "not invented here syndrome" which to me indicates Si.I'm reporting this to the mods! 

(Because I think it's good enough to be sidebarred.)The chad, or the chad who flexes on him?Work on yourself. Set yourself up the way you'd set up an ideal gaming computer.The line between evil and sick is difficult to narrow down. Consider the cases of people whose behaviour has been adversely affected by brain tumours. Or schizophrenia, or psychosis, or antisocial personality disorder, or narcissistic personality disorder. All of these are neurological.

If we had a method of reducing evil behaviour by treating the individual through some medical process, then to not do so because of some ideological stand about “responsibility” would be counterproductive.Yeah, they're the science/computer advisor the hero goes to for science/computer advice.An INTP who sucks with computers probably has some other thing they're really really good at, like a musical instrument, or linear algebra, or making miniature furniture. I've never met one yet who didn't have *some* obsessive hobby.Saul Goodman from Better Call Saul is such an ENTP stereotype. (And Kim Wexler is a classic INFJ.)
I can identify with that a bit, actually. c: If I'm surrounded with friends who are super into the game, I will definitely try to immerse myself in it, and generally find it a lot more enjoyable than trying to get into it while alone.This is interesting!  I half-heartedly played a few sports in school when I was younger, mostly because my parents seemed to want me to, but I could never really get my heart and soul into it. I did enjoy gymnastics, ballet, jazz, and other dance-related sports, but anything that involves a ball or puck is outside of my realm. 

My human is an ISTJ, so he also has Si/Ne in his stack, albeit in a different order than your husband - and is completely as "whipped up" by televised sports, too. Haha.I'd be curious to see what the correlation is between typing and sports viewership, especially now that you've brought up the potential introvert/extrovert dynamic.Haha. I agree with you. I am much more likely to enjoy myself at a sporting event in-person than viewing on television, even though it would not be my first choice for a night out.

&gt; The sensors I know really get into it, while the intuitives range from mild interest to straight up intolerance.

This sums up my personal experience very succinctly. c:Interesting! Thank you for the link.I will agree with this - I absolutely have an inner porcupine. :cFor me, I don't know that it's a response to alienation as much as it is a self-protection mode. I'm pretty conflict-avoidant, but if I am dragged into an argument, my response pattern is something like:

1. Try to calm the situation down
2. If unable to calm the situation, physically leave the situation
3. If unable to escape the situation, porcupine mode

It's more a *withdrawal* response than anything, and if someone keeps poking at me with the argument stick, I'll start getting defensive then. It is no bueno.

edit: a wordWhen I was younger, in high school, I tested as an ENFP my very first time taking the test. I *really* wanted to be that charismatic, quirky, spontaneous girl.INFJ here. Sanders for me. But, out of necessity, I will vote Clinton.INFJ here. I love to Iisten to music and sing along softly to myself while I work. My INFP coworker does the same. Neither of our extroverted coworkers do, they prefer to chit chat with each other. c:

Probably not overly type-related, but still interesting if there's any correlation!For me personally, it's the opposite. With other people around, I'll quickly become too aware of what they're doing, and I can't focus on the activity at hand. I'm much more productive when I'm left completely to my own devices.Just a casual observation here that I wanted some input on: how do you think involvement in sports (viewing or participating) differs between S-types and N-types?

I'm Ni-dom, and my significant other is Si-dom. He is really, fanatically interested in football. He played it in high school, has loved watching it for his entire life, and honestly knows the sport backwards and forwards in a way I probably will NEVER comprehend. I think it's really endearing, and fascinating, and I absolutely love his total immersion in it - but however much I try, I can't quite get into it that way.

He managed to get me interested, to an extent, by involving me in fantasy football. I enjoy the "points gathering" aspect of it - it feels to me like achievements in a video game, which captures my interest enough to let me participate with him and share his passions a little bit.

Of course it could just be personality differences that haven't got a whole lot to do with MBTI, but I'm interested to know what this community thinks. Could the N/S difference contribute to the differing interests here, or to the degree of involvement we are able to reach with this kind of interest?
It's difficult to say, I'll weigh in because you asked specifically about the show and I haven't yet read the books.  It's important to keep in mind her type of different from how the narrative treats her—whatever type she is she's portrays in a particularly sinister light in the story and any explanation(including mine) should keep these separate.  She is certainly not an ESFJ by any means, and likely not an ESTJ either--though it's easy to see why the others ITT would think so.  GeorgeRRM practically eviscerates all extraverted rational types, particularly ETJs which just happen to be the mirror image of his own type.  Now, what is she in the show--tactical/adaptable/audacious, particularly when it comes to moving people like tools for her own ends, she ignores social convention (again, not an EJ) especially regarding relationships and society's standards of (so especially not an ESFJ). For all these reasons I see her as an ESTP, with an undeveloped introverted side.  I'm an Infj and I see that you're allegedly an intj so I'll give it to you straight up.  Your skepticism has merit though it's based on a misunderstanding.  First, I wasn't implying that her incestuous relationship was the sole 'social convention' she ignores, I was thinking political convention (as in usurping the maester) as well as filial.  Furthermore, if I understand your use of the word 'set' to mean impose, I would ask you to cite examples of how she does this in the show.  In my view she gets the most upset when her options are closed off which is eS dominant, does not have the strategic foresight of an Entj like her father, doesn't have the logistical consistency of an estj.  Either way, if you meant by 'set' that ETJs/Circe wants to invent conventions you're incorrect in general.  Estjs would have interest in implementing/maintaining the status quo logistically and entjs would be interested in organizational structure as an aid in achieving strategic goals, but neither would be focused on 'setting social convention' as a primary pursuit.  That is to say, no, it wouldn't be their wet dream, and in fact would be in the picture as merely a means to an end.  The pursuit would be for truth and justice, emphasizing competence and decisive action and objective accuracy.  Circe seems primarily to find her own subjective reasoning--her own private internal workshop as the place where stable ideas come from--which is introverted rational which is a P type.  

I would also refute your implication that personal/intimate relationships are not indexical of particular types.  Though with my eF I would say that, because locating myself/people socially, within the context of their relationships, strikes me as the place where stable ideas come from, while (iT the inner world is vague/foggy/biased/always changing etc.).  If this makes sense let me know, if you'd like to continue the conversation please offer your reasoning or further examples.  This strikes me as a messy conflation that seems entirely personally biased on your part, distorted in scope and reductive in explanation.  Which is to say, point to specific examples IN the narrative wherein she's exemplifying type, and explain why she's doing what she's doing.  No one is genuinely motivated by 'trying to prove they're crazy monsters', even psychopaths aren't 'trying to be evil'--they don't even understand what evil is! That is in the same sense as normal folk with functioning amygdalas do.  Subjective reasoning is valid but if you want to get above the circlejerk into productive conversation by all means refute my explaination sand prove me wrong, don't just say that I am Oh come on, alright I admit it was a bit wordy and nerdy and even a bit dickish. I'm sorry.  What I should have said is this:  typing someone based on your own negative experience of someone else like you did with that estj is terrible.  You asserted your thoughts on why she was an esTj based on your negative experience with some other 'girl' you thought was 'controlling' and a whole slew of other negative characteristics that you imply all belong to the same type.   This is literally stereotyping.  Comments like yours are a large part of the reason there are so many misconceptions surrounding the MBTI and type in general.    This blending of your own personal judgements with your worthwhile thoughts on someone else's type is what I meant by conflation.  Typology has such potential to clarify the way people understand themselves and others, to help people see themselves and others for who they really are.  It talks about people's very identity.  Which is why it should be handled carefully and rationally, and this doesn't include blanket assertions and generalizations like your comments ITTSo, your question touches on a lot of things, but I'll try to clarify a few. 

First— you are right that type results from interaction between the innate and the learned.  This is like epigenetics: One is born one with a specific phenotype which affects how they interact with an environment, the environment then changes gene expression, and the cycle continues.  A good analogy to illustrate this process, and one I was taught with and use to teach, would be to compare it to 'handedness' – which is to say the notion that people are either right-handed or left-handed.  The very first time an individual is presented with a pencil and paper and compelled to write, (if given the freedom of choice) they will pick it up with whatever hand feels most natural.  And they will begin to use it to achieve goals and produce successes.  Over time it gets easier to write with their "preferred" hand, and so they will use it as much as they can because it is the lowest energy to use – it doesn't take as much concentration and (what Jung called) psychic energy. They use it more, they are thus better at using it, it produces more successes, it feels natural and is lower energy; in this way it becomes a preferred/dominant approach.  Though, notice that right-handed people can still use their left hand, and many tasks in life require the synchronous cooperation of both hands. 

Second— though you may have only use this as a functional example, and if so this may seem pedantic – the notion of the distrust in either the external or the internal is technically an attitude (introversion or extroversion) and not a function.  Functions exist in attitudes as hypothesized.  We now know, thanks to fantastic neural imaging research of the past 15 years, that functions in attitudes occupy distinct parts of the brain, aligning closer with the structure of Carl Jung's original ideas than Myers Briggs.  (Disclaimer: the brain is incredibly complex – with many different parts required to do even simplest tasks.  So when I note these regions – understand that i'm speaking of quantifiable generalities here) The left hemisphere which deals with the language, abstraction, concepts, structured/sequential/expected things is 'J' type's strong-hand: with extroverted feeling and extroverted thinking primarily involving the prefrontal cortex of the left hemisphere and introverted sensing an introverted intuition located in the back of the left hemisphere.  The right brain which experiences the present moment, is global and diffuse in taking in information both sensory and contextual is 'P' type's strong-hand; with extroverted sensing intuition in the front right hemisphere and introverted feeling and thinking in the back right hemisphere.  This notion was almost to be expected given how extroverted functions have to do with goal pursuit and the external environment, processes associated with the front of the brain. 

Yo!  Lenore Thompson is such a heavyweight theorist, she's got some of the most profound insight I've ever encountered in a typologist.  I sort of see her like a yoda-esque sage I only aspire to be one day.  And Nardi is so fantastic with his work so heavily influenced by that UCLA research oriented program.  

And it's important to separate the MBTI from Jungian Typology I think.  I was involved with CPP for a few years after undergrad--and am certified practitioner (it doesnt take a lot) and like 4 practicing hours away from being master practitioner so i've been to quite a few seminars and annual conferences.  They do good work in a way--the MBTI is like CBT where they sort of get folks who don't really know about the theory (and, in my experience, don't yet know enough to even type themselves with accuracy) to be proficient administering the measure.  They've got strict ethical codes against using it for hiring and firing, and the large majority of them have the best of intentions and are trying to help folks out with it.  

On the other hand, the measure has obvious and profound deficits.  Admittedly, typology is a huge bitch to operationalize, especially based on folk's self reports.  It intends to be culturally independent but simply cannot: for example it still has the question, "are you more shy or outgoing?"; in an extraverted culture like today's western culture the quality of 'outgoing' is valued as positive/female characteristic while 'shy' introversion is attributed to females and largely only understood as failed extroversion (poorly integrated, loner, neurotic or alienated).  What this means is that extraverts with low self-esteem will choose shy and introverts with high self-esteem will choose outgoing (ESPECIALLY if they have eF dominant).  extraverted feelers in particular who allign with what is socially expected/meaningful/acceptable end up mistyping due to our Introverted feeling cultural values and so end up, in order to be socially accepted they demonstrate not caring about being socially accepted.  And every extrovert who's burned out with talking, or finds that they also (like all humans), enjoy/need/desire time to themselves and privacy suddenly thinks they're an introvert ...If i had a nickle for every extrovert that told me withthe utmost confidence in a sullen tone "I'm totally an introvert", I'd have at least enough for a couple vending-machine sodas ;).  These values have also shifted in our culture, the meaning of the words has changed since the MBTI was created yet the test has not.  CPP divorce themselves from accountability by asserting 'its not a test, it's an 'inventory'', 'there are no right answers and so if you got different results its because you answered the questions differently'.  So, there are problems with the MBTI, but when people say the MBTI is bunk pseudoscience they throw the baby out with the bath water; even if the MBTI were a worthless measure, that would not for a second mean that the theories it is based off of are also invalid.  

and so to try to answer your question again--"why a person gravitates towards using specific functions when any of these present in the L/R regions could have been chosen even if one prefers a certain hemisphere." To contiue with the handedness analogy, i understand you as asking 'what makes a person choose or gravitate toward which hand they want to use.  On the eF iT axis, it's my vague feeling that it's not a subjective desire/choosing/gravitation/iF leading to types as being objectively different eT; but it's the subjective nature of the "logical machinery of the mind" iT which bridges our objective similarities and commonalities eF.  That is, your question is re-contextualizing ideas from the opposite axis with a degree of inaccuracy in trying to address that idea.  

Also, if that's not exactly what you meant; the world of psychology hasn't answered the question of whether or not the developmental propensities of humans are primarily innate or learned.  This is roughly the difference between Psychological Nativism vs Empiricism (a quick wiki of this will give you more/better info).  But thinkers and theorists do great work on both sides; nativists like vygotsky, stephen pinker, jerry fodor and noam chomsky; empericists like aristotle and piaget and information systems theorists. nativists think that 'knowledge' is innate vs empericists with learned.  there is a definite typological trend when it comes to which camp one prefers.    I TP's would be more promethean. Logical principles, technology/tool oriented, 

The Apollonian ideal is NF writ large—God of medicine, prophecy, light, inspirational (over virtuosic) music, etc.  

Also--check out Stephen Montgomery'a books on type in literature, given that the subject is your masters thesis work I think you'll find it interesting to read others that've written on the subject 

AND -- I would watch the tendency to use pejorative language for those of opposite type than our own (for example the etj's as cynics) because they are only through the lens of an IFP who sees their constant voicing of inefficiencies and deficits in a system as cynical negativity.  For their part, they do it to help out and so it shows that they're personally invested in a project.  By all means, my misunderstanding.  I only have a cursory understanding of classical schools.  The E and I situation on the other hand,  how about Empiricism and Nativism, those that emphasize reality being the external situation vs what we bring to it from within.  I'd love to know more abt what you're doing so I'll read whatever you share!! Great project and it sounds awesome  
1. /u/Today4U, playing Rick, convincingly portrays a struggling writer dealing with a crazily overactive imagination. He conveys much of the personality of Rick’s character in a way that allows the audience to understand the rather multifaceted play.

2. (Teacher to my father, enthusiastically) You are a parenting god!

3. I wish I could sing like that!

4. I need to be more like you.

5. You have really nice feet.How did she react?Ni/Ne represent different processes for coming up with slightly different song lyrics. Both are capable and fast but have different motivations.

Ne may consider a possibility, then a judging function decides it doesn't work yet and thus Ne generates another possibility. But it doesn't throw the first possibility out, as the possibilities form a sort of system where each possibility informs the other possibilities, and the judging function is thus asked to consider all possibilities at all times in the process. Each judgment impacts the understanding of the relationships between all possibilities thus far considered. (The weakness is that it can miss some details because it's focused so broadly, and thus may select something that seems to fit the criteria but actually has some unconsidered flaw)

Ni may consider a possibility, then a judging function decides it doesn't work for X problem and thus throws it out, and then a new possibility is generated, checked quickly for X problem, if it doesn't have X problem then checks if the possibility works. If it discovers Y problem then this 2nd possibility too is thrown out and the third possibility is checked for X, Y, does it work. Until something finally works. (The weakness being that good ideas are thrown out too quickly for a perceived minor flaw or for not being exactly what the judging function is looking for, when the implementation or combining of it with other ideas would make it work or make it go over well)

Point being Ni throws possibilities out when they are judged negatively by other functions but retains new information/criteria to analyze the next generated possibility, and thus considers 1 possibility at a time vs all required criteria, while Ne keeps all possibilities in mind along the way and doesn't throw things out when they are judged negatively because new possibilities may impact the previous judgments.

Ne demands that the judging function uses the next possibility to understand and refine the possibilities already considered, Ni demands that the judging function evaluate the next possibility only, with the judging function using the information learned thus far to understand and evaluate it.

This is my present understanding let me know if you have other thoughts! Hope it helps :)

**Tl;dr**
Ni: "I see you learned something and refuted The One Idea, tell me if The New One Idea works according to what you learned"
Ne: "I see you learned something, apply it to all my ideas and their relationships and tell me if any of them now work"Some of my thoughts:

Ne may consider a possibility, then a judging function decides it doesn't work yet and thus Ne generates another possibility. But it doesn't throw the first possibility out, as the possibilities form a sort of system where each possibility informs the other possibilities, and the judging function is thus asked to consider all possibilities at all times in the process. Each judgment impacts the understanding of the relationships between all possibilities thus far considered. (The weakness is that it can miss some details because it's focused so broadly, and thus may select something that seems to fit the criteria but actually has some unconsidered flaw)

Ni may consider a possibility, then a judging function decides it doesn't work for X problem and thus throws it out, and then a new possibility is generated, checked quickly for X problem, if it doesn't have X problem then checks if the possibility works. If it discovers Y problem then this 2nd possibility too is thrown out and the third possibility is checked for X, Y, does it work. Until something finally works. (The weakness being that good ideas are thrown out too quickly for a perceived minor flaw or for not being exactly what the judging function is looking for, when the implementation or combining of it with other ideas would make it work or make it go over well)

Point being Ni throws possibilities out when they are judged negatively by other functions but retains new information/criteria to analyze the next generated possibility, and thus considers 1 possibility at a time vs all required criteria, while Ne keeps all possibilities in mind along the way and doesn't throw things out when they are judged negatively because new possibilities may impact the previous judgments.
Ne demands that the judging function uses the next possibility to understand and refine the possibilities already considered, Ni demands that the judging function evaluate the next possibility only, with the judging function using the information learned thus far to understand and evaluate it.
This is my present understanding let me know if you have other thoughts! Hope it helps :)

Tl;dr Ni: "I see you learned something and refuted The One Idea, tell me if The New One Idea works according to what you learned" Ne: "I see you learned something, apply it to all my ideas and their relationships and tell me if any of them now work"Ni might say should we use X method, should we have X, and then evaluate whether yes or no. Is X good. Does X require A, B, C and do we have A, B, C for X to work. Do we need D to make sure it doesn't go wrong. Then if X fails, it tries asking the same questions of Y method.

Ne might say we could use X method, or Y method, or Z method and compare the three, combine the three, mix and match the three and especially compare criteria against all three: Can A go wrong with X? Can A go wrong with Y? Can A go wrong with Z? Can B go wrong with X? Y? Z? Which can C go wrong with?I'm not sure what vibe to draw from your post. I think the decision process isn't up to N in a vacuum. N is just abstract thought; T and F judge the thoughts.

Here's a very Ne answer to a recent Type Me, where you can see the user making Ne-connections in a way that I can't relate to at all:

&gt; What do you spend the most time thinking about - the past, the present, the future? Practical topics, logistical issues, relationships with people, theoretical concepts, issues of morality/ethics? Do you find yourself fixating on one thing, coming back to it, and trying to figure it out, or are you more prone to meandering through multiple tangentially related topics? Do you often daydream/space out? When you do daydream or fantasize, what kind of things do you imagine and think about?

&gt; I worry about the future a lot. Most of the time I think about practical/logistical things because I'm a student who procrastinates, but outside of that I think about politics or daydream/fantasize about books, movies, and TV shows **(What would happen if a character/organization from one show were transplanted into the existing universe of another? How would their viewpoints clash? Is this show's reality harsher than this other show's? In what way? This show is more cynical - why? Things like that.)**

I spend more time analyzing the character for what she is in the environment she is in rather than comparing other shows or characters.Ironically I feel like I'm babbling buckets of nothingness without real conclusions so it's uplifting to know it can also be perceived as "in-depth responses". So thank you!

Another thing to consider is that Ni always comes with Se, and Ne always comes with Si so you can approach from that direction.I reached this conclusion too ^ _ ^I like adventures with many interesting characters and places, like Game of Thrones.

My chief recommendation is usually The Name of the Wind by Patrick Rothfuss for its beautiful writing style.This is condoning abuse, both verbal and physical

I really like your drawings though
The MBTI test itself relies on a level of self-awareness to be useful. I wouldn't draw conclusions from tests done on anybody younger than the age of 15. It's actually more difficult to try and pin down the personality of a growing child than a fully developed adult. 

There can be any number of reasons why you would want to type a child. After all,

&gt;MBTI and Jungian theories are useful tools for seeing how people construct and perceive their world.

The dominant functions, Dominant and Auxillary, are the primary tools we use to interact with the world. If you were to meet someone, these two functions would be the most likely to pop up. 

However, if you simply wish to understand their developing tendencies, weaknesses and aptitudes, try looking into child psychology instead of MBTI. It is infinitely more useful to parents, and gives them motivation to get to know someone better. If you were to keenly observe their behavior, you may even be able to pick up their cognitive functions in use. 

Perhaps the application of the Ni-Ti in INFJs vs. the Si-Ti in ISFJs is an indicator.

Where Si-Ti is good at breaking down and analyzing data from past experiences, Ni-Ti is good at filtering through suitable information for future use. Though Ti is stacked the same way for both types, in INFJs it plays an active part in mapping their day-to-day actions.I'm leaning towards INFJ here, but you can be surprised how extroverted an INFJ can be in the right situations. If their social skills are developed well enough, it can be difficult to tell whether they are Fe or Ni Dom. 

What pulled me closer towards INFJ was your friend's belief that she was introverted. I'd take her own view of herself over any outside perspective. But she comes off as a social butterfly from your perspective, seems to stand her ground quite well.

Which type do you think she is leaning towards?Yes, after some time I'm coming around more to ENFJ. Mature ENFJs and INFJs both make high use of Fe, so one key piece of information is looking into how she matured into who she is today. It seems her progression is Fe-Ni rather than Ni-Fe. I'm not familiar with how Ni manifests itself in ENFJs, but I know this doesn't resemble the progression of Fe in INFJs. 

I thought back to how she insists she is introverted, but perhaps she is simply tuning into her Ni insights and has recently begun to apply these concepts to herself. This would account for the recent change from E to I. 

Thanks for the reply, you brought a new angle to the discussion!Hey, I see you took your time researching the INFJ. The main difference between INFJs and ISFJs is Ni-Se vs. Si-Ne, so that would be a good place to start.

But no matter your type and outcome, please know that it doesn't define you or your future actions. There is no need to tie identity to type, it will only inflict hurt in the long run. A healthier way to look at MBTI is as a description rather than a blueprint. Ultimately it is a great tool to help you understand yourself and others better.

Good luck!Maybe ENFJ more manipulative, and INFJ more pensive? HahaFrom reading your post, I agree with many others that there is a lot of Fi in your writing. Despite this, from many points in your post I believe you are an INFJ. For me, it came down to being able to closely relate to most of your thoughts and experiences. One such shared experience was of the mismatch of societal role. I also wear a mask to better navigate the more shallow social environments, however I would argue that they serve as a useful way of self-expression in other safer environments. I'd wager an INFP or INTJ would either hide aspects of themselves or avoid expressing themselves(Fi); you sound like you are emphasizing different aspects of yourself (Fe).

It's very clear though that you are dealing with some very heavy issues, and a scarred past. The MBTI typing can be helpful in guiding self development or understanding others through a framework. What you seem to be seeking is a way to explain yourself, why you are who you are. 

Let me tell you something having gone through this myself: knowing what type you are is tangential to what you should be focused on. You need to understand that the way you are living is no way to go through life. In order to secure your future happiness, you must take your own concrete measures (therapy, counseling) to resolve and untie some of your inner conflicts as well as fulfill your emotional needs. But by no means does "self reliant" mean you are isolated or alone. There are many others who have gone through what you have dealt with, who can offer you wisdom. You deserve the same happiness. Stop by the INFJ subreddit or some of reddit's self-improvement subs if you are in search of community.

Good luck, there is so much more out there for you to learn and experience!

You definitely have Te-Fi and Ne.

I'd say you're Te-Si-Ne-Fi, ESTJ.INFJ 9w1

Slytherin 
Thunderbird
FoxYour Te seems so effortlessly active, as one would expect from a Te-Dom. It is present in how you structure your thoughts, and your organizational tendencies. 

You seem stronger at Te than Ne. 

Your Fi is there, smaller presence.

By evaluating how these functions stack up, I ruled out Ne doms, and Si/Fi doms.

Sorry, that's all I could really remember as to the concrete reasoning behind it. These factors tend to spin through my head when I make the call. Learning about the positioning of these functions( dominant&gt;auxiliary&gt;tertiary&gt;inferior) is very useful information if you wish to understand yourself and others better. Hope it helped!Fe manifests itself as "expression", and for the INFJ type it is often very cathartic. Conversely, if repressed it can lead to many problems and conflicted feelings (this looks like Fi). As it is our auxiliary function under Introverted Intuition, it is .strong but not always on. If stretched to its limits it is in danger of shutting off, causing the famous Ni-Ti loop. 

There is lots of information out there about the Ni-Ti loop, if you haven't checked it out already, stellarmaze.com has some interesting articles on that+Fi in INFJs. I'd be willing to discuss it with you as well!Just a hunch, but try visiting r/infj. For me, you appear closer to IxFJ than an IxFP. I'm seeing a lot more Fe rather than Fi. You describe not really being in tune with your own emotions at times, and also being active in directing social experiences. It doesn't seem like you are a sensor either, your "sensory overload" is similar to an Se-inferior.

Not all of our characteristics have to line up with the "descriptions" a test gives out. People are different, but there are definitely patterns. Taking the whole into consideration, you fit well into INFJ. Hopefully you can learn more about MBTI and cognitive functions to better inform yourself and shape your perspective. If you want to check it out, this is the r/INFJ sub.Hey there,

From what I can see in your description, Fi definitely stands out well. Se is also more prominent over Si.

I'd have to go with ISFP. You seem to have a good awareness of yourself, so it helped out greatly when typing you! Hi,
for me personally, there are many things pointing towards the fact that you are an ISFP. I have a few ways of determining functions, however this process is hard to describe. I'll do my best here.


Let's start with elimination. 
-------------------------------------------

Si:
&gt;I’m good at recognising when things are familiar, but that’s generally as far as it goes.
&gt;Similarly, I’m not good at noticing how things used to be. 

This does not point to Si dom OR Si aux. **You are not ISFJ, ESFJ, ISTJ, ESTJ.**

Fe:
&gt;In social situations, I’m more concerned with how I’m coming across as opposed to how everyone is feeling.
&gt;I never know what to say or do when someone is upset, and I think sometimes I can be a little insensitive.

Though it may come off as 'selfish' to not have Fe, it does not mean you are not receptive to other people's problems. Also, it **eliminates Fe dom and aux, ENFJ, ESFJ, ISFJ, INFJ.**

-------------------------------------------
By eliminating at least one judging function and one perceiving function, I now have a list of your remaining possible functions. 

Se Ne Ni Fi Te Ti

Now remove axis pairs Si-Ne and Fe-Ti

Se Ni Fi Te 

And that's what we have left in no particular order

**ISFP, ESFP, INTJ, ENTJ**

-------------------------------------------
Now to prioritize functions. This will be different to elimination, as we are determining which functions have higher priority within yourself. It's difficult to provide specific examples here, but just by reading through your entire thread, you are either an Fi dom/aux. 
ISFP or ESFP.

* **Fi Se Ni Te - ISFP**

* **Se Fi Te Ni - ESFP**

I have multiple points in order to narrow this down.

 &gt;ULTIMATELY, when I’m stressed or flustered (mainly flustered, like, from being yelled at or something), I become the clumsiest person in the world. I can’t think coherently and I bump into/drop everything. I won’t be able to hear what people are saying to me because I’ll just be laser focused on how I’m feeling. (I thought this could help with determining my inferior function somehow).

Whenever people get 'stressed', I find they tend to rely more on their Dom and Tert functions. **This description sounds closer to an over-reliance on Fi-Ni rather than Se-Te.**

  &gt;I think about random stuff, time travelling and mind reading seem to be the most consistent topics though.

**This entire paragraph describes Ni with Fi.** 

 I apologize for not having more substantial proof, but **I picked up Ni stronger than Te all throughout your descriptions.** I could say I have an Ni bias, but being Ni dom seems like it would instead help me pick it up all the more efficiently (e.g. a dog picking up another dog's scent).

-------------------------------------------
Final conclusion: Fi-Se-Ni-Te ISFP


This is in no way the end of your specific self-discovery journey through MBTI. Go out, learn more about your cognitive functions and how to utilize them! Find conclusive proof on your own on what type you are!

As for this thread, I am willing to discuss further between ISFP or ESFP, but beyond those two types, I believe I have substantial proof.

EDIT: formatting and highlightingOf course. To differentiate whether or not you have Fe or Fi if you fundamentally understand how they manifest in different types. 

When I was struggling to type as either INFJ or INFP, it was difficult because I seemed to have a strong amount of Fi. However upon further study, this Fi that I was experiencing was vastly different to the Fi experienced by INFPs, who are Fi Doms. To arrive at this conclusion, it was a messy Ni-Ti web of interconnected information and data, so I can't really help you with that. Try collecting perspectives from either sides of the pond, and see what suits you best.

It is a little difficult to outright tell you which type you are from behind a computer monitor. Here, anyone can be anything. However I made my decision based on what I saw, so it is up to you to weigh my response along with all the other resources you have gathered. Good luck!I'm going along with INTP as well. The judging functions I am sure about are Ti and Fe. Ti seems the more prominent of the two here.

For perceiving functions, I can see you utilizing both Ne and Si, Ne to a stronger degree.

From your description, you are introverted.

If you have Ti&gt;Fe, Ne&gt;Si, and are introverted, the only type that fits that description is INTP. 

If you are interested, it is always good to research a little more into cognitive functions, or even read through forums to get a better picture of how your type manifests. Hopefully you find this useful!I mean you're not wrong about Fi being there, but when evaluating the entire post, it fits the description an INFJ in a Ni-Ti loop very closely (as opposed to Fi-Ni). There is very clearly a strong Ni preference here either way.

In my view, OP matches up well to the traits of an INFJ.
If you want to read more into this, there are many great resources online about INFJs beyond simple descriptions. For the OP, I suggest beginning at the cognitive functions.I agree with the others here on ESTJ. I can see your brother fitting ISFP well.

- He is overall not too concerned about how he comes off to others as long as his intentions are clear to himself. Fi.

-Intuitive vs sensor is harder to tell here. Judging only by his composed nature about the whole affair, Se fits well.

On a purely speculative level now, I imagine he is quite laid back in attitude, and that you enjoy each other's company, preferably passively. On a fundamental level you won't understand each other's intention or logic, however you share common interests.Cheers Rhys. I recommend checking out r/INFJ if you haven't found it already, it is an interesting place filled with kind people.I think the [PBS Idea Channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZwJq88cWKY&amp;index=12&amp;list=PLtHP6qx8VF7d7rLinpgQajUZoo6iMpncJ) sets up many good questions about whether or not we can/should truly separate or even distinguish ourselves from the internet. I don't have any answers, but I do think we cannot ignore the effects of *unregulated* internet usage on our health. There are many ways to individually better regulate our [information diets](https://www.google.com.au/search?q=information+diet&amp;oq=information+diet&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.2723j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8) even now, and it will continue to prove an essential skill when navigating an increasingly interconnected future.  After this shitstorm of an election year ends, there is no way people won't be noticing the level of toxicity circulating media discussion, and how quickly it spreads in this global village we live in. Most likely an EXXP. Meld your character to appropriately tell the story and the surrounding cast.This is a clear INFJ. I didn't buy INTP since your Fe function is too well developed to be at the bottom of the function stack at age 19.

On determining the type for yourself, I would suggest looking up the cognitive functions to further narrow it down. The distinction, as you will soon learn, is often between Ne/Ni, Fe/Fi, Te/Ti, and Se/Si to form a set of four functions. 

For you, I have determined Ni&gt;Fe&gt;Ti&gt;Se, with Ni being your most used function, and Se being your least used. This might sound like gibberish, and it was confusing to me as well. I hope you find this interesting, there is a lot of insight to be gained.

Oh, and the r/INFJ community is a good place to ask any further questions!Are you being serious?

I agree with INFP though, seems to be stronger on the Ne-Si axis at the very least. Did well to write as much good info as possible too.Not in the professional sense. The meaning is closer to the "mentor" role here, in that we are all teachers of knowledge. We each have our own preferences when it comes to learning or acquiring knowledge, and so there are preferences for teaching or passing along knowledge. In fact, I believe the process of solidifying knowledge for the specific purpose of passing it along is a learning experience itself. 

I was hoping to get some perspective on teaching and learning preferences from different types.Sorry I couldn't provide more detail, your post was well done and full of good info. You could think of it like Ni-Se vs. Si-Ne. These two pairs work pretty differently from each other. 

I have to say though, the post matches up very well with Ni oriented thinking processes. It might just be hard to isolate, it is the dominant and most natural function within INFJs after all. I struggled the most with fully grasping Si, since its definition is so intertwined with the concept of memory and recall (fundamental elements of the human psyche). Thanks for the reply, the resource is really useful too!ENFP is a good fit here.You seem pretty low on the sensing Se/Si functions, with a slight preference for Se. 

For intuition, I can see Ni fitting better than Ne, although I can see why people could think you don't have Ni because of differences in social/ cultural habits. This sub, and MBTI in general like to typecast intuitive people as very creative and idealistic people, and some have lost sight of other possible manifestations of this function within people. 

Fe is definitely in your top two functions, although you lean towards introversion here ('chameleon' is a common characteristic of Fe users). 

Te is not ideal function, Ti is more likely here. 

My conclusion is Ni&gt;Fe&gt;Ti&gt;Se, INFJ. Feel free to ask me questions, or visit r/INFJ and scan through the threads and the side bar to see how it fits. .I can't identify the specific traits of two social environments in a useful way, I only know there is a difference. The effect is strong enough to bring into question the definitions and traits of functions like Ni when contextualized in different cultures.

Basically what I'm saying is: to identify the presence of Si is not enough to rule out Ni. 

Although I say that, I came to the conclusion somewhat similarly. I perceived a lack of Si to arrive at Ni. I can't think of any strong examples for an ISFJ to be forgetful, and although I can't rule out the possibility of an ISFJ like that to exist, it is not strong enough to consider Si as a possible function.

I don't mean to say Si = good memory, but it's difficult for me to conceive that your forgetfulness = Si (don't mean to say you have terrible memory, just phrasing it as you did in your post)&gt;I interpret as Si over Ni because I see it more as extrapolation of the concrete

This is also how Ni works, it makes intuitive leaps between what it perceives to be true and concrete. The difference is what different people trust as concrete information. In this way, Si may rely more on direct sensory or anecdotal data points as "concrete" to support a group of other data points. Ni may also use the same information, but identifies the concrete as something supported by a group of similarly oriented data points (I can't think of a word other than data point right now sorry).
She knows the subject well, but feels like it is either too much of a bother to unravel for others, or has too strong of connection to the subject to be able to discuss it without proper depth.  However, this is something that she knows deeply finally being brought up, so there's no way she can't contribute. She decides to only add a few comments here and there, enough to reveal the extent of her knowledge, yet refraining from showing-off or killing discussion.

No guess for the type. If it's anything similar to that, perhaps an INFJ like me is something to consider? INXXs seem to be drawn strongly to this theory.It might look like Dom Fe. It might even feel like Dom Fe, because that's what one thinks Dom Fe is. On top of that, there is the possibility that one could become better at being Dom Fe than some Dom Fe types. However, if we pull a Dom Fe up to that constant level of practice, they will always use it more naturally, because they are Dom Fe. Not everyone can just call themselves an ENFJ and be done with it, and being a super-Fe ISTP won't change that. Nobody can switch the stacking order of functions within themselves, even if they believe it so.

What some may think of as 'changing types' is closer to the experience of training each function. As we grow more mature and experienced, we rely less on our dominant and auxiliary functions, and incorporate the tertiary and inferior functions more and more, eventually growing stable and finding use in every day life. However, achieving stability is not indicative of a 'top' function. In order to properly understand the functions and utilize them to their full potential, the stacking order should serve as a guide for growth, not as a metric.I get excited to see the places an INFJ can appear, and I like watching carefully to see how they interact with the world. Both positive and negative traits help me understand them better, and through that I can apply select experiences to my own life. For example, the life of an INFJ actor in the media has always struck me as a hellish kind of existence, however the way these INFJ navigate the landscape opens up possibilities I never considered for myself. 

I am mostly drawn to INFJs, but no person is off limits in the study of the human experience. Thanks, something similar to that with lots of details.The node idea is interesting, especially the distinction between Ti data and Fi data.There's not much I can say for sure without knowing more about you as a person, but from what I can gather:

- Intuitive (not much evidence for sensor here)

- Extraverted 

- Leaning towards more Ni than Ne

- Not as much Fi

- Higher Fe than Ti


I'm thinking this matches up closely with an ENFJ. In fact, you seem like a very well developed ENFJ who has learned not to rely so heavily on their Fe function, which might explain your agreeableness.

I'll add an additional question: How decisive are you?1. INFP Introverted, High Fi. 

Other Possibilities: INFJ, ISFP

2. ESTP Extraverted, High Se/Ne, noticeable Ni, Strong Ti, noticeable Fe. This was a tougher one. 

Other Possibilities: ENTP.

3. INFJ Introverted, High Fe, more Ni than Si, noticeable Se. 

Other Possibilities: ISFJ.

4. ISTP Introverted, High Ti, noticeable Se, noticeable Fe. 

Other Possibilities: INTP.

Something that might help me understand how you view them: What type are you, and how close are you to each person?
Fi Dom, ISFP or INFPAfter looking through your other posts, I can see Ne is very present. This particular post was good for emphasizing the Fe and openness aspect of your personality, which may have skewed my previous conclusion. I also did not take into consideration your age, which often plays a large part in the openness factor. Here's what I think now:

- Between the XNTPs, I'm going with ENTP, as I see less emphasis of Ti and more on Fe.

- Between ENFJ and ENTP, I'm now going with Ne dom instead of Fe dom.

- Between ENTP and ENFP, Ti-Fe seems more likely than Fi-Te due to a lower Fi.

- Between ESTP and ENTP, the type of openness is geared towards new ideas rather than situations, something closer to Ne doms rather than Se doms.

No problem. Based on this post alone, I'd say you have a very good eye for people/ their behaviors. Of course this may be because they are your good friends, but this depth of awareness is not always common. Also, when testing for your own type, your mood *can* affect your results, but in very specific ways that are sometimes noticeable. 


If you want to start small then order the cognitive functions into a specific type, these are my steps:

- Introversion vs. Extraversion is always a good place to start. 

- Next, S vs. N and F vs. T, or taking a look at the Se-Ni vs. Si-Ne axes, and the Fe-Ti vs. Fi-Te axes. 

- After determining some of the function preferences, there is the option of looking at specific type descriptions, eliminating types you don't identify with, or consulting outside opinion.From what I can see, INTJ/INTP/INFJ seems a strong candidate here. I suggest taking a look at the subreddits, some online resources and some more observation in general. There are many nuances within each type, so don't forget to take the time to observe and get to know yourself, as you have already done with your friends here. 


I'm open to explain some of the reasoning behind my conclusion, or answering more questions you may have about MBTI.

Also, while I'm at it, which of these family members are the closest to you in their thought processes? I'm speaking broadly here, but it would be nice to know.IXFJDo you mean A-T?Hey, good on you for taking a step forward here and laying down some truths about yourself. 

From what I can tell from the post, you have likely always been introverted. Self confidence is not limited to extraverted people, and one tends to be either introverted/extraverted for life. 

Looking at cognitive functions, I can see Ni very strongly. As an INFJ, I closely identify with the constant struggle with the all or nothing aspect of perfectionism.

However, it is going to be harder to distinguish between Fe and Fi. If I had to say, the former is more strongly emphasized here, though I'd be willing to expand on that if prompted. Thus, INFJ is the most likely candidate, with INTJ being the second.

As for the P-J thing, pay no mind to the dichotomy when trying to type people. Anybody has the capacity to be organized/ disorganized. For example, INTJs and INTPs can vary strongly from each other (Ni-Te-Fi-Se vs. Ti-Ne-Si-Fe) and the difference does not lie on a scale between P vs. J.

Some of the other issues you discussed are no doubt hard to deal with, however all can unlearned with perseverance and time. Do not be distracted with things like how your pace compares with others, as long as you keep improving upon yourself, it is a net positive. As I mentioned above, I'm willing to answer any questions you have. I also recommend checking out Michael Pierce's videos on the INFJ in some spare time, they are good places to begin and/or deepen your knowledge.I initially came up with INTJ, but your description had more Fe than Te. Sometimes INFJs retreat into the Ni-Ti loop and give off a strong NT vibe, partly why INFJs are said to have a warm exterior and cold interior. This is opposite for INTJs with a cold exterior and warm interior. If you want to investigate specifically into the loops for each personality, they are the first and third functions of each type: Ni-Ti for INFJs, Ni-Fi for INTJs.

To add another layer, I identify strongly with what you say here, including your experiences with emotions. I think there could be a lot for you to learn by visiting r/INFJ, or by doing some quick searches around this Ni-Ti loop to see if you can relate. Let us know how it goes!Yup, no doubt about ENTP, though I'm open to discussion. There's a ton of stuff about them on the internet to soak in, have fun!I think you're spot on about IXFJ, with aux Fe and tert Ti. This post has listed much more Ni traits than Si, and I can also relate closely with what you have said. That makes INFJ the most likely conclusion, everything here considered.

You say yourself you are pretty knowledgeable about MBTI, so I think I'm just re-affirming your suspicions here. Exploring the self through others is a big reason why we do this. Good luck :)This is going to take a lot of guesswork/ more discussion, but I read all of the bold, and what you wrote. 

I think you are on the Ti-Fe axis, as well as the Ne-Si axis, with the most likely type being ENTP.

How I came to this conclusion: I observed that OP only highlighted phrases they identified with. I also attributed less weight on the score assessment below each function, as it depended too heavily upon how thoroughly the OP grasped each function. I then identified the function present within each highlighted sentence, regardless of which subheading it was under. E.g. The highlighted sentences under Se fit closer with Ne.

By accumulating all of this info, that conclusion was the best I could come up with. INTP and ENFP are the other closest possibilities. There are definitely better ways to type oneself, but I feel solid about my conclusion, and your bold highlighting of sentences made that possible. May be on to something there at the very least.

Extra question: Introverted or extraverted?I have a similar experience with scoring strong Fi despite being Fe aux. As far as I can tell through cross referencing other tests and some self reflection, I'm definitely Fe aux. 

So what's the deal here? Do we actually have Fi AND Ti, or do we just happen to *score* highly on Fi? 

Fi is an introverted judging function, and is responsible for forming 'moral' logic structures to back  decisions. Ti is also an introverted judging function, and it similarly forms 'rational' logic structures to back decisions. I'm not wholly familiar with the structural anatomy of each function, so I'll stick with comparisons.

What you may experience as Fi may actually be your tertiary Fe turning on, usually  in place of your stronger Ti. This may be what causes the perception of a "switch" happening from thinking to feeling, and it could explain why we find it difficult to think rationally in an emotionally charged state of mind. Read up on the traits of Fe and Fi users, and you'll discover that they are quite distinguishable from each other.

If you want to figure out your type, do some more online testing, go through Fe vs. Fi and Ti vs. Fi, and figure out whether you're an extravert or an introvert.

I personally am of the opinion that you are not an INFP, as your Fi is too weak to be Fi dom. The most plausible would be ENTP, although INFJ or INTJ could fit well based on what you've mentioned here. Good luck!

EDIT: Read your results. It is too confusing to make any solid conclusion, I recommend taking another test on top as well :)This is wigi level materialDon't mean to confuse you, but INFP is still plausible here.I sometimes find out that the characters I project myself onto are usually INFJs. I do this with real and fictional people.  It helps me identify and almost live another person's experience without doing it myself. It is not totally dependent on it, but my immersion is deepened when the book is well-written.I wrote a comment earlier about Fe vs. Fi. 

- Fe types are in tune with other people's emotions. Showing sympathy through mutual feelings. Higher Fe users are vast in scope when it comes to the detection and flow of emotions. Emotional logic pertains to the tracking of group dynamics and motivations.

- Fi types are in tune with their own emotions. Showing empathy (not necessarily the same as being an empath) through mutual experience. Higher Fi users show depth in their understanding and channeling of emotions. Emotional logic pertains to the tracking of internal (not limited to the self) dynamics and motivations. 
Only an incredibly kind person would willingly embrace darkness to save the rest :)I discovered Faye Valentine from Bebop to be one of the few female ESTPs I've seen in fiction. By comparison Spike seems like a well developed ISTP. I'm going to have to go with ESTP here. A lot of what you said about being grounded when not alone has more in common with Extraverted people (not limited to Es, it happens to me after extended periods of time). ESTPs will also still be drained by extended social interactions, as their Fe is a tertiary function. Not all ESTPs fit the stereotype of adrenaline junkies who never shut up (exaggerating here, but you get what I mean), just as not all ISTPs are quiet/ socially awkward.

One big difference between extraverts and introverts is where people gain their energy. Do you prefer to recharge with others and spend that energy alone (engaging in activities together, taking back experiences with you), or do you prefer to recharge alone and spend it with others (Resting/ engaging in independent activity and bringing lessons with you).
Following my gut, these qualities correlate well with a high functioning ENFP, Ne-Fi-Te-Si, of around 24-29 years old. 

Your Ne has been a dominant force in your life, which gives us INFP, ENTP and ENFP. Ruled out ENTP, as your Fi is stronger than your Ti. Ruled out INFP, as your Te is growing stronger at a rate faster than normal INFPs at this maturity. Your Si is there, not as present as your other functions according to this list of traits.

Do you consider yourself an introvert or an extravert?Thank you for your descriptions, they were very helpful. I did find that what you described didn't always necessarily fit under the function heading, so I evaluated the post in its entirety. I don't believe you are an INFJ, and there is a high chance you are an INTJ. Yeah, the way you describe it here definitely falls within ENTP.INFJs can be known to be mentally resilient in the face of incredible stress. While this sounds great, the ability to function under extreme conditions can also be abused to breaking points. Anxiety disorders, depressive episodes and others can manifest later in development; a ticking pressure bomb if not managed well.100%Contemplative and reflective, very nice.Most of these genuinely made me laugh. How did they generate this?
INFJ

I suggest reading a little into each of the types listed here, or even visiting their subreddits. INTP

ENFP

INTJI try to type people based on their cognitive functions rather than online type descriptions. That being said, the combination and manifestation of the traits you describe here fit INFJ very well. This is why I suggested exploring other INFJ communities; to see if any of it resonated deeply with your actions and thought patterns.

Also read through your post history. Many people are picking up on your disorganization (possible ADD) and labeling it "Ne". You seem to be very confused there, and it's understandable. I highly recommend delving deeper into the four INFJ cognitive functions (Ni-Fe-Ti-Se) and seeing if you can rule any of them out.You could try searching "INFJs with ADD" and seeing if that matches up in any way. I'd be wary about typing tests if you have any underlying conditions that might affect your results, so this method is about the best way to type yourself.
INFJ. You sound like a nice person, thanks for writing all that down :) Silence is a form of communicationHard to tell between INFJ and INFP here. How old is he? It may be too early to type him.
What is the nature of his day to day impulses? Are there situations where he is especially impulsive/ meticulous?
Thanks for the quick reply, it would help if you could further clarify this with some aspect of his inner thought process :)
Initial impression is of an INTJ. 

You don't strike me as a Sensor, although I also can't entirely rule out the effects of potential mental illness on the ability to take care of yourself. You also mention frequently thinking about the future, in both positive and negative circumstances.

Do you consider your own emotions more strongly than others when making most decisions? It could be an indicator you have Fi.

I can go in deeper, but I'm a bit busy right now. Let me know if you're interested.I've heard some say he is an INTP.Thanks for writing this, I also enjoyed it. 

What was the context for this way of thinking? There are situations where interpretation of a set of words can reveal several positive and negative implications (i.e. interpretation of laws or rules to fit certain values). Are you advocating for this particular approach in response to other MBTI/ Jungian typology forum posters? Or as a potential heads up to those who may want to try their hand at understanding older writings on the subject?I wouldn't know enough about Elon to type him properly. The few things I remember about him are strikingly Ti-dom though. His deep thirst for knowledge and desire to learn in a variety of subjects are very clear to me for example.  

Others also point out his strong foresight as indicators of Ni, but nothing about his planning highlights anything but strong logical detailing, unlike the intuitive leaps of some INXJ decision makers.

As for Fe-inferior, it is difficult to tell as both INTJs and INTPs can be seen as being uncomfortable and avoidant of this function. My understanding was that IXTJs held a level of distaste for Fe, while IXTPs were more likely to just be unwieldy and blunt in their applications and readings of Fe.

Glad you replied, it's good for discussion.If it's possible, is there a link to this post? I would love to see it
Thanks!ISFJ

Invested in people, and people-oriented things.  Sounds like a nice friendI'm an INFJ, Fe aux. I do get uncomfortable at times by strong emotions, especially ones that have some level of pain/ negativity behind it. Adjusting how much we are absorbing is AFAIK, out of our conscious control, so it helps to remove yourself from emotionally overwhelming situations. My guess is that depending on how high up your Fe is in the stack, it determines how much emotional baggage you can manage before being overwhelmed.

Thanks for writing out your thoughts here. I also find that Fe in general is a pretty misunderstood function, and there aren't many descriptions out there that do it justice.

Here's a few links I have on Fe, some of which directly touch upon your argument:

- http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2015/10/commentary-on-myers-definition-of-fe/

&gt; One reason could be that Fe types don’t recognize themselves in the Fe function descriptions or the EFJ type portraits and tend to lose interest early on. And if that were the case, then who could blame them? From my perspective, many of the Fe descriptions that I have read don’t actually describe the Fe psyche, but rather some bundled-up list of traits that EFJs tend to share while entirely missing the reality of how Fe actually functions and why those traits appear from a function-based perspective.


- Also a video link here [Cognitive Functions: Commentary on Fe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOIpgTBAfKA&amp;feature=youtu.be)




- [ENFJ vs. INFJ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AlD_HVWi-Y)Reading through your post, I realized that I manage and keep my own 'pensieve' in the form of a journal. I like to jot down when my head is full of emotional baggage, useful bits of information that I know I won't remember on my own, or insights on people, situations and things. The moments afterwards can feel calm and empty, or charged with renewed life after shedding weight. At times, I am able to come to revelations and conclusions about aspects of my life much faster. I don't write nearly as often as I'd like, so it helps to think of journaling as some type of magical tool to sort out your thoughts. Would be way easier to do and sort through.Depending on the acceptable culture regarding beggars, your mothers reaction could be the result of not wanting to infringe upon the set rules if the establishment. It is the logic of "I would not invite an unwelcome guest into my host's home". I will call this a product of the Te function. Her further defenses were as a result of you directly questioning her moral standings, which she felt obligated to defend. Nobody enjoys having their moral ideals shattered, and will go to surprising lengths to protect them.


Another possibility is that she sought to escape negative confrontation within the situation by seeking a third party (an 'authority' in this case). She is thus not engaging with directly with the beggar, and is instead giving up the responsibility for the outcome to somebody else. This allows her to not be judged too negatively (by both the beggar and the waiter) for the ultimate outcome: the beggar leaving the store with no direct confrontation. A product of Fe (possibly unhealthy avoidance behaviors)

Also explains her slight frustration with you when you are directly confronting the her actions. She feels obligated to justify her decision (Ti) with anecdotal evidence around the homeless situation. This is to serve the goal of stopping your flow of negative judgement, or converting it to positivity in order to reinforce her actions(Fe judgements are fed through external opinions, and can be just as easily be changed by outside force).

Which one sounds more like your mother? I am skewed towards Fe-Ti since I have those functions and am able to understand them better, but I'd like to know what you think.You've probably also arrived at ENTP. He sounds like a pretty cool, well adjusted kid.You're not an asshole. I doubt even most Fe-doms have this social thing remotely figured out. Reading and acting upon social cues can be difficult, especially when you are in the midst of a social situation, so don't beat yourself up about it.

Among the many xxTx types I know, most of them had to just learn to live with the occasional slip up or abrasiveness. Some of them use it as a vehicle for their outlook on life, and some have inadvertently pushed away good people. I think we all struggle with a social deficiency of one kind or another, so I suggest you keep learning.

Good luck.

Love this post! It sometimes sucks to know a language and not be able to converse with it. When I'm thinking in MBTI, I have to convert it to english, and at times there are no direct translations. You could say I've managed to teach some of my close friends and family to understand and even string together a few sentences, but I want to be able to build my own vocabulary as well.We should always strive for better ways to describe the distinction between Fe and Fi, as well as the similarities between the two internal logic functions of Fi and Ti. You touch upon how Fe and Ti do not exist entirely separate from each other as conventional descriptions would suggest, and I think that is key to understanding the nature of axes. Thanks for bringing that perspective to the discussion!I am pretty sure about the introvert part. Although he isn't afraid of the critical reception, it seems to me that it is because he belongs to a different tribe, made up of his friends and family. He so heavily centers his morals and happiness around his circle and their morals and happiness that it is hard to believe Fi over Fe.

What does that leave us with? Introverted + Fe.

ISFJ, ISTP, INTP, INFJ.

I believe his Fe is quite strong, and not inferior as with the IXTPs.

That leaves us with:

ISFJ or INFJ. Si-Ne vs. Ni-Se

As an INFJ myself, the gut feeling is leaning towards INFJ. Many things become very interesting when I see him in this light. Doing this opened up my perception of Adam Sandler, and also what my mind thinks an INFJ looks like. It was worth the try, thanks for the well structured post!
You sound like an ENTP Ne&gt;Ti&gt;Fe&gt;Si

This matches up with extraversion and Ne very well: 
&gt;- for starters I'm definitely into intellectual sparring. Nothing gets my goat like good old fashioned debate sprinkled with some provocateur when I'm excited
- I have a very scattered brain, I jump from hypothesis to hypothesis, I try to think in the opposite direction from how everyone's thinking or taught to think.

As for this part:
&gt;I am reclusive, I slightly enjoy loneliness but not in a meditative manner I just like to be on the internet 25/8, I thoroughly enjoy being with people but I don't really care for it too much, I am emotionally distant and emotionphobic I am mature enough to admit (bur too immature to find the correct phrase for emotion-phobia

It sounds like tertiary-Fe. You have developed Fe to the point where you can process people's emotions and needs, and generally avoid stepping on people's toes most of the time. It sounds like you have lower emotional sensitivity than an aux-Fi ENFP, and a lower tolerance for emotions than a dom-Fe ENFJ. It also makes the case for Aux-Ti, which you seem to find comfort in whenever turning inwards, or when alone. You associate closer and seem to prefer Ti facts and reasons, not Fi emotions and values.

&gt;the worst thing in the world is when you're friends with someone of the opposite sex and they suddenly catch feelings and want to be together.

The surprise at someone "catching feelings" is likely as a result of missed emotional signals or cues, which would happen less frequently with high-Fe types. The discomfort of being tied down in a relationship is often linked with inferior-Si types, who are focused on finding new possibilities and rejecting limiters.

I'm open to discuss this with you. It's always helpful to have an extra eye, especially when typing yourself! You didn't write this as an option, but I think you are an INFJ rather than an INTP, INFP or even INTJ. To me, INFJ fits this combination of descriptions the best. INFJs have Ni&gt;Fe&gt;Ti&gt;Se, and do have some parallels to both INTPs and INFPs. 

&gt;I love learning new principles and theories, and I fit them into my everyday life. 

Fitting learned principles and theories into everyday life is closer to Ni rather than Ti. Ni is a perceiving function, and it organizes patterns and connections to draw them together neatly. 

&gt;I also love most art forms – especially drawing, and writing. Although now, I read articles about writing more than I actually write. I’ve realized that I have a very mechanical approach to art. I’m always researching laws and formulas I can use in my art/writing to make it better but that might just be my OCD. I also have an unhealthy obsession with TVTropes.com, which is basically a site that analyzes storytelling conventions. (Te?)

Ni-Ti research patterns, first looking for maxims and overall connections (Ni) to better understanding the facts (Ti). 

&gt;I used to think I’m a feeler, but I’m not so sure anymore. I’m not a hugger, but I do hug whenever I feel others need it. Sometimes, I change my behavior to make others around me comfortable, and the whole Fi obsession with authenticity doesn’t really make sense to me. (Fe?)

Fe method of being aware of and satisfying emotional needs of others. Doesn't really fit with Fi

&gt;I’m willing to do anything to make others feel better, and I was once a people-pleaser, but not that kind of people pleaser. As selfish as it sounds, I did stuff for people just so I could hold it over their heads when I wanted something from them. Somewhere along the line, I actual started feeling guilty whenever I said “no,” and became a real people pleaser. (Typing this makes me feel like a horrible person, but it’s the truth!) Is this Fi or Fe?

Thanks for offering the truth here, sounds like Fe emotional manipulation tactics. Think of it as a fundamental part of human nature that can be a powerful tool, where the good/ evil aspect depends on how it's used. It's irrational to try to deny or ignore it. INTPs and INFPs tend to struggle with this since they have low Fe.

&gt;I don’t care what people think of me at all, and I’m pretty vocal about being an atheist at my super-religious school. I have talked out in the open – yelled even – about how evolution doesn’t contradict the second goddamn law of thermodynamics. But a lot of my Fi friends aren’t interested in what I have to say.

You back up your controversial claims with reasons and facts, and value your understanding of the truth. I'd choose Ti over Fi here.



I'm an INFJ as well. In some ways, you and I are very different, and I learned quite a bit from your detailed descriptions. I'm okay with discussing this further with you :)I suspect INTJ. Ni&gt;Te&gt;Fi&gt;Se

In regards to describing yourself as an ambivert, that is fine. On the whole, it is technically impossible to be 100% introverted or extraverted. That being said, the way you describe recharging after social interactions leans towards introversion for me. While it can be stimulating, it is ultimately an expenditure of energy and at the very least a small departure from the comfort zone.

Ixxx 

I know a lot of Ni-doms who can be described as being less open to new experiences, especially with inferior Se. Ni doms are more focused on aligning concepts and linking patterns than finding new information which could muddle everything up. In that respect, I believe you describe introverted intuition Ni better in your post, and you don't seem to hold many strong Se, Si or Ne traits.

INXJ - INFJ VS INTJ

As for T vs F, I arrived at Te-Fi rather than Fe-Ti. This had to do with the way you handle emotions (anger) and emotional stress being more in line with tertiary Fi in INTJs, being not as strong. The motivation for the expression of your beliefs also seems more closely tied to your values and morals, and the logical nature of interaction and debate seems more closely tied to Te rather than Fe.

INTJ Ni&gt;Te&gt;Fi&gt;Se

If there is anything here you wish to discuss, let me know. I hope this helps, and I highly recommend checking out the cognitive functions if you haven't already, since I used them to type you! Good luck
I don't think you are Fi dominant. It doesn't sound like you lead life with Fi, unlike ISFPs and INFPs. INTJs are not entirely incompetent at Fi, however when dealing with others, Te is usually favored. A higher presence of Fi is not usually a sign of the function being overdeveloped, but rather an INTJ being overwhelmed. I suggest you read up on how to get out of Ni-Fi loops in INTJs if you feel like it would help you balance your functions.I think they might be Ni-dom rather than Ni-tertiary. Ni types aren't usually organized in the conventional Si sense, they instead like their concepts and understanding of things to line up. This allows them to remain not so tidy in their physical space, and yet content if their plans are still in order. When things don't go to plan, or when there are too many radical elements, most Ne or Se doms would be better off than Ni doms. In this sense, the poster would be closer to inferior Se INTJ, rather than auxillary Se INTJ.


[Here's one that I made](https://i.redd.it/hbxr52hz2mg01.jpg)Thank you for writing this out, posts like these are so refreshing!Been thinking about a way to visualize the functions forever, will definitely check it out!

Quick question: Was there a reason for choosing a compass? Do you have any thoughts on what different layouts could also effectively show the relationships/ interactions between cognitive functions? 

As a visual thinker, charts like these could better represent the model of MBTI in my head, but nothing like that exists currently. Your use of symbols taps into this sense, and I cannot help but wonder if there would be any use  collecting symbols for the express purpose of explaining aspects of the MBTI system, or specific interactions between functions. There are probably symbols that exist for explaining behaviors, used and forgotten by the modern world.Primarily how their functions influence their teaching preferences. What they embrace and avoid.

Alternatively, what teaching styles do you prefer being taught with?Does anyone here have any resources out there modeling the cognitive functions and how they interact with each other? Like visual representation of how each function works that can serve to explain their nature and what they each do.

I'm especially interested in what Ti vs. Fi would look like, or other comparisons to that effect.[This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZkBJxrfOF0) got me thinking about consciousness, and the relative states we can be perceive it e.g. focused-disconnected, emotional-logical, confused-calm. Using Kevin's model, we can also place the various axes like T/F, S/N and P/J. Left-Right could be Thinking-Feeling, Top-Down could be Judging-Perceiving, Front-Back could be Sensing-Intuition.

My question after watching this video is: Does any of this correlate with type? 

As an INFJ, my consciousness 'bead' usually hovers around the back half whenever alone or in thought. In conversation I am usually bouncing around the front-half, but regularly disconnect and slowly drift back to 'observe'.  In  sports or activities, it's hard for myself to notice that I have an inner consciousness at all if I'm fully engaged.

Note: If there's anything I can read up on about states of consciousness, it would be great :)I'm looking for text posts, links, and graphs about this subject.  I'm also looking for examples of famous figures (fictional or not) who you think have achieved "self actualization".

So, what does a type at their full maturity level look like? And does this particular "ideal" even exist at the type level? Feel free to point out any flaws with this line of questioning, that would really help too!Te-Fi for sure. Strong drive to exert influence over external world. Task and rule-oriented. External orientation for your structure of logic.

ENTJ, INTJ, ISTJ, ESTJ

Ni-Se definitely seems to be a stronger case than Si-Ne. While both tend to organize things, Ni also accounts for future-oriented mindset, and the predisposition to conceptual thought. Tends to see the larger pattern.

ENTJ, INTJ

Could be a simple question of whether you are an introvert or an extravert. In this case, I find it difficult to tell whether you have dominant Te or dominant Ni. Judging from your responses, you also have mentioned struggling with:

- things falling outside a plan (Se)
- being outwardly cold at first (Fi)

My call would be INTJ, Ni-Te-Fi-Se

I suggest finding, and reading up on the INTJ type description if you can. Good luck figuring out your typeThe similarities between an INTJ and ESTJ would be the shared Te-Fi. More thinking than feeling. The differences are found in the Ni-Se vs. Si-Ne. However, both types prioritize organization instead of discovery. So far, they both resemble your description. 

It's definitely possible to be future focused and be an ESTJ. It's definitely possible to look extraverted or value what works before as an INTJ. People can vary within each type, in your case I personally wouldn't rule out either INTJ or ESTJ.

I think you're at least on the right track. At this point, getting mistyped would not be that big of a problem as long as you keep re-evaluating yourself in this way. Based on your descriptions though, you might need to prepare for things that may challenge your ego or worldview. If MBTI can help you figure out how to properly evaluate, incorporate or respond to a challenge, then perhaps it can prove very useful. ENFP

High Fi for sure, processes feelings and values internally. Not Introverted. Probably not sensing type. 

Makes some sense. INFJs generally suffer from anxiety, and their practical skills are limited. They aren't a very pragmatic bunch. However, their intellectual curiosity and sage-like advice was likely beneficial as social complexity increased and tribes/nations begun to form. In my opinion, INFJs are higher-order thinkers, and as such they are likely a relatively recent* personality type, and for *that* reason they are rare.

\* on an evolutionary time scalewhatuhhThe F functions are much better at dealing with the personal and interpersonal factors. I would even say we have the upper hand in most arguments when the topic requires an understanding of the human factors.

Anyway, I probably haven't answered your question. Not sure I completely understand where you're coming fromINTP easily.

Not for me, though. I like what I've got and see a kind of self-respect in thatso like, you need to go talk to real people. this mbti thing has really got to your headEh, can't really talk about them in isolation. Your four most different personalities would be:

IxxJ, IxxP, ExxJ, ExxP

For example, I find ExxPs (ENTP, ENFP, ESTP, ESFP) all have very obviously similar traits so I tend to group them togetherI think everyone is interested in 'above average looking people' no matter who they are.

If anything, you should be focusing on types with Se in their stack and those who don't have Se. Extroverted sensing is attuned to good aesthetics in the real worldIn the sense that they are highly investigative of the details that are missing -- ISTPsYeah this all seems just like my friend (thought he was an ESTP, recently figured he's actually a really pleasant ISTP)No I didn't mean that. I'm saying, types with Se in their stack are probably the ones who are more sensitive about how good someone looks. Yeah so, your theory that N types give less of a fuck than S types is confounded by the fact that some N types have Se in their stack (ENTJ and ENFJ are certainly sensitive to good aesthetics), INTJ and INFJ are almost *too* sensitive.

You're being downvoted because you've generalised incorrectly&gt; INFJ's have inferior Se. They almost completely don't care.

But I'm telling you, you're completely wrong. Even as an INFJ, I really care about good aesthetics to the point where I feel *really uncomfortable* if my environment isn't aesthetically pleasing. 

That's the thing about the inferior (4th) function, you still use it but it is your sensitive spot.
For example, ISFPs 'care' about using logic (inferior Te), and are perhaps very good at understanding logic, but it's your sensitive spot and you can get very frustrated by other people's faulty logic.

The types who are actually oblivious to aesthetics are ones with Se as a **shadow function** (i.e. ENTP has Se as their 8th function or 4th shadow function).
would you mind expanding why yr dad is a "shitty father"?i'd love to be an Se dom. always looked up to athletes and performers who utilized it.

Fe is pretty awesome too. i can get along with just about anyone and it helps me gain perspective.my biases tell me ESTP.so basically P = cuddly, J = true asshole9th grade - i was really anxious and socially awkward, then i got into drugs, then i became an asshole

10th grade - quit drugs, suddenly lost all friends, became depressed and lonely

11th grade - still lonely, switched schools + got bullied. developed tough guy facade (it was laughable, really). i started running track to take up time in the day

12th grade - made a few friends at new school, started to drop tough guy facade

i got shit grades. i was disheartened by this and it took a toll on my self esteem. i struggled w/ generalized anxiety, social phobia, and ADHD. i had a huge passion for writing music. during my masculine facade phase i'd lock myself in my room and dance around to missy elliott but i never let anyone see this side of me. i didn't have a clique or anything, didn't keep friends well. but i learned after i switched schools that i could get along with basically everyone. that was a good thing i learned, social intelligence.INFJ floater club representcaffeine w/ benzos and i can literally do anything. it rids every bit of hesitation and anxiety right out of me while still allowing me to be energetic.

that being said, i can't recommend this because it's highly addictive.i don't advise it. i take really tiny tiny amounts  0.5 - 1 mg... really tiny and they leave you feeling kinda shitty afterwards. i've heard ecstasy is the same wayi think because ISFPs tend to not show interest in MBTI. they're all outside being beautiful or something.INTJ, ENFJ

i'll have you guess which ones whichit's hard to type someone with a personality disorder. trump has a form of narcissistic personality disorderi usually use my fingers to type on my keyboard to make up stories about fights i pretended to get intoi usually use my fingers to type on my keyboard to make up stories about fights i pretended to get intohaving ppl not think i hate them upon first impression.hm i just read that somewhere.

it's an interesting point though, i've heard insomnia are most common with INXJs... i'd wonder if there's a correlation between anything of that nature and MBTI typesINTJs and ISFPsME! ME! ME!

i think ISFPs are really interesting and incredibly sweet. a lot of ppl i look up to and the last person i dated was an ISFP.i got ENTP loli text way too much. i keep a lot of ongoing conversations w/ familiar ppl. i misspell a lot of wordsi think bill is an ESFJ... i envy his public speaking skills and charismahm. bill never struck me as intuitive, but i was too young to remember his presidency. and i completely agree with reaganisn't hillary clinton an ESTJ?&gt; enourages Men to be beta

i actually thought u were funny but i cringed when i read thisi typed INFJ first time and I have on every test i've taken. but regardless i explored possibly being ISFJ, INFP, ENFJ, or INTJactually i am alfalfa male i bang lots of gorls and im so incredibly secure with myself that i go on the internet to brag about it bc thats what real alfalfas like me do 💪💯for me it's just about giving a shit. saying "hi" and "bye". shaking ppls hands. introducing myself.

but i have social anxiety and most of the time just don't care enough to follow regular social standards bc all this stuff just seems like small details.i've actually never even thought about how ESTPs experience Ni but it sounds like absolute torture. makes sense why they'd be attracted to Se and "in the moment" stuff.-i go on tinder to just make friends bc i get lonely otherwise

-i hate arguing but love discussing ideas even if they oppose

-i'm majoring in philosophy

-i work SLOW AS HELL and it takes me a long time to process and understand shit

-i like parties but they give me a damn headache

-i usually like to get to know someone for a really long time than one night stands

-i hate driving and i'm really bad at it
INTJESFPENFP was my first guess ???not quite :)good job !!my biases tell me ISFPISFPs i swear 2 godi guess i don't watch much TV or movies but i don't think i've ever found a fictional character i can really relate to (look at me and my special snowflake INFJ complex). but the closest ones i can think of are Yoshi and Maggie Simpson bc neither of them talk and i'm the youngest child of my family

if i had to pick a third i think maybe Jim Carrey's character in Eternal Sunshine but i always thought he was lame and basic and closed-minded

EDIT: replace one of those w/ the main character from "The Sandlot" bc that was like me as a kid trying to fit in w/ my sporty friends loli used to steal energy drinks when i was an edgy teen and wanted to look cool to my friends. 

but i mean stealing is justified bc america was built on stolen land /sall day every day too sensitive to live ;)

in all seriousness ive developed a sort of numbness and have a general aloofness that keeps me pretty ok during the day. at night it kinda all pours out and i rampantly feel the need to tell everyone i know that i love themit has to be the most inconsistent. it really strikes that paradox between the side NTs like about us and all the feely type stuff. i think a lot of people have very interesting stories to tell and interesting perspectives (also, remember that time a post ended up on /r/bestof ?? that was out of nowhere). but the big issue is its ridden with lots of "i feel unordinary and the real world is hard" posts (not that people have no right to post that) that it kinda makes for a less consistently interesting place, at least in the mind of an NTi agree with you thats a tendency of the INFJ sub or whatever but i cant imagine anyone with tertiary Ti actually believing that.i visit the ISTP sub every few months or so and always wonder why i dont visit it morewow i hate explosions in the sky and guster and bright eyes.

i guess type has something to do with the music that appeals to you but i really don't go on INFJMusic or anything like that. i've seen INFPs have cool discussions about music on their sub thoughi don't know if you'd call him a "journalist" but i'm pretty sure Howard Stern is tooi'm a whore for these shitty generalized posts omgi'm an INFJ and no i don't have any Ni-insights about it and how it will pan out. i've followed the election extremely closely. i'm not surprised about anything. it seems inevitable that the political landscape and climate are changing. people want "new" they don't want "old". ironically, a vote for trump is a vote for Gingrich, Giuliani, and maybe even fucking Palin. THAT, along with a republican majority (basically) everything, terrifies me. as for trump himself, he'll get bored pretty quick. i'll be surprised to see how he feels about the job itself. i believe fully that he has a personality disorder, and is mentally unfit for the job. he won't make much progress in those promises to bring back factory jobs or what not. they're gone. big time gone. the economy likely won't recover and his base won't realize how bad of a president he was until years to come. and also tax cuts for the rich, and pulling out of any treaties involving global warming.richard mods a lot of his equipment which kinda gives me an ISTP vibei dont get much done and i can have an inflated sense of self worth at times. i can be really terribly annoying while seeking comfort and overly idealistic. also i tend to write these things on facebook that everyone praises as "wow so rational and open minded!" when really its just a "here and now" assessment of current events and fails to take a hard stance on the issues. i also have a tendency of not paying enough attention to details and i have terrible ADHD. to top it all off im a pretty bad student and a total black-and-white thinker when it comes to gradeshey i think ur great tooi have no idea who you are actually but im sure ur greati find it interesting that Eric Andre (ESTP) distracted the conversation when the ugly question came up, in order to stick up for his friend. seems like a good example of tertiary Fei find it interesting that Eric Andre (ESTP) distracted the conversation when the ugly question came up, in order to stick up for his friend. seems like a good example of tertiary Fei have issues with anxiety and tertiary Ti can really help with that. its the main thing that bugs me so i try to take a more rational approach to the problem to try to minimize it or put it in perspective. other times i keep it busy with something like mental math or sudoku or pattern recognition testsbecome obsessed with MBTI for 3 years and seek all knowledge relating to it and type every person you ever meetTMBG is basically pure yet polished Nei notice so many similarities between me and my ISFP friends! i love them so much they are honestly the most beautiful people!ESTP: White sneakers

ESTJ: Getting written up at work

ESFP: A really prolonged "YOOOOO" after talking about something science-related

ESFJ: Instagram

ENTP: r/atheism

ENTJ: Promotional material

ENFP: Sweatpants

ENFJ: Selfies taken at a soup kitchen

ISTP: Experimental Noise Rock

ISTJ: Unicorns

ISFP: Knows a lot about flowers

ISFJ: Disney

INTP: Doesn't wear makeup or has a beard

INTJ: Probably really into anime or something

INFP: Zodiac and Harry Potter

INFJ: Takes lots of selfies but tries to portray some sort of "deeper meaning"i'm actually pretty fastmy friend whom i typed as ISFP once told me she picked a discarded cigarette butt off the ground and tried to smoke it when she was 7 or sofred durst is actually who i think of when i think ESTPESFP for sure. i have a friend that acts just like himhuh i thought he was an INTPENFP for sure. mike is an ENFJ. mike said in an interview that he requires significantly more time to make decisions than chester did.ESTP i was gnna sayyeah all the time lolgreat analysis but mike has to be ENFJ. linkin park is such an Ni bandnot v clingy INFJ

ask me howi work a retail job with a few STJs. we often close together. i prefer to work with this ESTJ because with her so much more gets done in less time and she can be very enthusiastic and personable. sameESFP***yeahi dropped out of college too lolINTPs aint that fucking charismatic bud
The words "too sensitive" make me feel rage, especially when directed at other people...How was that, being raised by two ESTJs?&gt; Ti/Fe wants to feel correctly and think independently.

What does "feel correctly" mean?&gt; Which excites you more: things that work, OR things that make sense?

This is Fe vs. Fi? How?ESTJ = convertible? Aren't they notorious for inflexibility?I like this explanation a lot...All of the ENxPs I know are HSP. High sensitivity is about more than just feelings. It's the entire nervous system that's highly responsive, not just the emotional part.&gt; *...people who claim to be "Highly Sensitive" do so in order to put attention to a quality they've assigned to themselves in order to receive it.*

To be fair, "highly sensitive" is probably the least likely of all labels to be self-claimed. 

These are people who've been told their entire lives that they're "too sensitive." Identifying as an HSP is simply responding to that criticism with "You're right, I am. That's just how I'm wired." 

It's not about *gaining* attention, it's about *deflecting* it.I love passive togetherness!HSP = Sensory Processing Sensitivity (or "Highly Responsive Nervous System")

It is ***not*** the same as Sensory Processing Disorder. 

The key difference is that SPD is a neurological condition that doesn't process stimuli properly (malfunction), whereas SPS is a trait in which the nervous system collects *too much* stimuli and gets overloaded easily (abundance).Re-posting another comment I already made on here:

"Highly sensitive" is probably the least likely of all labels to be self-claimed. These are people who've been told their entire lives that they're "too sensitive." Identifying as an HSP is simply responding to that criticism with "You're right, I am. That's just how I'm wired." It's not about *gaining* attention, it's about *deflecting* it.

I think Ni is basically a screwed up nervous system. 

While others take in external stimuli through the 5 senses, people with Ni absorb stimuli that's imperceptible to the senses, which means most of it sneaks in subconsciously. That's why we know things without knowing why we know them.

When Ni is your dominant function, you have no judging function to act as a filter, so *everything* comes pouring in and you end up with that "cloud of intuition" that can be helpful at times, but is mostly just a nuisance.

That's why I'd assume a high correlation between HSP and INTJ.Yeah and this part of the description certainly doesn't help:

&gt;"Introverted intuition is a forward **thinking function** that seeks to identify the optimal or most likely outcome of future events."Exactly, *you* have already chosen a label for them. They're simply choosing to reframe it in a more objective light. The Wedding Crashers *starred* (not *stared*)**note spoilers - if you haven't taken the quiz don't read below**

And you intentionally have two identically worded questions there, right?and Documentaries"When women in large numbers became designers, wages fell 34 percentage points"

Source: [The New York Times](http://nytimes.com/2016/03/20/upshot/as-women-take-over-a-male-dominated-field-the-pay-drops.html)Do Sensors really take in *more*? Or are they just better at processing it in the moment?&gt;*Being sensitive to raw senses is a Sensor trait not intuitive though.*

I don't understand what you mean here.&gt; Ni-doms can be immensely absorbed in thought

Ni is a perceiving function, not a thinking/judging function.&gt;*I tend to internalize emotional response to avoid immediate bias, packing it away for when I decompress and have time to analyze the meaning and root of the then compounded emotions.*

An ENFP friend recently said to me: "You don't show any emotion in situations where most people would. Sometimes I wonder if you're autistic." 

I tried explaining to him that I am very much a "feeler" and susceptible to strong emotional experiences, but my hyper-rational approach to interpreting and understanding emotions makes my reactions seem robotic. 

Either I'm not responding because my emotions haven't been processed and I don't know what I'm feeling, therefore don't yet know how to react, or I've already processed and analyzed my emotions so thoroughly that my externalization of them comes out like a System Error Log.

Next time I'll just plagiarize your explanation!&gt; *I'm hypersensitive to caffeine, hormones and other nervous system stimulants. I stray from coffee, tea and soda. I've also had to change to a hormone-free birth control option because I could feel such a difference in my body/mood. Even with food, I can feel (there really is no real other way to describe it other than a feeling) what is doing me good and what is not.*

What about cigarette smoke?Sorry I'm confused. "Ni-doms" sounds like a Jungian reference. Also, that sentence would still work if you changed *Ni* to *Ti*.

&gt; ~~Ni-doms~~ **Ti-doms** can be immensely absorbed in thought but physical stimuli is also processed and received by their cognition which takes them out of their mulling, and it is jarring to them. 

That sounds very INTP-ish, and Ni is not one of their preferred functions.Full excerpt from the NYT article I referenced above:

&gt; "...when women in large numbers became designers (wages fell 34 percentage points), housekeepers (wages fell 21 percentage points) and biologists (wages fell 18 percentage points). **The reverse was true when a job attracted more men.** Computer programming, for instance, used to be a relatively menial role done by women. But **when male programmers began to outnumber female ones, the job began [paying more and gained prestige](https://researchgate.net/publication/37710729_Making_Technology_Masculine_Men_Women_and_Modern_Machines_in_America_1870-1945).**"Why would you wish that?Same. I also enjoy working with ENTJs, and the ESTPs I know are very entertaining.&gt; ESTJs love to be loved. They don't seem to like giving love. INFJs are opposite in that respect. Maybe thats just the true magnet.

Interesting.There's no demand for designers or biologists?So the "right thing" is people and the"correct thing" is "things/systems"?I think all of it gets screwed up when your dominant function is Ni, though. No, I'm pretty sure I have aphasia. My colleague says "Spatial is how they say Special in Kentucky" :)Seems ENTPish to me. enfpon second thought, maybe enfpenfpIdk, maybe bc you sound like a defense attorney (shades of gray, "it could be argued that...", references to a more ideal "just" legal system rather than accepting the status quo) and your buddy seems more like a prosecutor (black &amp; white, "the law is the law")? He seems more like an STJ.

You ask a lot of questions. 

At points you seem to be arguing with yourself. 

One of my good friends is an ENTP attorney, and I couldn't read this without hearing it spoken in his voice. 

I realize this isn't a very strong argument I'm making here. Just sharing what jumped out at me, and the impression I formed from it.Current type: INFJ

Extrovert: ENTJ

Introvert: INTPWanna trade?Emotional overload?

EDIT: Why is this getting downvoted? I'm not being defensive, I'm genuinely  trying to understand what this term means from an ENTJ's perspective (note: ENTJ is the type I'd most like to be). You're all about that NT!Although I am an NF, I do *not* consider myself to be a "feeler." Honestly, [this is my perspective on "feelings."](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/4vhxom/i_think_my_extroverted_feeling_is_broken/d5zbzy0) Perhaps it's something you as an NT can identify with?
Ni sucks, it's like a foggier version of Ti that the world mistakenly interprets as Fi. Ne is cool though. And my ISTP father is awesome.I love ISTPs cause they do stuff like this:

https://www.reddit.com/r/DIY/comments/4z9umi/my_sisters_boyfriend_hit_our_fence_so_i_made_a/Why did this get downvoted?What is a "feeling"?He sounds like a condescending robot. It's distracting me.  What is/was it like?!&gt; building my own systems of knowledge, and questioning everything, seeing the world through the lens of systems and logic, creating technology, being excited over novel developments, and solving problems is core to what I am. I'm known for it, and constantly do it, and I can't even escape it in my sleep. I know far more quickly how I understand and what I think about something than how I feel about it. I don't know what I'd be or what I'd do if I wasn't naturally driven to do that.

But you have just described me.

----------------

EDIT: We did a Team Management Profile assessment at work a few years ago (via Margerison-McCann). Unlike Meyers-Briggs, TMP is strictly focused on working preferences (objective, based on core personality traits) and major roles (subjective, based on strengths and preferences within the context of your team). The team is a jigsaw puzzle, each team member is a puzzle piece, and the TMP shows how you all click together. It was the first personality assessment I'd ever answered honestly, and the results were creepy accurate (*note: this was pre-MBTI discovery*). Your comment was like reading that old TMP assessment, [which I just dug up](http://imgur.com/a/nzNp4). 

I'd love to hear your perspective on where/how you diverge from that profile. We may be more similar than you think.Broth patterns make the best soup.It was when I left that comment.ENTJClever and Oblivious. Sounds about right. 

Edit: ITT "Confident-Intolerant" fits ESTJ but not ENTJ. From my experience with ENTJs, they are incredibly insightful and very open to entertaining new perspectives. Probably bc of their aux-Ni. In a world where few people are willing to tolerate my Ni-dom randomness, ENTJ is one of the few I can actually relate to. Really like this. Her arguments address so much of the cognitive dissonance I feel between the popular definition of Fe vs. my own personal experiences with relating to the external world as an NF. 

Didn't understand her "objective vs. subjective" argument, though. That part was super vague.

What are your thoughts on it?

--------

PS: Tried responding the other day but wifi wouldn't cooperate. Sorry if my "robot" comment seemed dismissive. Tried watching your video like 5 times but couldn't comprehend it. I have trouble processing "non-human" voices -- which to me include everything from Siri to TED Talks (they all sound exactly the same!)... If there's no emotional affect, my brain flags the voice/noise as irrelevant and tunes it out. I have to download the transcripts TED Talks and MOOC lectures and watch TV with the captions on if I actually want to absorb anything. So thank you /u/chwoey for sharing [the original article](http://www.celebritytypes.com/blog/2015/10/commentary-on-myers-definition-of-fe)!

Idealistic would mean you set lofty goals, right? Maybe "Ambitious" would be a better word for it?Why "help"? TBH I don't know much about those types aside from INFJ, INTP and ENTP. I agree. But tbh I'm more annoyed to see "Sensitive" in the Weakness column. Why is sensitivity a weakness? If sensitivity is one's weakness, I'd say their strength must be... Strength. You have to be very strong to survive as a sensitive person in this world. I don't understand this line:

&gt;[Fe]  works in a similar fashion to Te, except it asks “Is this acceptable?” instead of “Does it work?”. It manifests itself in social graces, politeness and sensitivity towards others’ feelings.

I'm Ni-Fe, and for me it's still almost always "Does it work?" while still manifesting itself in social graces, politeness and sensitivity towards others’ feelings.

For example, here are a couple of solutions I've recently conjured up for people struggling in certain interpersonal scenarios:

* [Turn your family party into a social experiment](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/4vcnu6/why_dont_you_talk_more/d5y3c6q)

* [Choice architecture for circumventing rage](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/4yyicu/anyone_have_any_tips_on_dealing_with_infj_rage/d6ri3zw)

"Acceptable" is not interesting enough for my complexity-loving Ni. "Does it work?" is what drives me. 

Well you're definitely an NTJ (your Ni is showing). 

Edit: Just to clarify, I meant this as a compliment. You're asking lots of questions to try and understand the meaning behind the test question. You've conjured up a multitude of angles from which to interpret the question prior to making a judgment. As someone with dominant Ni, your post felt like "home" to me. Then your need for evidence seems like T, which would mean xNTJ, since the only dom-aux combos are Ni-Te (INTJ) and Te-Ni (ENTJ). My guess is INTJ.&gt;*Does this mean that there are personality types that are less favorable or more favorable depending on the time period, and thus with the goal of creating a utopian society there is a "MBTI Master-race/s"*


What exactly are you up to...?This is so well-said. Not for me! Ni is like a tangled web of observations and ideas and half-baked theories. Fe is how I filter it for relevance. Yes. [Here's how someone explained it](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/4j40jo/why_are_infjs_so_bad_at_explaining_things/d33ib07) on /INFJ a few months back:

--------

&gt; In my mind, I am trying to put whatever concept is in the air into words as succinctly as possible. Some phrase or point of understanding that conveys that I fully understand what's going on. That doesn't communicate so well when you need to explain something in depth or in detail, or when you don't get it or your conversational partner doesn't get it. Then it's dissection and explanation of the topic's constituent elements and all the threads linking them together, of course inundated with language that you throw in to try to capture the feeling of the message. **Finding a way to put it all together for the other person to understand, well, it's like giving someone a fishing net while you still have half the threads**.

&gt; It's either gibberish (and you probably know when it is, which is why it's difficult to explain or you don't feel good about explaining it) or brilliant, and even the latter comes off as Greek sometimes.

&gt; Without being typological about it, we as humans also tend to think we understand things better in our heads than we actually do and so, when asked to put that knowledge to the test and voice it, our confidence vanishes and we're left with a void of knowledge that the now-missing self-assurance was taking up.

-------

*(Emphasis is my own)*&gt; in short, Ni would reduce things to a oneness or to a singular constellation (the closely-held and personal *one* of the individual Ni), where Ne would expand into multiplicities of idea-relations (freely and without attachment to any particular one).  saying x is just like y could be indicative of either, without context

I like this. ### Si.

-------------

&gt; What people popularly perceive as intuition --- the ability to make connections and analyze --- is different than what is meant in the MBTI typology. Both intuitive types and sensing types can be highly analytical and in this sense "intuitive"; the difference is that introverted intuitive types will be analytical about abstract ideas, whereas introverted sensing types will be analytical about concrete details and past experiences. Your statements indicate a preference for introverted sensing because the subject of your analysis is concrete sensory details.

[Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/1y8joi/what_could_help_distinguish_whether_im_an_isfj_or/cfin1by)

-------------


&gt; The big difference between Ni and Si is the way they recall and use information. Si is a file cabinet of sensory experiences. 

&gt; Since Si is still sensing, it is more concerned with the concrete details and sensory aspects involved with an experience. It is not an abstract thinking function like Ni is. I think this is the easiest way to tell. The distinction between sensors and intuitives is BIG.

&gt; Introverted intuition is much more theoretical. It's a passive function that constantly gathers and takes in information. But rather than the concrete sensory data, it takes in the meaning or implications of events, or the over arching feeling of a situation. It gets built into the cloud/web that is Ni which passively relates it to other things. That's where Ni creativity comes from.

&gt; Other properties of Ni include its laser focus. Ni takes many possibilities and narrows them down to a singularity (with the help of the judging functions. Again, Ni is only a perceiving function). Si doesn't really do anything like that as far as I know.

&gt; Si, similarly to Ni, does do some comparison to other things that it has experienced in the past, but Si is WAY more grounded than Ni is. This is because "sensing" is concerned with concrete details while intuition is more concerned with ideas. So when Si files something away, it only has that and other "related" things to compare it to in its filing system. Whereas Ni "remembers" everything, but not as well (it remembers ideas and the meanings of things) and then makes disparate connections to relate two things.

[Source](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/4eeiec/infj_and_isfj_si_or_ni/d1zwfdh)You know you have flair, right? :)

Also...

&gt; Abstract, not readily concretely apparent

All of OP's examples were concretely apparent. 

* "Like visually, even with fucking details, hair colour, eye colour, face features, like everything." 
* "just by looking at his face, movements, I (don't know how to put it) feel(?) what kind of person he is." 
* "by looking at the avatars, nicknames, style of writing, I was able to guess accurately maybe %80-%75."&gt; libido
Don't take it personally, Flux_n_Uck is the resident class clown of MBTI Reddit...I was basing my response on the information provided in your post, which, without additional context, indicates a dominant perceiving function, which is why everyone suggested either Si or Ni. After reading your comment history, my money is on INFP. Pretty much everything in your original post here could be explained by a strong Fi-Ne dynamic, and then these are the things that jumped out at me from your comment history: 

&amp;nbsp;

------

&gt; There are concepts, abstract things. Like "love", "instincts". So, I have questions like "Why do we love women?", "Why do women like men?", "Why do humans find opposite gender (or something else) sexy?", "Why do we have instincts?, "How do they work?", "How does love work?".

&amp;nbsp;

**100% Fi.**

&amp;nbsp;

-----------

&gt; So I think about these questions and then come up with a thought/theory that explains these things. I share this thought on internet or with best friends, wanting to know what other people think about my thought. So, what does this behaviour sounds like to you? Does this belong to introverted thinking?

&amp;nbsp;

**Fi-Te.**

&amp;nbsp;

-----------

&gt; I seek neither harmony nor success from others. I want discussion.
&gt; I'll try to explain it by examples (ignore the logical fallacies, it's just an example);

&gt; * +I think the main reason for x to be y is z, because z does a and therefore it causes x to be y.
&gt; * -I don't think x is y, because I think that z doesn't do a and therefore doesn't cause x to be y. X is actually b.

&gt; OR

&gt; * +This is how we should live our lives, this is how the world should be, this is what must be pursued in life.
&gt; * -No, if the world becomes like in your imaginary scenario then what are you going to about X?

&amp;nbsp;

**Reasoning + Strong values matrix: Fi-dom.**

&amp;nbsp;

-----------

&gt; This is what I seek from others. This way, I improve my ideas, get new ideas, argue about them etc. I share my ideas on forums or just with 2 best friends, to see if people agree me or not on what points they agree or disagree, if they think it's logical or not. I want to hear their thoughts, because people tend to point out the irrationality in someone's idea, they write what they agree or disagree, so I get a better chance to imrpove my idea. So, I think I explained it very clearly.
In what cognitive function/type does this behavior belong to?

&amp;nbsp;

**Fi-Te.**

&amp;nbsp;That's because the only person who can accurately type you is *you*!I share your frustration. What is your enneagram?So why are you saying the opposite in all of your other comments on this thread?The stacked and orderly pile may be Si, but it's definitely not Ni (or at least not how I experience it). For me, Ni is like this thing that *wants* to organize the world into this tidy system, but there's constantly new data coming in like a gust of wind that blows the pile over into that chaotic mess. That's why Ni-doms spend so much time in their heads, trying to clean up the mess. I like this. Fe does not rant to others about their emotions. Fe forgets it has emotions at all. Why not ENTJ?No ESTJ?&gt; *I think what you're describing is a case of unhealthy Fe - caring about others' feelings so much to the point of disregarding one's own feelings.*

This makes sense for an Ni-dom who views everything in terms of [human] systems. Realizing that you are just a small piece of a much larger whole (Ni), and having your top judging function be based on what's best for group (Fe), it's natural to disregard your own needs for the sake of group harmony. 

-----------

&gt; *My INFJ sister does this frequently because either her Fe is not sufficiently developed or because she's in an Ni-Ti loop.*

Or because she's an introvert. She will never be as outwardly expressive as your extroverted mother. It will manifest more in mediation that outward expression. 

-----------

&gt; *a healthy Fe user will acknowledge their own feelings and project them to others in an effort to receive either support or advice.*

A healthy *human* will acknowledge that they must secure their own safety mask before assisting others. Yes. This is something that can be difficult for INFJs to accept. Even when they do acknowledge it, though, it doesn't  change how uncomfortable/guilty they might feel about bothering others with their problems. Many turn to private journaling or go to a therapist and don't actually share their feelings with friends or family. 

-------------

&gt; *An Fi user would need no such advice (at least not the type of advice the Fe user is seeking) because they judge their own and others' actions internally, and come to conclusion based off of those personal moralities.*

ENFPs are *constantly* seeking advice. Or at least, they're constantly coming to me with their problems and asking me to solve them. Again, extroverted Fi (ENFP) is going to be very different from introverted Fi (INFP). Pretty similar!

* Me: INFJ
* Dad: ISTP
* Mom: ENFP
* Sister: ESTJ
* Brother 1: idk
* Brother 2: idk

My sister can't stand me or my mother. 

How does your sister get along with your parents?Yeah... wow. 

How do your mom and sister get along?So much T!!!&gt; I basically am the only user of Fi and Te in my family

What does that look like?Do your siblings "get" &amp;/or get along with each other?&gt; My parents have Fe though. Fe isn't known to get along with Fi.

What is difficult about being Fi with two Fe parents? I'm genuinely curious, as I'm INFJ (aux-Fe) with an ENFP mom (aux-Fi) and ISTP dad (inferior Fe) so I can't even imagine what that would be like. Do your ESTJ and ESFJ brothers get along?What does Ni usage look like?Well I think a big part of it is that every time someone comes here saying "sometime I get hunches" or "I can tell just by looking at someone whether they're good or bad" or "one time I had a feeling it was gonna rain and then an hour later the sky opened up, it's like I just know things" and everyone on the sub is like "Oh that's definitely Ni! You're probably INFx!"  Primitive instincts are *universal human traits*, and have little to do with the MBTI/Jungian definitions of "intuition."So is it your belief that...

1. expressions of curiosity (asking questions in search of clarity and meaning)
2. multi-angle perspectives, and 
3. a willingness to entertain new ideas

...are all indicative of anti-Ni behavior? None. I meeeaaan do you think it has anything to do with your assumption that a third to half of the population is blank on the outside and hate life on the inside...? And that maybe you're projecting that assumption onto them and they can sense it?All of my ESTJ relatives. My answer is based on real life experience, not a hypothetical. I worked with a fellow INFJ at my last job and we made an excellent team. The first couple of years it was like we were twins who'd been separated at birth and reconnected as adults. We were always like "Wait, you do that too? I thought I was the only one!" and other colleagues would always point out our eerie similarities, but none of us could pinpoint how it was possible for two people to share so many of the same random idiosyncrasies and ways of approaching things. Two years in, I stumbled upon the letters INFJ and immediately realized there was a name and umbrella for all of these similarities. Shortly after, there was a re-org and he and I were placed on a new team to do very INFJ things (long-term, big picture consumer strategy envisioning) and it was amazing. No issues or complaints. That's why my response to OP's question was "None." 

Did you have a bad experience with an INFJ colleague? ESTJ or ISTP&gt; I see them almost every day in packs.

How could you *possibly* know that they're all ESTPs?Why are INFJs strategic and INTJs tactical? They're both Ni-dom.Agreed. It's a high-altitude view. &gt; The trick for me is not to require analytical reasoning to allow Ni inflow to do its thing and to trust Ni information. 

It's one thing for *you* to not require analytical reasoning, and for *you* to trust Ni information, but how do you communicate any of it to other humans? 

The dating advice posts are annoying afYeah. I don't know. Been struggling with this a lot lately, personally and professionally.

PS: I found your closing sentence to be oddly comforting. :)ESTJ. 100%. Ni is more like a drill. Or a loom. I was joking. :)

My money is on ISFJ. Why do you think therapists can't be sensors, or sensors can't be therapists? It's because of this:

She's not a fan of change. This doesn't mean she resists or avoids change at all costs though. She's still willing to try new things and experiences but she doesn't seek change. She also can become nostalgic about the past if things in the present strongly differ from the past. 

That's Si. Definitely ENFP. 
&gt; She's female, a fitness model (competitor?), a nurse and describes herself as "positive and outgoing". 

...

&gt; She has never really put an emphasis on academics and learning until recently (she's graduating with her Bachelor's soon) and states that her passion is really only fitness.


...

How is your friend a nurse when she doesn't even have a Bachelor's degree yet?
What about OP's description seems INxJ to you?Why not INTP?Do you think that being "sensitive" is exclusive to INFJs?Define "overly sensitive".

[This is something I've been trying to understand for a while.](https://www.reddit.com/r/infj/comments/4z9zw0/i_do_not_think_most_of_you_are_infjs/d6v0pib)
&gt;Due to Fe being influenced heavily and immediately by two very internalized functions, INFJs also tend to keep their feelings to themselves despite the natural preference for Fe to get it out into the world. Ni and Ti just rationalize it away or turn Fe against itself so as to not disturb others.


&gt;*I do something that is misinterpreted, I try to genuinely explain moral intent, get told moral intent is completely invalid and beside the point. Then I'm required to submit, apologize, and not present a single differing opinion about the situation, because "that's what you're supposed to do," and "feelings." There is zero room for any opposition to this. There is no agree-to-disagree. If I dare to argue against the rule book, I'm out on the street.*

--------

Can I be super selfish and ask you to unpack this? I feel like there's a meaningful insight in there, but I'm struggling to understand it from either of your perspectives. Like, what does she think "what you're supposed to do" is? What would your ideal conflict resolution (following a misunderstanding) look like? How would you like her to respond to your clarification of your moral intent? Is she perceiving your explanation (of moral intent) as an invalidation of her feelings, or excuse-making, or...? Would she prefer you don't share your misunderstood moral intent at all?I think ENTJ too. What does it mean to "put Ni first"?ESTJ. This is great. My ENFP mother is a master at reading people. 

How do you know for sure this person is a sociopath?Is this the same person whose murder you planned?

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4j68lv/is_it_even_possible_to_befriend_or_manipulate_an/The most common definition of intuition I see on these forums is "I once saw a stranger walking down the street and just instantly knew he was a bad person. Idk why, I just *knew*. That must mean I'm an INxJ, right?"Wouldn't two years spent in solitude *reinforce* the Ni-Ti loop?What are "Follower Men" and "Follower Women"...?Questioner. So... you're INFJ now? ;)Your friends think you're carefree and confident because of the results of a personality test, or because you act carefree and confident IRL?I thought you were INFJ?Woah...P and J aren't traits...How was his campaign a war on Fi values? Aren't Fi values subjective and varied amongst different people?Damn. &gt; *INxJs are very visuo-spatial, so they pause and get a "faraway" look whenever they're thinking, before describing what they visualized. They talk as if they know where they're headed, because they saw the whole thing in their head.*

&gt; *In contrast, Si, Ti and Fi also get various zoned-out looks but they continue talking through it.*

When I was a kid my parents and teachers thought I was having mini-seizures when I did this. They had me tested for autism, epilepsy and a whole host of neurological disorders and learning disabilities, but could never find anything physiologically wrong. Since I was excelling academically, they eventually let it go, but I never "grew out of" or "fixed" it. 

As an adult, my "zoned out, faraway pause" is often interpreted as shadiness (like they think I'm pausing to conjure an elaborate lie), stupidity or craziness, and as someone who hates feeling misunderstood, it generates a lot of frustration and anxiety. Discovering that my overwhelming inclination to pause and process internally before responding is not a brain defect, but rather Ni-Fe at work, has been life-changing. That meta-understanding of my cognitive processing type/style/preference has given me the confidence and ability to explain it to people in relatable ways (e.g. I'll say "Just launched that mental browser tab, waiting for it to load") so that the other person immediately gets it without offense or judgment. 

This type of body language-based typing you've touched upon could be valuable in a classroom setting, a la [Jane Kise's "Neuroscience, Jungian Type and Mathematics" TEDx talk](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YH9Zn7Glf3E). The first time I saw that video, the part about how Introverted-Intuitives solve math problems (by zoning out and staring out the window for a minute before suddenly snapping out of it and writing down the correct answer) I actually cried with relief, thinking about how those kids might not have to wait 30 years to discover they're not disabled or disordered, they're just Ni-dom. 

Sorry for the tangent. :)Love this. I like this a lot. &gt; *Sorry, I'm ranting. I also can't think today or come up with the correct words I want to use.*

That's me every day. 

And I agree/identify with your comment. 
I started probably buying and wearing it in 6th grade, mostly just eyeliner then and slowly worked my way up. 

Now, I wear it maybe once or twice a week.

A full face will take 30 minutes, tops.

I like doing my brows the most.

I don't think i have a least favorite part. It's all fun.

Right now my favorite lip color is Texas Toast by Tarte, so pretty!

I just got the Neutral palette from make-up forever and the quality/blending is SO nice I almost died, ugh

I almost never contour, maybe my nose a little bit if I decide to just go all out for some reason, but it's rare.

WINGS!Seconded tattoo liner, I don't see how I ever lived without it!
I took my first informal mbti (humanmetrics) at age sixteen and still remember my results: INFP first, ENTJ second, and INFJ third.  Imagine my terrible confusion.

I mean, the second I read INFP, I wanted to be one.  Dreamy, imaginative, creative, and unique? hell yeah!!! But I wasn't sure if it was really me because I hesitated on some of the answers, so I tweaked, and got entj. Then when I read entj, I was like... yo! great thinkers, calm leaders, rational powerhouses and first to help out the underdog? sign me the fuck up!!!

Popping between the two tabs of answers, I mulled it over. I realized that, unlike INFPs, I don't really know my core values sometimes.  My values sway like the wind, and bend according to each situation so that everyone can compromise (rather than the very insistent description of an INFP following the sound of their own soul, etc)

 And I couldn't be an entj. My ability to organize others is learned, not intrinsic, and it stresses me out more than anything!  Also I am a squish and hate conflict. That I knew for sure. So i took the test again, calmer this time, and have been getting INFJ ever since, almost unfailingly. Errrr. Sometimes I still get the odd ENTJ, but I think it's because when I'm a bit stressed out, my Te kicks in with a vengeance.

It was through understanding functions that I'm now certain I'm an infj, because I've read somewhere that dom functions are permanently on - you can't really control them, and boy, my Ni is like an alarm clock that never shuts up XD I think the reason why I liked the thought of being INFP or ENTJ is because I'm impressed by Fi and Te dominants.  Not that I don't love the other functions, but I sometimes wistfully wish I could train my Fi and Te more.  Quite a fun roller-coaster, that one.holy shit this is so accurate it hurtsas an infj, I am blissfully unknowing of any negative stereotypes about my type - but if I found any, it'd probably make me hyper aware not to behave in that way so as not to prove a negative. 

Not that I've only read good things about INFJs, but only that I tend not to look for *any* stereotypical read of my type specifically because I know awareness skews my behaviour. So I got to live a stress free life of integrity via ignorance, lol.i've lived with bad ENFPs on Fi overdrive.  It's now made me extremely wary of key words like "that's just how I feel" and "I'm not wrong, I'm just expressing what I think" when there was no accusation of wrongness in the first place.  And the worst of my roster of ENFP relations likes to boss people around like nobody's business because she claims "no one is as far-sighted as I am" and that "everything I do, I do for a moral reason."

If I met some healthy ENFPs, I'd probably respect the hell out of them just based on the several unhealthy ones I'd met.  Like, *thank god you exist* or something!Hmm, I subscribe to the idea that the aux function is one mostly within our control - as in, when it's healthily developed, you can choose to turn it off without pesky negative tertiary function stuff coming into play.

I've had bad confrontations with an internet friend frequently over the past three years, almost from the second week of us meeting.  Long story short, yesterday night was one of many fights, draining hours away on skype and ending up with me literally not sleeping.  Lying awake for ten straight hours until the sun came up.  I've always just *known* that the fights aren't... I don't like to say it at the risk of sounding petty, but they're not *my fault*.  In the sense that, I don't purposefully provoke them, I don't desire them, I don't *ever* instigate them.  And also that  objectively, my friend is pretty messed up, and I often feel she projects her insecurities on my words and blows up at her own perception *even when* I'm saying something kind.

(For example, once she blew up because I told her, "I think you're a strong person."  Because her assumption was, because I was saying she's a strong person, I automatically am somehow telling her *you're not allowed to feel weak*.  My only reaction after she told me off on how I'm not allowed to police her feelings was a stunned *what?*)

Ni, which I metaphorically call my most honest inner voice that kind of "keeps tabs" on my own well being, tells me, "No, this isn't your doing.  You don't want this, you've done everything in your power to prevent this, you're not willing to participate in this, you're hurting from this."  This = the fight, the confrontation, the whirlwind of emotions.  Ni makes me completely aware of my resistance, knowing the patterns of my life, my actions, my manner of speaking.

But Fe, which I literally call empathy, makes me absorb her blowup and it drives me *nuts*. I keep trying to think from each angle how to allay the distress I absorb from her and it makes me betray Ni.  "It's not your doing" slowly decays into "Yeah but all parties contribute to the relationship, so it *must* be partially your doing, so *do something about it!!*".  

So I've had to learn how to turn Fe off in order to keep myself from tunneling deeper into that kind of self-destructive thinking.  And it worked.  Weirdly enough, it's not like going numb, but it's really like this... fresh breath of, "It's not me."  Without any doubt *or* any resentment that I have to turn empathy off.  I can talk her down from her explosion without it staining my own mood.

I don't like how sometimes, Fi is stereotyped as selfish and Fe as utopian.  I've grown wary of my Fe as I grow older, seeing patterns in my life where I let other peoples' emotions dominate my identity.  I'm not really sure if Fi is a counter *against* that, per se, but I imagine someone with strong and healthy Fi can say a strong "Hell no!" when they feel negative exterior emotions, rather than sponging it up like Fe.  But of course, I won't run from Fe, because that's not what healthy cognitive development is about XDI appreciate that distinction, and agree.  Fi seems like it hates being questioned on integrity or worth, whereas Fe hates feeling like it's not acting on an obvious responsibility.  A healthy Fe recognizes manipulation without backing away from the innate desire to help, and a healthy Fi makes a person extremely driven and compassionate without feeling like identity is being threatened.I disagree with this, Fe is not the emotional and hysterical one. Fi is likelier to become like this out of self-defense, whereas Fe may become aggressive/bully-like or completely cold. I second this nervousness. I worry that exposing what I really like will make someone assume stereotypes about me and therefore dislike me off the bat.ISFJ, INTP, ENFJ, ISTJ.  For a variety of reasons in that the people who are these types in my life are kind of astounding in maturity and care.  And unfortunately for me, majority of the extj mbti I've had to live with have not been very pleasant people, so i eagerly await the day that gets rectified. 

I've also met an ISFP who is in an extremely abusive situation but has the resilience of grass that keeps growing despite being downtrodden. Pretty amazing.&gt;Fuck off! I'm super nice!

Not aggressive or pushy at all! lol.

I agree with everything you say about being grounded in reality or not. Ne is abstract and optimistic whereas Se is concrete and realistic. &gt;10/10 FJs will melt. 

It's true. *Too* true.

Also wanted to add that the xntp that I've met usually look... IDK, Approachable?  Open and neutral-receptive.  The frequency of strangers who automatically go up to xntp is higher in my experience. I think ENTPs love this but INTP always bemoans it.Infj. I hit a few levels. Tipsy means I'm giggly and brash and much less inhibited in what I say. Starting drunk means I'm melancholy and may voice observations in the people with me that might not be socially appropriate to point out. Drunk drunk means I want a sketchbook asap, because I *will* fill at least 12 pages in a long period of silence and concentration.INFJ: "I know you, but you don't know me."Infj. I'm that asshole who usually never procrastinates. I'm usually done whatever I have to do wayyyy before the deadline, be it essays (concrete date deadlines) or dishes (when mom comes home), lol.

Procrastinating spikes my anxiety. Sometimes it gets paralyzing if I know I have a lot to do and I'm not getting it done. I even lose sleep doing important projects, but usually immediately after the project is handed to me, not scrambling to finish it last minute.

If I catch myself putting something off for a long time, it's usually due to dread.  For example, I got my drivers license rather late in the game (at 22 rather than fresh at 16-19, which is the typical average in my country). I was cognizant this was dread because I used to be anxious on the road.  But now that I've been licensed a while, all's well.Uhhh... I'm an infj, and the mbti in my immediate family is... 

Esfj, esfp, intj, enfp, and istp. If we wanna count my biological father and brother, I suspect they're isfp and infj  (like me).

...I guess F is one more prevalent than the rest?  Even though we're about evenly split between Fi/Fe. There's not a lot of commonality between me and my immediate family members, but we all jibe well, so it's not a big problem. "How are you doing?" proceeded by an actual conversation where i'm interested in you.

If I don't like someone I will not give them that opportunity to tire me out, lol.-cracks knuckles-  If all the types were in a party together in that room, then:

Instant BFF: 
-ISTJ/ENFP, on the virtue that ENFP is just great best friend material and will somehow draw ISTJ out of their shell.  they'd talk about everything together.  probably lose track of time.  ISTJ may feel drained from the party so ENFP will politely move their conversation somewhere quieter.  At some point they discover the TV and get sucked into a show together.

-ISTP/ENFJ.  They'd be chatting near the punch and the ENFJ is the only person the ISTP would tolerate having such a long conversation with.  May end up exploring the room together somehow, where ISTP is marvelling at architecture and ENFJ explains the history of the room.  Both are terrible at dancing and enjoy dancing terribly together, somehow.

-ISFP/ENTJ.  ENTJ is organizing the party.  ISFP is in charge of food and decorations.  They're a powerhouse team, and even when they bicker, you kind of sense that no one's really that offended.  Both are kind of low-key annoyed but low-key enjoying themselves.

Gets along: 
-INFJ/ESTP, where INFJ is only half-heartedly reprimanding ESTP for spiking the punch bowl.  In reality INFJ is really curious to see what'll happen.  ESTP exacerbates this by telling INFJ to 'live more in the moment'; INFJ, while a bit resentful, begrudgingly agrees deep down.

-INTJ/ESFP, INTJ gets a huge kick out of seeing ESFP's shenanigans.  ESFP drags INTJ into a drinking game.  Somehow they both end up crying in a corner after drinking the spiked punch, and confess a great deal of things to each other.  After the party, neither of them speak to each other again, though both develop fond memories of the other.

-ISFJ/ENTP, ENTP repeatedly tries to get ISFJ to pin the tail on the donkey.  ISFJ morally feels bad because the game is a little too violent for their taste.  ENTP sits down, fascinated, and wants to *deconstruct* why ISFJ feels what they feel.  They'll talk for a few hours but ultimately leave each other a bit more puzzled than they began.

Kills each other: 
-ESTJ/INFP, ESTJ would be done with INFP's dream talk by the second sentence.  Sensing outright rejection, INFP goes off and joins the INFJ/ESTP or the ISTP/ENFJ pair, and somehow, the ESTJ feels incredibly lonely.

-INTP/ESFJ.  INTP wants to talk about conspiracy theories.  ESFJ just wants to dance.  They resent being put together in a pair and will part quickly when the party begins.



This was all in good fun.I like them and they like me and we like hanging out.  That's pretty much it.  Stages.  Stage 1 is giggly extrovert.  Stage 2 is sombre and may include tears and babbling about past traumas.  Stage 3 is sexy.  Stage 4 is "everybody fuck off and leave me alone with my sketchbook I Am Having A Eureka Moment"

Once I woke up the next day with 12 pages filled in my sketchbook from the drunken night before, and I genuinely could not remember drawing half of those things.I think each type is a different kind of "best" military strategist.

the xNFPs and xSFPs are cultural military.  Propaganda and nationalism are their fortes.  They will find a way to brainwash the population, and brainwash them well.  The propaganda will intimidate enemy countries, and damage enemy morale.

the xNFJs and xSFJs are like the embodiment of how Poland initially welcomed the Nazis before realizing it was all fucked up.  They will infiltrate a country in the name of peace and aid, then strangle it from within so slowly that it's too late once people realize.

the xNTJs and xSTJs are traditional military.  Front-line battlefield strategy.  xNTJ is better at offense; xSTJ better at defense.  You do not want to be fighting hand-to-hand with ExTJ, nor do you want to find yourself dueling the IxTJ.

the xNTPs and xSTPs are cyber military.  Got information needing to be stolen?  They will steal it.  Intel and sabotage are xNTP's playgrounds.  ExTP is better at the stealing, and IxTP is better at using that intel for damage.  But they'll feel pretty guilty once the war is over.
I've been constantly suicidal since childhood but have never acted on it.  I was diagnosed with mild generalized anxiety but I know mine is moderate and comorbid with depression because I cannot bring myself to be the complete mess I know I can be on my own when another person, i.e. a counsellor, is in the room.

I find comfort in having someone to talk to.  A counsellor is nicer to talk to about certain things than a friend because with friends, my scope of topics is rather broad, and I'm usually much more interested in their lives.  With a counsellor, I have time and focus and someone else interested in deconstructing my mind/my disorder with me. Mine was verbal counselling and a lot of thought recording exercises which helped calm the anxiety a lot.  

To further elaborate, I am quite susceptible to therapy. I lack that emotional support in my day to day life, so having a counsellor who's really kind of just there, concerned for me, ready to support me, already calms me down a lot.  My mind and mood can be easily swayed, so I like to be around positive people.Based off INFJ stereotypes, probably the majestic ghost horse dog that is the borzoi.Typing people helps me greatly.  Sometimes I don't even care if i know the full type, just the distinction between the basic four cognitive functions.  I never know if I'm right or not, but I try to guess someone's type as quickly as possible upon meeting them so I can tailor my speech style and body language to suit.

For example, at a recent interview, i could tell the lady interviewing me was definitely IxFx, and the man was definitely ExFJ.  That was quite relieving because I was not stressed out at all with their questions and could answer quite authentically without worrying that, if they were T leads, that I'd come off too spiritual or soft for the position.

Another example, when i respond to different mbti subreddits, I'm quite different speaking, too.  For the INFJ subreddit i feel like i am either authentic or borderline intj/istj. For any Te lead reddits I tend to be point form and concise.  For Ti leads I'm  quirkier and have more fun. For Fi leads I'm such a mama hen, as I tend to stray into the sadder ones asking for advice.  It's quite fun and I use the knowledge of functions to tune into how I might more effectively communicate with others.Best friends: intp, infj, enfj
Boyfriend: infj
Squad contains: ISTP, isfp, esfp, Infp, istj, and intj.

I'm surrounded by introverts lmao."I know"

"Uhhh"

"Mom that's not a hotdog"Easygoing, approachable, but then scary once approached.  Infj.Ni for me is like an arrow piercing darkness. Except more like sound and sight together.

I experience Ni as if I were standing in an echo chamber listening and seeing things around me.  And after listening/seeing for long enough, I just get that lightning flash of clarity.  "X will happen because of Y."  And I just know my projection will happen because of a few reasons.  

Let's use John and Jane, and let's pretend suddenly they're breaking up.  Despite the fact that everyone knows they're a splendid couple, I'm not surprised by this news.

 I'm listening and seeing things in my echo chamber.  I'm picking up on intent, emotion, and whether or not communication is effective.  If I've known Jane and John for a long time, I will already have gotten gut feelings on the true emotional quality of their relationship (this is also due to Fe help).  Say my basic gut feeling is unease.  Even the smallest tells ("Haha, Jane doesn't like this stuff so I can only talk to you about it") can hint to me that there's more going on, and I'll start observing like a zoom lens to see if that gut feeling holds any water.  How often does Jane talk over John when he's going on about something he likes? How often does Jane complain that John doesn't take an interest in her interests? Etc.  Reading the situation between the lines and seeing all these contextual cues, I usually arrive at "I see. If this keeps going the way it's going, they're definitely going to break up because they both feel their interests are underappreciated."

If it's not between people and it's just for pure observations, Ni is more retrospective for me than prospective. I walk away from situations and require some time to process what I've learned from the experience.  It sounds like Si here a bit because I refine refine refine a life lesson and set it as shorthand for new experiences, but the key difference is that my Ni tends to be quite objective and removed from my values/morals.  Also, rather than operating solely on what has worked for me, Ni can predict what may work for me next time even though I didn't do an good job the first time around.  E.g. I see that last time yelling didn't work to get what I wanted, so next time, lower volume and use softer body language to convey less aggression.  Even if in my original scenario I wasn't *trying* to be aggressive, I'll account for the fact someone might mistaken my volume for aggression, and see if it will work if I actively tone down.

This is all super difficult to put to words!Hmmm, this situation is very very tricky because person A has too much going on for her.  Discovering bisexuality can be a wonderful and terrifying journey (source: am bisexual, and the journey was wild).  Breaking up, rebounding, *and* exploring sexuality seems pretty loaded at once.  I think maybe yes, B is her rebound, but you can't say for certain if she's not bisexual or not because for one, I'm assuming they're both quite young (so freshman college age or under).  Sexuality exploration has bound to be *new*.  Second, I find when someone lies much closer to the heterosexual end, they're much less likely to say yes to a homosexual relationship out of sheer lack of attraction.  So she may have had genuine interest there.

Edit: and for person B, I agree with all your observations.  Is person B able to sense the same things as you? Lol aka is person B intuitive too?This is a long one.  

Mom's a mature ESTP. Biological dad I suspect is ISFP and stepdad is a rly well-rounded ISTJ.

I'm a 22yo INFJ and had to emotionally raise myself. None of the three parents who were involved in my life could handle the depth of my emotions--which, frankly, weren't even that intense, because I am older now and I have met *intense*.  But each has taught me valuable lessons about being an adult, which I can appreciate.

Mom's fun and hilarious and hands-off parenting makes me an excellent social chameleon. I'm academically successful--which she was never--so she was always proud of even the tiniest of my achievements, which bolstered my confidence greatly. I am not shy and I mimic her speaking style perfectly when it suits me. And since she is so well-liked socially, it suits me often.  People mistaken me for an extrovert often, but in reality, I'm using what I've learned.

I have an excellent relationship with her, but she *has* emotionally relied on me since the tender age of eight or nine, around the time of her divorce. She absolutely hates her ENFP mother; in childhood, I've had to placate and soothe either or both after escalated conflicts.  She jokes about how I'm a better mom for her than my grandma is.  The downside is, I don't trust her to comfort me any more because she tends to do more damage than help. E.g. judt last week she saw me crying at my desk (I was very stressed out from another family member blowing up at me) and told me i needed medication because i was getting "out of control".  Then she suggested I had low EQ because I got angry at her for the comment, like a kick when I was down.  It's hypocritical because she comes to me for comfort but literally is incapable of doing the same.

She's never really taken an interest in my life experiences, probably because she is much more light-hearted than me, and finds my experiences too dark--bullying, being stalked, depression, anxiety, what have you.  When i was at a helpless age (around 7-12 yo), she minimized my cries for help ("It's not that bad / Why do you feel so sorry for yourself / You shouldn't feel that way / maybe they're picking on you because you weren't nice enough to them").  She has verbalized to me that she is terrified of truly acknowledging my depression because it would make her "very sad". 

 She's almost 50 but looks and acts young. I'm very protective of her, but I resent the lack of protection that she provided throughout vulnerable, dangerous years. It *has* made me a very self-reliant, observant, and caring person, particularly since I work with children and have been able to turn on the "mom" feel since i was 14 or so.  And it's made me smart about picking who I can trust to talk to about my experiences.  But my mom is also a hard worker and genuinely well-intentioned--so even though there's icky stuff for me to deal with in therapy, i still love and respect her.

Biological Dad wasn't there.  He and I can really butt heads. We got along better when I was younger but he has a *serious* problem with *using* my experiences, which i find particularly annoying especially since he wasn't present for any of them.  I'm not going to take his bs comments when he feels like being sagely, you know, the firm nod and "You're young and inexperienced and I'm about to drop a Wisdom Bomb on you."  I can also tell that he desperately craves a relationship with me but royally fucks up on communication. I have to forgive him a lot, esp because I walk into conversations guarded from the beginning.  He's very proud of me and will brag to his friends about me.  For and long time, this really disgusted me because he clearly wasn't interested in hearing me talk--I felt like he had no right being proud of me when he didn't know me at all. 

He'd ask for conversation but spend the whole time talking over me, and if I ever told him anything, there'd be set responses.  If it was about success, he'd categorize it as something to brag about later. If it was about failure, I had to gear up for a long Life Lesson. If it was about a problem I was having, he'd reroute it somehow to be about his life and his experiences, and sometimes he'd forget the problem I approached him with.  I learned from him that not all wisdom is wise, and that I can show respect to people just by listening.

My stepdad is fun. He's quirky but noble in a way, and has spent most of my childhood providing for me. We get along well. Sometimes he can be *so* unnecessarily moody, but I find he's the most easy to forgive because he's so. Tired. All. The. Time. He works insane hours to keep my family afloat and, in typical ISTJ fashion, will shrug it off as "someone has to, it's my job to provide."  He's always been satellite parent for me but we've never butted heads. I obey his orders, which pleases him, and it doesn't bother me because his orders are *always* explained. He takes his time to answer if I ask "why" and I find him very reasonable. He's blunt and frank and hates social convention, which I find refreshing bc I'm always tiptoeing over etiquette thanks to Fe.  I've learned how to express my anger in healthy ways by watching him succeed or fail at it. Deep down I'm quite protective of him too.

There ya have it. Thank you--I've found the opposite, actually, in that I make friendship with women much easier.  I think it depends on the level of maturity and not quite the gender of the friend, if that makes sense? I've never been able to erect a wall of indifference, so I've always come off as warm, which might explain it.  I've never found the need for mutual vulnerability, probably because I don't often feel emotionally vulnerable. Edit: and I've actually found boys to be *much* more emotionally needy than girls, just in my personal experience. Girls learn to take care of their emotions, but boys flail because they're not socialized to do so. Meeting with me, a warm and supportive squish, tends to make boys *way overshare*, lmao.

But I *am* older than I was (teenage years was when I made a lot of friends) and I think this "No more vulnerability" thing is a recent development. There are still things that anger me and get under my skin, sure, but (developing that Fi!!!) I'm much more centered.  Experiences, people, and conflict  no longer make me unstable the way they used to, but it comes with growing wisdom!Ooh, another long one.

My grandmother has had two serious head traumas in her youth, before my mother was born. She is the doted baby of the family and, as such, was spoiled for her time (she's currently in her late 70s but you can... you can *see* her infantile behaviour still, sometimes, in certain whining and entitled reactions.)  Her head traumas have changed her, obviously.  She is very loose cannon. She's very insisting, forceful, and refuses to take no as an answer--She'll even perceive rejection from reasonable "no" answers, which is very scary. 

For example, as a child I was borderline obese because she'd forcefully overfeed me. If i said no, she'd be very angry with me, citing how I'm not accepting her love if I don't accept her food. Her belief that feeding me = loving me is clear Fi values/morals; you could tell she was an Ne Dom because she always had a childlike naive quality to her, with how much she'd envision possibilities, with her naturally curious nature.  Fi steered the Ne.  She always digs her heels in and argues about her own feelings and experiences being "more valid than yours" (Tert Si).  Her exerting control over my food intake is clear Te, in crazy inferior mode, because it wasn't objectively useful or beneficial to anyone but herself.  Once I had to shut her down because I didn't want any more meat, but she was shovelling more into my plate even as I pleaded no.  She actively started to shout hysterically.  I was thirteen, and had to remove myself from the kitchen because she was getting out of control. Then I just *had* to go comfort her because she'd stormed off to her room crying, like the typical INFJ that I am ☺ why, past me, why

When I moved away and lived alone for college, I slimmed down a whopping 35 pounds in a few months because I could finally  control my own food (she's been living with us since I was ten or so, if that gives context).  She put me in a terrible Ni-Se grip for *years* with the eating-domination.  I wish I could cover some nicer things about her because, frankly, there *are* nice things, but it's hard for me to talk about my grandmother without citing any of the batshit crazy, yknow? 

So. Historically, my grandma had beaten the *shit* out of my mother. Switches, slaps, yknow. 

My mom's never been good at school, which was a HUGE deal in our family. Me and her both suspect she had undiagnosed adhd at the time, but of course, mental health and developmental stuff was taboo to talk about back then, so people just wrote her off as academically lazy--which she wasn't!! Bless this current era!  When my mom was a teenager she tried to OD on sleeping pills because the abuse was so unbearable. To this day my grandma scoffs when we bring it up because she... well, direct quoting about my mom, she says, "You just didn't want to take the math test the next day."

So yeah. There's a saga full of resentment and rage between them that my grandma flippantly ignores, just because she's a very unhealthy, high-Fi-overdrive ENFP with a plethora of comorbid mental illnesses. This colours my relationship with my mom because I was just, idk, born maternal, and sometimes I see my mother's inability to support me as CLEARLY stemming from her own emotionally fucked up childhood. I usually just feel thankful my mom is as supportive and as awesome as she is.  I've inherited some mental illness stuff too--depression and anxiety, which aren't so bad, because at least mine only hurts me.  I try not to feel too, I dunno, "let down" by my mom's inability to support because I know her history, and I know it's difficult to accept that your child is ill in those ways--especially growing up with the taboo narrative.

I'll have to give that film a shot :)I've learned that you have to cope with mental illness, not conquer. Entj - I've never met one IRL.  I don't know if they exist. They've all been estjs who think they're intuitives.

entp - Your smile is so infectious. I wish I could borrow it.

Intj - You can't ignore your emotions forever. Trust me.

Intp - I love you even if you don't love you. Stop putting yourself down.

Enfj - I wish I were you.  Your grace dazzles me.

Enfp - Please stop hurting me. "No" is a final answer. 

INFJ - why are we so different??? We're the same type, but??? 

Infp - You love those that don't deserve you. Trust me.

Esfj - There's grace in admitting mistakes without pettiness

ESTJ - You didn't need to yell at that homeless woman. What did that do for you?

ISFJ - Live a little. You're young. It's never too late.

Istj - I know you're busy, but I'd love to learn everything you know.

Esfp - Just because you're good at talking doesn't mean your thoughts are interesting.

Estp - Please stop interrupting me.

Isfp - I wonder how many gallons of salt you contain.

ISTP - You're a grown ass adult, communicate with WORDS, GODDAMN

*not meant to offend. This is for very specific people I've met, lmaoLow key.  I am devoted to my one or two things.  But if I don't feel like someone deserves to be in my "ingroup", they'll likely never hear about it.For fun, since everyone else has commented with actual research:

I've never met an INTP who *wasn't* skeptical the second they sniffed organised religion.

On the other end of the scale, several ESTJs I've met are really quite devoted religiously because it's part of their upbringing.I'm good at typing everything but intuition vs. Sensing sometimes. I've confused many a sensor and intuitive (most commonly estj/entj and enfp/esfp).Thanks for your sympathy, and don't worry--it wasn't all bad! There were definitely patches of sunshine in the rough.

Yes, I thought she was a sensor too, but from personal experience all the SFJs I've ever met are really mellow. She's also really terrible at sensing. She can't find things in clutter, she doesn't know what's wrong in her body when it's wrong, and her physical coordination is not ideal--but again, I think it's the head trauma. She's always asking questions and always "experimenting" with stuff, so for a while I thought she was entp until I realized how serious her moral/emotional values ran.

I don't think all enfp people are terrible, but it is quite fascinating to see how that stack of functions can go completely awry. 
&gt;"FiTe me asshole"

I need this on a tshirtIf i hear another goddamn pun I'm whipping out my NiFe.Infj boys give me life.looks like most people thinks your type is a variation on brown LOL
THANK YOUI know, right? I associate infj with velvet red because all the INFJs I've ever met look great in that colour, myself included, lol!Y'all are the squishiest. Ya try to put us off with Clinical Language and Cerebral Deconstruction but the minute we talk feelings y'all collapse into fumbles and nerves. *it's so cute.*Anime, arts, orchestra. I went to a very demure highschool where the academics were respected and sportsy people weren't pedestalized. It was nice!this is my favourite story ever

sorry for your pain man but i live for this kind of emotional drama *LMAO*out of curiosity, have you met other INFJ who you associated different colours for?This was well-written, thank you.  Your english is very descriptive and accurate.

If I had to quantify myself, as INFJ, the order is probably like...

NiE, FeI, TiI (*sorta, I'll talk on this),SeI.  

I disagree with the majority of your viewpoints on Se, though; they're too negative. Here's a positive spin on them: I see SeE as very inclusive.  Not only do they want to experience everything, there is a desire for everyone to also experience the cool things in life.  It's also the ability to know how to make other people feel good sexually/physically.  And SeI is not just evasive, not all shallow.  I see someone with SeI in Dom, like ESTP, for example, as independent who prefer to experience things on their own for profound insight.  Lone hikers, lone travellers, etc.  Also excellent masturbators, probably?  LOL

It's weird because as I'm reading Ti, I feel much more like I have TeI than Ti-anything.  

Anyway fun read! Thank you.OH YEAH thank you for reminding me, it was lost in the messages :DThanks!  I see shitposts like this all the time so I rolled up my sleeves and wanted to put a more positive/insightful spin.

Nothing irritates me more than when people go like, "oh, ENTJs feel nothing, they're tyrants" or "INFPs are all spineless dreamers".  Like gtfo with negative stereotypes that don't encompass human nuance.  

Yes, I've seen that crippling in action.  I'm intimate with NFP dramatics, but I'm also close with one very, very mature INFP, who is filled with caring and has realized internalising complements is amazing.  I'm saddened bc most of Western society tends to belittle and minimize beautiful traits that are associated with an INFP person--idealism, gentleness, sympathy, etc.  That may contribute to the hardness and low self-esteem.

I live to serve.  

(which I suppose is the best pandering answer to an NTJ, right? ;D)

I feel like the most damaging thing about an immature person of an MBTI is for the *mature* people of the MBTI.  Knowing people who have met immature INFJs and who have been scarred by them, I'm filled with an urge to palm my face, roll under my desk, and never get back up.  "Why you gotta throw mud on our rep," I bemoan.  Etc.

Ugh, I *know*.  r/isfp is like a sky full of shooting stars.  Doesn't happen often, but when activity is there, it's pretty brilliant.

I also think it's easiest to quantify the Intuitives than the Sensors.  Because Intuitives can be summed up in abstract terms, whereas Sensors are very linked to physicality and sentiment.  

Do you still need clarification on ISFP/INFP, though?  If you need any insight on Se/Ne, I can offer my two cents.

Ooh, if I could give out awards to each MBTI, the ENTJs are the *best* at making sure their own brood aren't balls of massive embarrassment :D

I really love the NTJs in general because almost all common stereotypes get you guys wrong.  Everyone expects NTJs to be "on" all the time, like, constantly striving for world domination, when in reality y'all are insightful and chill and considerate.  

...but I mean, I still *believe* an ENTJ can dominate the world and run it *well*, but still.  How do you chill and yet have no chill at the same time??? fascinatingI certainly do.  I think I embrace positive INFJ stereotypes as a way to better myself.  Of *course* I'd rather be a permanent, "always-on" INFJ, someone who's constantly insightful and mystical and caring and whatnot.  XDI know!! I duck in to ENFJ periodically like ":O???" and then walk away like :| 

I admire you guys, you're like a better, more socially adept version of me, with all the care yet 10x more grace XD
&gt;brb sobbing

not to be stereotypical but 8') *infp intensifies*I agree.  Fi and Ni are fundamentally the most abstract.  Though Fi is more subjective and Ni is more objective... to an extent.

I also fundamentally think that the word "dreamy" is tossed around without much real quantification.  How I see ISFPs vs INFPs is that ISFPs are *spiritual* and *earthy*, and INFPs are *cerebral* and *airy*.  ISFP are not as abstract as everyone thinks;  that "dreamy abstract" language is really a very accurate, but subjective, way for ISFP to communicate physicality in the moment.

So like... for example, ISFP sees a shade of red in a flower.  Fi will tell ISFP that they really like that colour while Se will give minute details about the colour--"it is a slightly more violet shade than red, *like the difference between the red at sunset versus the red of a firetruck*".  So like, I've heard an ISFP friend describe things this way, where it sounds beautiful and poetic and profound, when in reality, it is actually *very* concrete and linked to a real-world object so as to be clear to the listener.  This is also due to help from Ni and Te, Ni which chimes in, demanding a narrower metaphor for precision, and Te which strives for accuracy.  Se is focused on *now*.  "This flower looks like this colour, I am going to describe that colour to you."  And the process of the description is what makes ISFPs so lovely and artistic.  On further notes, Se might tell ISFP everything about the flower--it looks soft, it looks like it will smell good, it looks dangerous, etc, any of those notes.

In contrast, an INFP might see the shade of red, and Ne gives future possibilities.  "Oh, I really like this colour, it's probably useful for a bouquet, or it'll look good on a shirt".  Not that INFPs aren't metaphorical, but hear me out: The use of Ne is for future, for projection, for ideals.  They will see the red and not be so interested in trying to tell you *exactly* what it looks like, but rather for what it can be *used for*.  Ne will tell the INFP that "because you are fond of this colour, you can use it to instill fondness through other means".  The INFP might not even give a dang about the other qualities of the flower once they find more interest in the colour and it's deeper meanings.  Is the red a dangerous red?  Will it look good in matte or gloss?  Who do I know who likes this red?  etc.  Si chimes in with help on gauging exactly the level of sentiment/feeling/reaction they have to the colour, while Te seeks an accurate way to use it for the future.

If you are sure you're not, then honestly, you're probably not.  XD  one real main thing I've noticed being around SFP and NFP is that NFPs "buzz" in a way that SFPs don't.  you can hear their brains going.  They are definitely in their heads--"dreamy".  And then SFPs exist in their own world, even though they are with me in the same time and location, their world and space is so largely unique and more realer than I can imagine--which, again, can *also* be interpreted as "dreamy".


In contrast, I love pandering, because then I know *exactly* the true intention.  You want to get in my good books = you want something from me.  Direct, if not roundabout, lol!

&gt;it's likely by someone who's probably hurt and vulnerable on the inside and is putting up a front to protect their ego

Sounds like a healthy Fi to me that you have there.

&gt;but then it should be our duty to set them straight.

aaaand there's the Te.

I jest.  MBTI is a great learning tool for self-improvement, I think.  My hopes are that the undeveloped come here *to* develop, not to stagnate.
Oh!  Let me clarify: in every brood of humans, there are massive embarassments.  And then there are those rhythmically snapping out of the shadows to drag them back in, make them mature, then send them back out into the world. I doubt this is limited to ENTJs, or mbti in particular.

I like the ENTJ subreddit.  It teaches me things about direct communication I would never have learned otherwise.  A thing about the INFJ subreddit is that there is periodic soothing, whereas I see a lot more 'do x and y' in the ENTJ sub that I appreciate.

One of my best friends is an ENTJ, and she's described it to me similarly.  Ironically, I feel like INFJs are always constantly giving a fuck about everything, yet appear lower-energy.  Quantity vs quality?  So what is it that you constantly give a fuck about, then?  Tell me about your "one thing".

I like the article, thank you.  Laughed particularly loud about the ENFJ one.
&gt;It's difficult to guide others without immediately criticizing them, but it's something we can all work on.

I encourage you to try the NF forums.  We have the *opposite* of this problem.  It's difficult without cooing and coddling others without immediately crippling them, and we *need* to work on that.  

the NTPs are *very prone* to DAE, I've noticed.  I think it's a subtle and healthy way to feel less lonely?  Probably?  :'DNever be sorry to say ;D I live for learning and correcting my view on functions/types.

Take it from me, as an inferior Se--I am Jon Snow, and I know little about how Se works other than my own Ni-Fe-Ti projections.  LOL

I love your metaphor, thank you.  And I agree.  You may enjoy a concrete difference in some examples:

From your explanation, [I think the artwork of Banksy makes for a good example of INFP-style thinking.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/fb/36/55/fb3655a7d9abcc1f1bc452435a90189c.jpg)  And for ISFP-style thinking, [the work of Rothko comes to mind](https://www.etc.cmu.edu/projects/atl/images/rothko/rothko3.jpg).  Sorry, I'm an art historian, you've hit on My Favourite Thing XD.  Banksy's art is rife with semiotic message.  It is *explicit* in its desire to influence the viewer.  There is a message--a *strong* message--and everything in this piece of art is staged just-so for the message to be as clear and as impactful as possible.  Whereas the Rothko is almost pure colour and tactility; a real-life viewing of a Rothko is actually pretty magical.  Those colours shift and invite, and you can spend half an hour just walking around the canvas, admiring the different hues due to light refractions and oil depth and such.  Both are still excellent pieces of art, but quite different in execution.  (just like INFP and ISFP!!! badumtss)If you are interested, [this is an excellent post](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/133090287772/accurate-typing-tertiary-temptation) on something called the Dominant-Tertiary loop.  These behaviours tend to manifest when someone is very stressed out, and Auxiliary shuts down.  If you can't decide the order of your functions, then maybe deciding how you react when your *second* function is gone can clue you in to which one you really are.  I highly encourage you to look at the INFJ and INTP loops.  We loop *quite* differently.  One should resonate with you more than the other :O

Aaaand, historically people say Jung was an INFJ.  I agree, from reading his literature.  And since the FP types are direct opposites of the FJ types, that's probably why he was like "what are you people" LOL&gt; "BUT MAYBE THAT'S AN ACCURATE WAY TO FEEL ABOUT WHAT YOU'RE DOING"

8'D let me tell you a secret, honestly, sometimes I feel that way too.  I avoid any thread that's like "I'm a terrible person" because like.................. what if they are?  I can't just say it 8'D there's *social etiquette to consider*

To give context, I am a 23-year-old INFJ.  That puts me kushy in that awkward spot after the naivety of a "young INFJ" and before the wisdom of "Gandalf the INFJ".  Physical draining due to emotional draining is a real, and frightening, thing.  I sure don't *want* to be crippled over the weekend because someone said x, y, or z, but my brain has other plans.  I'm considered higher-energy than most introverts in my circle, and I have more capacity to care and not be exhausted, due to experience.  But I'm much warier of draining people and situations now that I'm older.  I used to set myself on fire to keep other people warm, but realized after a few dangerous years that if I want to live longer, that kind of giving cannot go on.

!!! A writer!!!! Might I ask you about it?  Your plot, your experience on the publishing process, the genre, etc.  I love that stuff.  I am an illustrator by trade, and am deeply passionate about the writing field.  I've copyedited four published novels now and drawn the cover for three 8'D and I do character illustrations frequently as commissions.  It's eerie because I'm in a similar position, a 9-5 job, whilst chugging in a few pages/sketches in my free time between work assignments.  My dream is to be published some day, too, but will I ever finish my damn novel?  nobody knows

It's interesting you say this because I can't imagine having only two close friends.  I've a best friend roster of twelve sparkly people, and then people who come very close after that, and then a field of acquaintances.  It *is* more time and more energy spent--but perhaps it's Fe.  I gain energy from friendship like a sponge, if the friendship is positive.I am at work; will respond when I am done my tasks (y)
hey hey hey none of that -squishes your cheeks-

see there it goes again, NFP tendencies to think you're all beyond hope.  i think NFPs are very sweet, and could do with being gentler with themselves D:

Oh, I've not just *seen* those, I *crave* those ;D

But actually, I see those kinds of threads *in* r/INTP too.  Because they *know*.  They know we're watching. OuO

Hmm, I was really daunted too when I began, but a good progression is to go by these subreddits:

INFJ -&gt; ENFJ -&gt; ISFJ, then when you're comfortable, venture into INTP, then ENTP.  Stay in INTP forever, dip into ENTP when you're in the mood.  THEN, venture into INTJ/ENTJ, but don't bring your soft heart in there--bring level head and communication and humor.  LOL

I kid, I kid.  And I'm not saying don't try the other subs, but if you do, you may not get a reply til later.  I've posted in ESFP and ESTJ and gotten the barest minimum of responses, like, by that I mean 4 comments over *a month*.  That is exactly what I mean.  Have you ever glanced at r/INFP? it changes every few hours.  whereas ENFP, you can check it in the evening and the same few topics still float at the top.-puts on a cape- just call me wonder woman

Inferior Fe is very sweet to me.  (I assume that's what you're talking about, now that I read back, I'm not sure, but my rant is here).  It's all the empathy and care and desire to help that I know I feel, yet with none of the hesitation/precaution.  A developed Fe is very hesitant; an undeveloped one is vibrant and glorious.  Put in positive terms, of course XDENTPs get the "most stimulating" award.  never a dull moment, and never an opinion I don't appreciate.smells like developed Ni to me ;D8)

quotin' myself

&gt;"i'm a failure", "i'm so lonely", "i'm sad all the time"

-pats you on the head- i highly suggest talking to one of the TJs.  seems weird to suggest, but congregating with a decaying ship all the time seems kind of exhausting.  try the TJ blazing metal submarine that cuts the ocean like a knife.  i needed that subreddit, thanks!!!

and I disagree--plenty of humor, though the humor tends to border on the edge of hysterical breakdowns ;Dcome back and tell me your findings; apparently infj are rare, so we're supposed to *stick together* ~~LOL~~
!!!!!!!! 

~~OH NO A COMPLIMENT~~

thank you!! if I'm gonna be a stranger on the internet, I might as well be a *nice* stranger

~~that sounds wrong too augh Fe help me out here~~Ooh, but naivety is the stepping stone of wisdom.  You must begin with the fundamental desire to help before learning *how* to help, right?

but again, if you're exploring function pairs, see how Fe works in Aux (infj) vs how it works in Inferior (intp).  *Very* different.  Can be a clue :D  I am the lucky sort.  I've only ever met ENTPs over the internet.  Which means I've only met what they want me to see--I can't recall if any of the people I grew up with were ENTPs, so I suppose I have a biased, one-sided positive view of them.

what did he retype you as?? :/It's alright; one of my main POV protagonists is what I describe as a feelsy ESTJ.  Does that exist?  It does now ._.  because what was I thinking, trying to pretend like I understand how to be Te-Si.  Your novel sounds really interesting, and I guess, since I have just one step further in experience, I can offer any sorts of answers if you have questions about publication.  What's the girl's name?

You know, your mentality actually sounds quite relieving.  When I think about it, sometimes, I think I'd do better with less friends.  I can't let anyone go.  My oldest friend and I are celebrating 20 years of knowing each other next year, and like........ I'm too young to celebrate ~20 years of anything, except for maybe being alive.  I admire people who can decide that another person is too much to deal with, because I never know where that "off" line is.

Now, as for the field--I was very involved with writing groups in my university career, though I am not a graduate of the field (my double majors are in Fine Arts/Art History (one program) and French Language Teaching).  But you can see I'm involved with the arts and the languages XD so naturally, creative writing is an avenue I've meandered down.  Because I was friends with the writers, naturally, when it came time for them to publish, they'd think of me for covers or grammatical editing.

I've been doing digital paintings since I was quite young, and have made a career out of it by branching into design.  Actually, I started painting because I was writing stories at a young age and wanted to depict my characters!  I'm currently a designer/prepress at a printing company, just graduated last year and have worked for almost three months now in the field.  So my job is basically setting up advertisements and sometimes even *creating* them, then setting them up to go to the complicated system of printing in the back of the building.  It challenges me mechanically and creatively, though I have to admit... the muffin top is growing 8')

It's rewarding to go into the arts and flourish--especially because there's quite a few negative feedbacks right now about "starving artists" and... you know.  Typical esteem blows about the field.  So I feel quite lucky and happy.  It's nice because I work all the time on the triad of Adobe products, and since I work in press, I'm intimate with *how* books are made, from the spark of an idea of a novel, to the editing process, to margins and fonts and pagination, to what kind of paper you use for covers and what kind of boards to use for spine, to when it lands on a shelf.

The cool thing about entering the field of writing is that you can just... do it?  There is no bar exam.  It's not like becoming a music teacher or a doctor, where you need certification--unless you're doing extreme scientific writing, of course.  Instead of me going on, what would you like to know?

Huh; which ones are tertiary Fe again?  ... ENTP, ESTP?  I can't remember off the top of my head.  Interesting!! Don't ever let that experience with the bad entp turn you off from self-discovery. We are what we are, even if we've met ppl of the same type who are radically different.

I also encourage you to look at a phenomenon known as "inferior grip".  I dont have links right now since I'm on mobile, but a quick google should do it!Wait how does one friend-flair

aaaaaa im a friend now, yesss!!!  I like your username by the way :DI may have not noticed I was talking to you twice!!!

My theory is that tertiary can be developed to be just as good as auxiliary if you work it. My tertiary Ti is excellent because I worldbuild, develop languages, and generally create systems for creativity, so it really works my brain.  It's completely possible to have an extp who is socially adept and charismatic due to Fe; rather, I'm pretty sure that's part of the definition for them :DAHH YOU'RE HIGHLIGHTED NOW! thats so efficient!!Holy crap any more??? Gimme dem tasty memesInteresting!  I've studied Jung and Freud in psychology; Freud was definitely of the opinion that Jung was gentle and well-liked, for he wrote that in a lot of letters to everyone that Jung was a humanist who cared about people--strikes me as a feeler.You forget, I also lack significant amounts of data on two of the most extroverted types, ESFP and ESTP.

And I think there is inherent narcissism in each type for different things; it's just overt in the ones I've listed as observable behaviour.

I don't think Western society values extroversion as much as we think, because indeed, there is still a reverence and merit for those who are considered reserved and deep-thinking (else we'd never fall for the Dark Knight tropes).  I feel like all societies run on a gradient, requiring both, even if modern-day overt media fixes spotlights on those who are more obviously charismatic!Offering an anecdote: my little brother is an intj and we get along SWIMMINGLY. He is very border F but clearly operates in Te. He tends to make decisions slower than I do, though.

I think it's advantageous for both of us. I'm emotive and protective, and he's really insightful and quirky. He teaches me how to be less annoyed by everything while also not letting go of important things (bc he's good at mitigating annoyance), and I teach him how to stand up for himself socially in the family (bc my fe smells that bs from a mile away)

He can get frustrated with me as I make decisions without consulting him. I get frustrated with him because he's sometimes too caught up in his own world and doesn't react quickly. But all in all I think we have a decent relationship. But also, we don't live together, so i assume thats also how we're such harmonious siblings lolYikes, which bad experience led you to think this?Interesting, thank you. 

I must point out, "society" as a concept is far too nuanced to simply categorize as valuing one thing.  Your society and my society must be very different, and I don't understand your references because they are inherently American. So if you say that is what America idealizes, I'd believe you because I wouldn't know any better (I am Chinese-Canadian.)

The important thing about considering "society" and the concept of extroversion is to consider the arbitrary definition each society *gives* to extroversion. In my culture--that is, Chinese-Canadianhood that probably does not apply to many--my society, which comprises of traditional elders and stricter parents and peers of similar familial hierarchy, much prefers bookish, intelligent children who strike a more ambiverted note. A child who is brazen, flippant, and rude can also be considered "extroverted" semantically, just as much as a child who runs student council and is always out due to community involvement.  And a cripplingly shy child can be accused of being too introverted. So I've seen both i/e being used in positive reinforcement and critique/scolding.

I mean, I've a general beef with the constant demonization of media and society because they're far too nuanced and complicated for me to be able to safely say "I can't stand it when it does x".  Because like all social concepts, they are large and complex and have variations even from house to house. If you consider yourself classically anti-hero and you feel like your perception of the relationship of yourself to others is really like that (intimidation at a distance), then I'd like to know more about your experiences. In what way are you the media ideal? In what way are you an antihero?( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)The NPs are by far the most active, followed by NJs.

In order there's variation, it's probably like INFP, INTP, ENTP, ENTJ, INFJ, INTJ, ENFP, ENFJ.

Ironic most of the introverted functions are more active to me.I agree, but the way Jung wrote about his own childhood is inherently feelery. He talked about feelings of loneliness and being too shy to engage with other children, preferring to go off and create his own world in the woods behind his house (I don't have the source right now, and this was some 6 years ago that I studied him). He also expresses an idealistic hope that all humans are constantly growing and striving for better, which strikes me as inherently NF.  I'll try to find the reading and link it here.

Lol my stepdad and one of my best friends is istj. If anything i find you guys the most elegant in terms of self control over expression, bc my experience is that istjs get *so excited* over what they love, but only in private with those they trust. Being welcome into the circle of an istj honestly feels so special."Does Anyone Ever"

usually followed by "Does Anyone Ever feel like x, y," or "do x while y", etc.  They're posts seeking relatability on multiple levels, from the shallowest thing like "tap their feet to music" to "cry when thinking about the future" LOLFair; I think I'm too used to the quieter subs that in comparison the INFP one seems too fast.Update: I found it.  Here's the first line in the book, which strikes me as *distinctly* feeler, especially the bolded line I've included below.

&gt;"MY LIFE is a story of the self-realization of the unconscious. Everything in the unconscious seeks outward manifestation, and the personality too desires to evolve out of its unconscious conditions and to experience itself as a whole. **I cannot employ the language of science to trace this process of growth in myself, for I cannot  experience myself as a scientific problem**."

This one shows me dominant Ni.

&gt;"Inner experiences also set their seal on the outward events that came my way and assumed importance for me in youth or later on. I early arrived at the insight that **when no answer comes from within** to the problems and complexities of life, they ultimately mean very little."


...Actually, the more I read, the more I kind of feel like he might be INFP, but I don't have time to do the whole reading now and draw guesses.

This is pulled from his autobiography *Memories, Dreams, Reflections*.  [Here is the pdf I found online](http://www.venerabilisopus.org/en/books-samael-aun-weor-gnostic-sacred-esoteric-spiritual/pdf/200/265_jung-carl-memories-dreams-reflections.pdf)In Canada, we have a mandatory class called "Civics/Careers", at least in my province.  It's a two-semester class that introduces 10th graders to... well, civics and careers!

For the careers portion, there was a LOT of testing.  OCEAN, StrengthsQuest, and MBTI were given to my class, so that's how I first discovered it.  I find all psychometrics equally fascinating and viable, though worth exploring with a grain of salt.My intuition is pretty demanding.  It's not "This is what I feel I should do because it is what I love and what makes me happy."

It's more like, "Do you want x to happen? Then do y."

Someone mentioned epiphany, and I agree.  It is always an epiphany.I laughed too hard at the NFJ onesI'm very bad at finding things in clutter.  I'm easily overwhelmed by sensation.  So I can't find ANYTHING in a haystack.  Even hay.  So I'll definitely need people to point out things to me XD**YOU'RE HERE**

HELLO

lol!  I have two questions for you, as you are currently the nominated speaker for ESFPs by virtue of being the only one on this thread:  one, how different do you feel from an ISFP?  and two, what are some stereotypes you feel like as an esfp you fit, and what are some you feel like are total bs?that is *wicked*.  Highfive fellow graphic designer!

I had to learn how to be like that.  Art school REALLY pushes N, don't you think?  We were always supposed to be conceptual, conceptual, conceptual, but really, the smartest students were the sensors who loved pure aesthetic but could *sell* the idea of a deeper meaning, even if it wasn't in the original intent of the work.

That looks *wicked*, wow.  [I've tried similar things](http://artofsophialuo.weebly.com/uploads/7/1/3/3/71332013/acid-rain-v2_orig.jpg) with watercolour, picking colours I like and just going with design principles (colour, value, negative space).  It's *really* relieving to go into Se-art mode.  

Hmm, why do you think there is a reluctance to start discussions? :OSee, the more ESFPs I talk to, the more I really like the type.  When I look at the description, it's daunting/intimidating, but meeting real people puts things so much more in perspective.

Thanks for all your insight!!!  I've only ever known ISFPs in real life and you're right--they don't get confrontational often, and there is definitely avoidance in rocking the boat.

Further questions:  So when you get bored, how would you describe it?  I have to say, I'm *never* bored.  I have too many hobbies and too much of a buzz to do things all the time.  If I'm bored, I... Idk, I feel like I haven't bored in *years*!  How do you experience boredom?

Other question:  How do you feel about the other Extroverted Sensors?  Do you feel a kinship? OOOH LET'S DO THIS, because I have inferior Se and there are bits where I understand exactly what you're saying.

In terms of exhausting the environment, I only have two states.  One, I also thrive in really bustling, murmuring areas--food courts, restaurants, coffee shops, bars, etc.  It actually helps me focus better if there is constant murmur, which is why I always put on something in the radio/tv/comp.  But there's a threshold for this, because if it goes beyond a certain level, I get *so tired*.  I can't *stand* clubs and throbbing music, I literally feel like I'm getting shovelled out.  And I do much better with absolute silence, too.  

For inferior Se, I'm the opposite; I can get so tunnel-visioned that I forget to eat, or drink, or get up and move.  I've gotten into the zen habit of staying still for hours at a time @_@  So I've been developing my Se by meditation, walking, exercising, etc, just to get in touch with my body.

It's fascinating that you describe it as suffocation!  Like, not that that's *good* lol, but that's really interesting.

I know what you mean by the "takes a moment".  I've noticed this in intuitives, too!  Except when you get a present intuitive, I'd argue it's even more intense, like a laser blast compared to the steady presence/intensity of SP.  And maybe ISTPs love you back, but they never say it ;D

Ok, so, for dominant Ni, I'm going to copy and paste something I wrote a while ago, because it's relevant to this and I'd just be repeating anyways.

&gt;"If i do this now, X will happen later" is a typical line of thinking for most Ni-users. If i get this done, i will have time for x later. If i say this to X, then x will do this. These predictions carry a level of certainty, absoluteness, as if you can truly envision what you imagine coming true.  Contrasting Ne, which is kind of like... brilliant?  "A-Z can happen! Look at all the possibilities!"  Ni is more like "...No, um, no.  X  will make Y happen, period." This certainty comes from Ni users' constantly fluctuating and alert processing of information, kind of like a firewall or antivirus that's ready to spring into action when changes take place in a computer. A Ni-user feels like they "know best" and can make accurate predictions by picking up on patterns and life narratives.

If you'd like another one, [here is a link to an answer to this exact question](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/5chl2t/what_is_the_ni_doms_inner_world_like/d9wxyuo/). Thanks for following links!!  This one's too lengthy for copypasta.

Ni is both concrete and magical.  Sometimes I don't know *why* I know things.  Or at least, I DO know, but I'm too tired to try and explain every finite detail I've noticed that's led me to a conclusion.  As a child I used to get so *incredibly* frustrated when people ran into the same problems over and over, because I could always see *why* they kept encountering the same thing (miscommunication, behaviour, resentment, etc), but no one would take my insight seriously because I was "little".  Developing Ni means that gut feeling you have about bad things happening or about what exactly to do in a situation--that feeling gets clearer and clearer, until it's like you *know* how things will turn out.  I imagine it's like getting better and better glasses, to see farther.

It's another kind of strengths/communication testing measures that ranks your top 5 types of social strengths.  We did the legit paid one :OLol hon maybe wait until I have time to answer your message on PM 8'D I work two jobs, and glance at reddit during lunch/break stuff.  So give me up til like 36 hours to respond to you at any given time, pls.No problem!  I just got yours, too.  Omg art share pls I really like your style too!  

Hey, the truth is, all art is good art as long as it's aesthetics.  That's what art is.  What I love about human minds is that we can derive meaning even from things made purely for aesthetics.  *That's* wicked cool.  Just like how I'm amazed when people can spin huge narratives just by cloud watching.  Like wtf?  I didn't think that cloud looked like a woman riding a phoenix fighting a serpent before, but *now* I do.

I feel you--largely what I benefitted from my program was that creative push.  It shoved me to think in ways I'd *never* think to, uh, think.  I mean, anyone can pick up an artistic medium and master it with enough practice, just like all crafts and skills.  But to be pushed to the point of creative exhaustion/demand is a very formative experience.

That DOES make sense, in that I am literally the opposite.  I am constantly thinking about everything at once, even if I seem rly low-key and chill.  My hands and mind are always busy.  Even when I sleep, I have vivid nightly dreams, so it's like... I'll rest when I'm dead 8'D  I think that's why people describe the SPs as chill, because y'all ARE chill, you know when it's appropriate to jump into action.

 Speaking of medium, I dabble in both [traditional painting](http://img06.deviantart.net/802b/i/2015/089/2/a/the_nest_by_sorelliena-d8gevyi.jpg) and [digital painting](http://orig05.deviantart.net/f04b/f/2015/268/a/8/a855f6797800458ba6fb1c35416571dd-d9awks1.jpg), and I'm comfortable in both.  [But I think the good ol' pen and paper are always reliable!](http://68.media.tumblr.com/00ff1f732a4e32228cf3073fe86315a5/tumblr_ofbwek44bV1rqhcueo8_1280.jpg)  

I'm an INFJ and I'm told that I destroy emotions :D  angst and heartbreak are my toys

My writing has two kinds: either Se-based sensory descriptions, lots of action and cool visuals.  Or, complete Ni/Fe stream-of-consciousness characters who are lucid and drawing huge philosophical conclusions.Teach me embarassment omg, I can't handle writing it at all!

Hmm, I think there's two key things about angst.  One, how much your reader is invested in your character.  Once you get to the point where you *know* the character is endearing and relatable and on the scale of "I must protect it" for the reader, that's prime time to slaughter. 8'D  And then, naturally, two is timing.  You have to have done enough exposition, and hopefully building relationships between the characters, because then it's time to make them tears fall.  Angst timing should be done somewhere near the middle of the story; near the beginning and you'll make the reader angst-dissonant, and near the end is just *depressing*.  

For example, maybe by three chapters in to a 20 chapter story, the reader should be *quite* familiar with the fact that my quiet female protagonist (who is an ENFJ, and one POV protagonist out of 8) is hyperaware of other people's feelings.  The readers have been in her head for a while.  They may even disagree with her actions--constantly saying "yes" to things, or stretching herself thin for certain characters who do not deserve it, or being almost weirdly hyper-vigilant about sad friends.  I don't mind if she isn't relatable at this moment, but I *do* mind if the reader finds her real enough.  You don't have to strive for a character to be likeable to all, but strive to make them *real*. These traits of hers will be done through subtle exposition; so, like, readers will *infer* these things about her through examples in-story of how she behaves around others, and not so much explicitly stated.  About chapter 5-9, that might be where I do explicit exposition on her backstory through another POV's eyes, and there you may find out that her mother committed suicide when she was very young, leaving her an orphan--and that has shaped her ever since.  That will explain all her previous actions:  why she is very careful with people who she thinks might be depressed, why she is very mature for a girl of 18, why she is alright with higher lengths of personal sacrifice, etc.  But she should carry on for the rest of the story still being herself; never thinking about this past trauma, because she is determined not to have it define her, yet the reader can now *see* this event pervading through everything she is.

Striking the best angst note is when your character is both likeable *and* determined.  I'm going to continue using this character; even though not all the readers may feel an affinity to her, or even like her the best, she should float somewhere higher on the "fondness" scale.  The best kind of angst I've found to affect even the most jaded of readers is to show that she tries her hardest in everything, has a *clear* line of morality beyond which you *cannot* push her (so she isn't completely spineless, and therefore dissonant), and that she cares hard, but she *still* runs into heartbreak and characters who may do her harm.  

and then there's romantic angst............ a whole other thread 8'D 

tl'dr angst is best done when your reader likes the character, and you drop that one thing that makes the reader go "nOOOO WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS TO MY BABY"
Haha the crossposter was being smart ;DEvery type gets lonely.  I think ENFP is just the most comfortable expressing it.yooooooo!!! YOUR ART IS AWESOME, that is so background worthy, I see why you use it that way! :D  I love how dreamy they are.  It's almost psychedelic!  yooooo.  Also excellent typography :D I'm very fond of the first (because it's very striking, I do love the unintentional skull--reminds me of the concept of memento mori) and the fifth (pastel!!! rainbows!!! yas!!!)

Hmmmm, if you ever want, I can pm you drawing prompts? :O Abstract art is *so much fun*.  Drawing prompts work like, I'll pick three random words (all visual-based, or emotive-based, like "fire" or "time"), and you have to synthesize these words into a drawing that marries each concept together.  Drawing prompts are fun for creative exercises and they're meant to be done relaxed, so no pressure to create a "beautiful thing".

Nothing is as daunting as a blank page 8') I agree with you, though.  I like being told what to draw.  Sometimes I look back on my work when I was like... [idk, 17,](http://pre13.deviantart.net/b2e5/th/pre/i/2014/292/4/2/technosapiens_by_sorelliena-d3j8g0a.jpg) and it was *so conceptual*, but I'm too old and tired to generate that kind of straightforward visual communication now.  lol I sound old af when I say this, but I'm only 23.............. college ages us 8')  nowadays I'm just left to sketching characters and brief manga panels, and I'm much more comfortable making illustrative commissions when the client tells me exactly what they want.  

I wish I could just *make art* for aesthetic reasons, but I have the opposite of your problem; I think I want to control my image too much (looooool intuition anyone) so even if I generate digitally, I'll still feel like there's x and y to fix.  Which defeats the zen purpose of making art, y'know?  So I may fiddle too much and the elegance of it is lost :(

Whoa!  Traffic designer!  What is that?  :O  Do you design roads/lights/signs?

Ohhh my god, social chameleoning... I feel you.  Do you ever walk away from an interaction filled with nervous sweating like... "was I natural enough?"  I think my natural state is like... always philosophical, spewing edgy bs in a cheerful yet clearly-existentially-borderline way XD but I've found it weirds people out, so chameleoning works better for me.  On the internet I'm more relaxed and I can be myself, because I don't have to read social cues like fidgeting, gaze, body language, etc.  Reading all that stuff can really put me on edge.





..............this is terrible of me to say but watching this conversation go on, I can't *help* but laugh and think "maaan what an archetypal conversation between entp and intj"I'm curious:  Do you see negativity as a constant state, or something that can be flipped into positive?  Not accusatory; genuinely want to hear your opinion, since I'm intrigued by what you said ("Problems that you can't solve make you feel bad, when you feel bad there is some touch of negativity.") Hmmm, I'd be careful with these generalizations.  You chance a slippery slope of prejudice if you categorize people of a certain mbti as "you people".  Stoic cool and arrogance are not interchangeable.   I know you're complimenting the ENTJ here but it kind of tastes like a spoonful of sugar and a spoonful of shit.  LOL

Actually, I've lived with an ENFJ for four years (she was my roommate and I loooooooove her) and I've observed this, too.  She's so... *intrinsic*.  Which is why I so admire ENFJs.  She always knew herself and knew *exactly* what she was feeling; it was nothing to do with Fi/Fe and all to do with just *feeling* in general, like emotions were always bare and clear to her.  

that being said, she was so much more interested in hearing other opinions, and she was very adept at *when* to share things about herself.  aaaaaa i just love enfjs 8'DLOL man I'm sorry I like looking through this thread at all the discussion so I keep replying to you! Because you have such interesting comments!!

Offering another anecdote:  I think gender plays into it.  My best friend is a female INTP with *very* developed Fe, since she lives in a family of feelers.  She's never resented it; I see a lot of T/F people who grow up in the opposite type family wilt (where T child is accused of not being emotional enough, thereby becoming insecure, and F child is constantly accused of being *too* emotional, thereby shutting down), but not her.  And I have, I think, decently-developed Ti, so we really appeal to each others' Aux.

We *never* have Ni/Ne clashes.  I don't think Ni/Ne *ever* clashes, lmao.  Because Ni is relatively relaxed compared to online descriptors and Ne actually needs anchorage.  So she'll give me a bajillion ideas to work with, and I'll help her decide which is the absolute *best one*.  There's a level of trust involved.  I trust her wacky ideas to be brilliant--and they are--and she trusts my judgement in making decisions.  

She's mentioned that she doesn't always get along with other INTPs, though, *because* their Fe isn't high enough.  Though she likes the same quirky ingenius of other INTPs, sometimes she also gets frustrated when they aren't cooperative or sensitive--particularly males who haven't been socialized enough.&gt;Chinese-Canadianhood that probably does not apply to many

*you are one of us* &gt;:D

and you're an infj, too!  Question.  What do you think being an INFJ has been like, being Chinese-Can?  I've noticed that I grew up around a lot of other CBC kids, and majority of them are STs--encouraged to be STs, too.  &gt; Alternatively, the outwardly-confident introvert is like a mystery-radiating magnet.

you taught me a thing.  i'm gonna try to be the thing.  thank u.

Your comments remind me of a post that went around a while ago, about how, if you want to seem more confident, you should set shoulders back, chin tilted down, eyes up, and think *"murder"*.May I ask you--wtf happened?  What do you mean, sensor purge? D:One thing I've noticed about Se mains is that they're really... hmm.  Chill?

By chill, I mean, when you're around them, their "spirit" is quiet.  Does that make sense?  I feel like as an intuitive type you might get my vague wording.  Whenever i'm around other intuitives, I can tell they're *thinking*.  All the time.  There's just *stuff* going on in their head, and I appreciate that because it's mysterious and interesting. 

But sensor friends--especially Se friends--are SO in-the-moment.  You know their minds are tuned into the actual world, not their own world.  Si friends I've noticed get deep-in-thought as they remember things, but are just as tuned as Se.  In contrast, a stressed Se-main genuinely looks stressed out having to think about too much at once.  I've never seen an intuitive stressed out by thinking too much (unless it's for stuff like school, assignments, big projects at work--task-related stuff).  we want u to be happy that's why :)agreed!  and thanks for the clarification.  I think Singapore is particularly T-focused, from anecdotes of friends who have come from there.  Have you ever been discouraged from traditionally NF jobs, such as counselling, arts, etc?I do agree with categorization for ease, but I've personally gone that bad slippery slope 8'D  studied too much mbti, grown averse to type behaviour I disliked, then prejudged people too early.  Hence why I pipped up.

Have you looked at socionics or enneagram?  Just as interesting as mbti, with equal merit (as in, it's cool for self-discovery and interesting people watching, but not very scientific).!! That's so funny! And great.  I'm glad you're going the path of teaching :D  I think a lot of asian parents are just really, really financially nervous.  For the fact that we're stereotypically good at math (lol), I find most Chinese people aren't *good* at growing their money in easier ways, like investments or banking or w/ev.  So parents always want us to just have a high-paying job to offset money troubles, rather than having a decent-paying job and knowing how to spend smartly.

What do you want to teach?  I ask because I work two jobs, one of which is a private tutor, and I'm mainly an English (writing/grammar/comprehension) and French (immersion) tutor.  :D  I love teaching languages to kids because it's concrete, kind of like math, where you can see them improve and there are rules to follow.&gt;accusing someone you don't know of being wrong about their personality is pretty wrong

I like the way you put it.  There was a similar thing on the INFJ forums :( lots of people accusing and shutting down arguments because there are some who really resent the flood of "fake infjs", typically infps.  It kinda sucks since the whole point is to get whole perspectives, even if it isn't "our own" (as if mbti *really* grouped like-minded people together, lol).  &gt;Also, generalization vaporize once you get to know someone on a personal level, overall no harm done  

I like that you do that.  A lot of people never vaporize those generalizations 8') why humans why

do you think there's a lot of merit in mbti?  has it helped you figure people out?&gt;tends to value introversion towards extroversion

Sorry, could you clarify this?

&gt;making a very general claim that I think applies to most members of this sub

Hmm, I'll have to fundamentally disagree again.  Without knowing the cultural context of "most members of this sub", it's rather fallacious to assume that a general claim can apply to any number of people reading this.  Out of curiosity, where *are* you from?  I'm surprised you made such American references in your previous post.  

I'm glad you have a clear perception of yourself, and I trust your objectivity when you describe yourself this way.  However, this is not something that *just* happens to moody anti-hero-type people.  Media romanticizes anything negative without showing the actual detriments of interacting with a person who is similar to a negative, anti-social trope (anti-social here meaning someone who generally avoids social interaction, and not the psychological illness).  

If I give you my anecdote, I'm a stereotypically "dreamy/moody artist".  I have equal parts people in my vicinity who are attracted and magnetised to me, and equal parts people who judge me immediately as this trope and dismiss my individuality.  I do not think there is an overarching societal "theme" that dictates when this magnetization/rejection happens, rather it varies from community to community, person to person.  In my school life it has been widely celebrated; in work life, I am constantly encouraged to be more social by my peers.

I don't think it's so much society devaluing negative emotions as it is people in general *disliking* negativity.  I certainly don't like negativity, so I've tried to catch myself in moments when I am being overly dramatic or affective to the people around me.  (lol Fe)  There's a lot of nuance in social interaction that "society" simply cannot monitor or generalize.
It's an interesting experience!  I highly recommend it :DCould you explain conjugate functions to me?  I've seen you use it in other comments but I'm a little confused.

What mbti is your dad?

Also can I register you as a friend? :D  I like having conversations with you, your perspectives are very refreshing for me.

Reconsidering gender?  Do you mind me asking--are you considering transition?  Gender discussions are *so* interesting.  

It was the discovery of a Ni-Ti loop that *really* got me into believing I was an INFJ.  I think it's interesting because a lot of people have claimed people mistype as INFJ because they *want* to be rare.  I remember when I first got the INFJ type, I was sixteen, and doing it officially in school.  And when I was reading the portrait, I resonated *so much* with it, but IMMEDIATELY started to doubt myself when I read it was, what, 3% of the population?  Because I was like......... ok, but if it's THAT rare, what are the chances of it being me?  So I kept trying to make sure, see if I was INFP or INTJ or even, sometimes on fluke tests, ENTJ XD  But I do not loop ANYTHING like the above, and I'm clearly a Ti, *not* a Te.  Understanding functions rather than using the J/P dichotomy scale has helped a lot!LOL GRAPHIC DESIGNER HAHAHAH  High five, fellow graphic designer!  We are slaves to our Adobe masters 8'D

Yoooooo in high def that new work is SO immaculate.  There's so many threads of colours.  I notice you have RGB and Magenta.  Maybe one of the other CMYK colours to balance?  Yellow?  Idk :D

I feel like my art process is like.... 

- Blank page
- What do
- Ok let's give this a shot I know how to draw this line and this thing
- Ok it's looking good, my lines are solid, my composition is sound
- What is colour
- -doodle doodle doodle-
- Oh Shit That's Nice Boi

XD

I'm in that kind of job too!  Advertisement printing.  So we're given raw files all the time and we have to deal with arrangements for frame sizes.  I really like the modular style of this kind of work; it's not too demanding, and I also get given in-company design tasks for posters for holidays, etc :D  

I've more questions for you, since I really enjoy this conversation right now (:D).  As an ISFP, have you ever clashed with other IxxP types?  or other SF types?
Ni: "If I jump from this ledge, I am going to land on my ankle and twist it. That will impact my ability to walk, and it may lead to further troubles that I'd rather not think about.  So I should probably not jump and take the safe way down."

Ne: "If I jump from this ledge, I might land here, here, or here. Or, I might slide all the way to the bottom, or I might go too far and roll down the hill.  Hmm, what'll happen after each of those events?"

Ni is an arrow shot true where the only issue is if it misses the mark. Ne is a branching stream where your only issue is never being able to find out where each stream goes.  These are loose examples. I find Ni energy-conservant and stereotypically mystical but generalistic, whereas Ne is a little exhausting but also very exciting and wondrous. Ni tends to weigh things on a scale of likely to unlikely AND favourable vs unfavourable at the same time, whereas Ne sees *everything* as likely and is trying to pick its favourite.
&gt;Usually has a manifestation of anxiety but depression is hopelessness it seems whereas Ne is helplessness.

This blows my mind with how accurate it is holy shitLol this entj is not upset or frustrated. Genuinely asking you questions to get more context.

I'm asking now for the same reason. The gender and ages of the istjs you're talking about,and their relationship to you, please. You clearly have long-standing issues with multiple ISTJ people and frankly,  since this type is one of the most common, it's no good to generalize mbti things. I know that Ni-Ti and weak Si when I see it; be wary of growing prejudiced against a certain type due to personal experience.  You're clearly seeking answers on this thread, though, so power to you.My stepfather is an ISTJ. Distant, a little blunt, but I love and respect him. Totally giggly and cuddly around my ESTP mom. He has a surprisingly hilarious humor once *I* relaxed and stopped being hung up about social contentions. He used to loosely comment on my weight and that would *kill* me, but after I went up and just told him that the way he talked to me was fucking up my mental health, he stopped. And never did it again.  Bless that strong Si lol Edit: to clarify, he's admitted to me he would talk abt my weight because he wanted to motivate me into losing it. I can accept his good intentions even if his methods weren't ideal for a sensitive child like me.

My supervisor is an ISTJ who takes great pride in efficiency. He has never raised his voice to anyone, and knows to praise me when I'm insecure. Because I work hard and am very communicative, I've seen rly nice aspects of him.  That hilarious humor is there too.  Many people at my new company have asked me what he's like, expecting some scary whip master lol. I always surprise them by saying how kind he is, because I understand that he's very protective of us in his department, even though he can be quietly intimidating. I feel a bit anxious around him but that is a mixture between his STJ pressure and the fact he's my superior.

One of my best girl friends is an ISTJ. Since she is female she's been raised to be more aware of others feelings. She's always secretly and not-so-secretly annoyed by everything. We get along amazingly. She can rant to me about stupid shit people have done and I can trust in her and have Real Talks when I'm depressed. She is very protective of me; all stjs, I've found, are very protective. But she and our mutual INFP friend used to clash terribly in highschool, largely because she'd say things straightforwardly and INFP would get moody/offended.  Even though I'm a feeler too, I've never been offended by her communication tactic bc i see her point of view: When things are inefficient, annoying, or generally out of place (gotta love that Si-Te lmao) she wants to speak up bc it's genuinely frustrating and communication leads to positive change (in her mind).

...look, being an INFJ is not fun. You want to be polite but secretly butthurt about the slightest perceived disharmony--pair that with an ST's intrinsic straightforwardness and there's bound to be friction. The key is to communicate that discomfort in a non-confrontational, honest way. If they respond immaturely then it's time to drop them!CRAP I thought I answered this. Gonna flag it and remember to answer it in the morning amg it's been 6 daysOh god I missed this message in the onslaught from last week, would love to continue.  What kind of publishing jobs are you looking at? (Magazine, book, etc)Si acts more like "Remember that time you jumped from a ledge and broke your leg?"

Ni doesn't tend to categorize memories and apply them to present; it takes in current info, makes a conclusion, and "submits" it as truth even if the user has never experienced it before.One, I realize my example can be interpreted as this, so thank you for arguing your point.  Clarity is always important in distinguishing functions.

Two, this still doesn't apply to Ni.  I wouldn't need to have had an experience breaking my leg to realize that jumping off a ledge can result in leg-breaking.  Even if the chance is small, Ni will tell me that it *is* a viable chance, and a *likely* one, so I will avoid it to best maximize my wellbeing.

If you want another example of Ni, (which is still negative lol sorry), say two people break up and everyone is surprised but me.  I'm not surprised bc A) I will have been categorizing their conversation styles to each other and picking up any aspect of disrespect/miscommunication (Fe/Te).  When the result occurs, I will not be surprised because my Ni databank, which has seen general *patterns* like this (aka miscommunication leading to frustration leading to either relationship growth or decay), will draw the conclusion that this event ends the same pattern way.

In contrast, Si doesn't care so much about the future.  It's about keeping things the familiar-same.  Si is subjective and coloured with emotion, whereas Ni is not.  Si would be disappointed that the couple broke up bc Si wants happy marriages and warm relationships; Ni is unsurprised and projective.  I personally admire Si because I've seen Si users be very firm about their convictions (especially Fi-Si combos) and very rich in language, whereas with Ni, I know personally that I'm accused of being "aloof" when I verbalize conclusions, whether they are happy or sad.yesss, exactly--and of COURSE we can be wrong, on both times LOL
&gt;Ni-doms need not have actually done "the thing" to talk about "the thing." In fact, they will very often get frustrated if you discredit their ideas in favor of another person's who has actually "lived" the idea.

Ding ding dingNon-mbti related: start by practicing by imitation.

People condemn copying all the time; but copying is different semantically from plagiarism.  You like a drawing? Print and trace and pay close attention to how the artist draws/colours. You like music? Play it and see if you can imitate its pattern/chording to make another song. You like writing? Try a short story in the style of x author.

The key is, when you're practicing, you keep those works private. You should not claim ownership or even publish them--unless you cite and source; like all good academia, creative ownership requires respect and responsibility.

Plus you have to practice. You don't *get* creative overnight. I've been drawing since third grade and am now a full-time graphic designer. I've churned out at least a doodle a day--it's like working out, or speaking a language. Skills don't grow in the vacuum 👍 plus, you're not impressed by your own creations because you have high standards already, without necessarily having the practiced skill to achieve them.  Think a person trying to lose or gain weight who is perpetually down on themselves bc they're not yet at their ideal body, or something. Patience and self-encouragement go a long way.woe is me?  LMAO WHOA IS ME tripped me up for a bit, I thought you were referring to incredulous posts of self-discovery, like, "WHOA! I'm an INFJ!"

I technically agree with everything you say in theory, but I crumble when people are sad.  That empathy kicks in like Terry Crews on an Old Spice commercial.As an INFJ, I say it's only healthy INFJ behaviour when you question who you are all the time :D

Lol but seriously, the endless search of self-discovery and the Ti need for accuracy is insane.  I've typed as INFJ on the official test and ALL online tests and STILL question if sometimes I'm an INTJ or ISFJ.  Hold up the phone wtf.

Firstly your mom doesn't sound like a mature person with this discussion.

Secondly, have you met mature FiTe?  Compassionate people with principles and drive to help others.  TiFe, on the dark side, is extremely complacent, or extremely stubborn.  "I am right, therefore I will exert social pressure until YOU DO what I SAY."

Don't fall into the rabbit hole of being prejudiced towards other mbti.  Like all prejudice, it will bar you from positive experiences and human observation.Yes and no.

I find that functions help *me* determine how *I* think and deal with things.  Learning about Ni-Fe-Ti-Se has opened my eyes to my habits and tics.

However, if I'm trying to accurately type others, especially if I'm not sure if they're F/T, I check the dichotomy continuum.

I/E, I'm trying to figure out if someone is ENTJ or ESTJ (I get these confused often, as Ni is *very* hard to sniff out).  I'll ask myself: if they were introverted, would they be more like the stable, dedicated ISTJ, or the mile-a-minute thinker INTJ?  That helps me clue in on what type people are.  I know my mother is definitely an ESTP and not an ESFP, because if she were introverted, no way in hell is she the laid-back sweet and artistic ISFP, lol.  My answer was in jest. I know the difference, but when that Fe turns off, I'm left quite cold and robotic with only Ni and Ti to serve me. I'm definitely not an isfj but the intj one is where it gets blurry.&gt;The reason an Fi user doesn't automatically start nodding along with you when you complain about your asshole boss, is that part of their mind is being partitioned to simulate the boss' perspective. Fi assumes no one is 100% an asshole; it fills in informational gaps with optimistic hypotheses

This sounds more like Fe to me; the ability to see through the lens of others.
You sound like an INTP to me.  

Ti for your own categorical system. Ne is shut off. You sound depressed. Depressed INTPs tend to lose the ability to think of the bright possibilities of the future.
Si because naturally follows the stack of intp fuctions.
You're definitely inferior Fe to me. Your positive memories are associated with people. And a feeling of pointlessness when talking to others is very inferior Fe.  

[Try this profile description.](http://personalityjunkie.com/the-intp/)INFJ 1w2. Honestly I'm closer to my tritype 8. I need a feeling of having some sort of power, and usually that power lies in wisdom and self-control.Whoever wrote this clearly has no idea what Quebec is like lmaoMy inner space is like that dark meditative room where Eleven goes in Stranger Things when she's shoved into the sensory deprivation chamber.

Around me lies inanimate objects that come to life if I call on them.  These are memories. 

Menacing me are animate objects over which I have no control. These are traumas.

But I'm mostly preoccuped with what enters into this space, particularly when im engaged in the outside world. And that is almost all the time.  External things occur in my space as abstract sensations, almost like synesthesia.  Like chromatic lights, colouring the darkness. If someone is talking to me, their intent appears like a swirl of colours and four dimensional shapes, and I'm tense as I try to pick apart what they say.  If someone comes to me distressed, I am rapidly yanked out of this tranquil space and into theirs.  Literally. My goal is to get them into my space? Its hard to explain, but, like, if someone is Real Talking, I feel our spaces merge. My quiet and brilliant void gets dyed with colours of other people.  And they leave nice inanimate objects behind, like souvenirs of fondness.
I told my ESTP mother something my stepfather did that really upset me this morning on our carpool drive to work. I was hoping to get some of her advice on how to not be upset about this, or at least just to vent it off my chest. Literally not 17 seconds later, when he phoned us for his usual good morning routine, she began to blab and joke about what I said *directly to him.*

23F. Oh the fury that rose in me then.

On a side note, in general I hate people introducing me. Absolutely hate it. I'd much rather introduce myself. Then I have some semblance of control over how other people perceive me, rather than having to correct a prejudice from a random fact they might know about me.You actually strike me as an ISTP.

Ti-Se-Ni-Fe.

You're definitely not an infj, lol. 

The reason why I say this is bc you mentioned how you notice something and suddenly slowly find evidence. That sounds like Ni, but is also really poor--Ni is usually *lightning quick* with these sorts of epiphanies. Hence why ISTP, with Ni in third (childlike) position.

Thinking without words is very normal, but if i were to venture it, I'd say rather than you thinking without words, its more like you think *with* total abstraction. Do your thoughts link with random patterns and concepts that just make sense to you?  That might be Dominant Ti.  Ti-doms have almost the hardest time describing what their inner world is like because it makes sense to them, yet they're aware this wont make sense to others.

And being afraid of other people judging you; if that impacts your self esteem, that strikes me as Fe.

http://personalityjunkie.com/istp-type-profile/

Quick note: for some reason all profiles tend to sa Intp and Istp are super focused and driven workaholics?? All the ones I know are beautifully lazy tho lol. Like, lazy bc they wanna enjoy something, not just lazy out of spite.You strike me as a mature INTJ. Age be damned.xNTP. I'm leaning towards ENTP. Ooookay here we go, thanks for your patience, I went to bed so I'm glad you messaged me so I could elaborate.  Most of this is my articulating and expanding on your observations, especially with my experiences as an INFJ.

&gt;The INTJ are a bit more analytical and technical, the INFJ are a little more artistic and poetic (I'm a singer and composer, so I think INFJ)

Lies and deceit.  All the INTJ I know are just as artistic and creative as I am.  Just because INTJ are more technical/hierarchical *thinkers*, does not mean they cannot be free-spirited and creative.  I'll fight anyone who says INTJ can't be artistic.  :D

&gt;The INTJ are a little more oriented to their careers, the INFJ are a little more oriented to their Relationships (point for INTJ, I always think of how to be better, and how to overcome others who do the same, I don't like meeting with people except if I see a specific benefit to me: for example "learn why he is so happy, Learn why he is so capable in socializing ", etc.)

You are very right here.  I do not socialize for the sake of benefit.  In fact, part of the reason why I tend to avoid workplace socialization is because I'd prefer to have an authentic one-on-one bond with someone, rather than "What can this person do for me?"  And I'm relatively off-put by conversations where I know the other person is thinking, "What can you do for me?"  XD Not that I dislike people who do that, as I see the merit and actual harmlessness of it, but it's not an INFJ cup of tea to network for the sake of advancement.

&gt;When friends have problems, INTJs seek to fix others' problems and tell them how to solve them, don't want to hear the same problems again. INFJs feel more the emotions of others and usually give advice (point for INTJ)

This I must argue with you.  I also seek to fix others' problems and tell them how to solve it, and not want to hear it again.  I think this is a Ni thing.  The one distinguishable trait:  When people come to you in distress, are you immediately tense and sympathetic?  That is a typical INFJ reaction--someone who is sad will definitely make you sad, not because you're annoyed at them, but because you genuinely feel how distressed they are and want to alleviate it.  My desire to fix their problems is based on trying to help them *not* fall into that pit of despair again, because I am unhappy that they are unhappy.

&gt;INTJs make decisions first on how they can be more efficient and then on how that affects people, INFJs make decisions first by thinking about how it affects people and then how can it be more efficient (point for INTJ)

Ding ding ding.  I don't care if it's slightly more inefficient if everyone involved can be harmonious.

&gt;INTJs are more direct and use fewer facial expressions, when INFJs use more metaphors and gestures to express themselves (point for INTJ, I am a disaster trying to express myself)

Hella ding.  I know INFJ who are bad at self-expression but it only comes with lack of practice, or anxiety.  Majority of the INTJ I know have to think *forever* before being able to respond in the way most "accurate" to what they think; hence why INTJs function much better on the internet, where words can be edited and reread and "approved" before sending out.  

&gt;INTJs are less patient with people and do not like them so much, INFJs, within normal in introverts, they like to talk, and they listen well to others (I do not listen well to others, but sometimes I become extremely social, but it depends, so I do not know).

Introversion/Extroversion is not about sociability.  I am a social introvert; I crave human connection and I genuinely like to be with certain people.  I love talking, but I also love listening.  I've met many an INxx who are like this; just because we're oriented introvert for our Dom function does *not* mean we dislike people as a whole.
That being said, I *have* seen a general impatience with people from xNTJs.  It's the Te.  You already know what is efficient because you've thought it a million times; when people go on and on and on about trivial shit that gets in the way of productivity, of *course* it's frustrating.  Hence xNTJ "impatience", or, as an extreme example in the workplace, the intimidating coworker who answers in short responses that almost border sarcasm, yet have *just* enough humor that no one thinks they're too big of an asshole.

&gt;It is easier for INTJs to put their strategies and thoughts into action, they can return tangible. INFJs find it hard to take their abstract ideas and make them reality. have some problems in translating what they think of directly. (I'm Ni, so I have a hard time putting ideas into practice, so I do not know)

I'm not sure where this stereotype comes from.  I've seen plenty of INTJs who are kings and queens of procrastination, and lots of INFJs who are always get-shit-done types.  I am a get-shit-done type, as is my INFJ boyfriend.  I agree with you in that it's a Ni thing, but I also think that productivity and idea-execution is practiced, and not really MBTI dependent.  If I had to really distinguish, it's more like, INTJs have a *certainty* to their strategies and ideas, because Te.  Whereas INFJ have a *humaneness* to their strategies and ideas.  Think military commander versus HR manager.

&gt;INTJ are more interested in their strategies and thoughts, only interested in another people if that benefits in some way as a relationship; Friendship, courtship. The INFJs are interested in learning from and understanding people. (Clearly INTJ)

Ding again. 

&gt;I read that INFJ young men are often mistyped by INTJs. (I am male 22, so point for INFJ)
 
I agree, because most of the time Fe is repressed in boys :(  But here's the thing, you CAN be a compassionate, caring INTJ.  There's no 'rule' saying Thinkers Can't Feel.  I see this weirdly enough all over the place, like, especially IN thinker communities.  No Feeler community ever ridicules those who say they're strategic and cerebral and logical, but Thinker communities often sink into "hahahaha who needs feelings".  Tread carefully.

&gt;I feel that I am too soft to be INTJ, and too tough to be INFJ. Does anyone give me their opinion or help me solve this?

INTJs are just as sensitive and caring as INFJs.  It's just expressed differently.  

Now, my question:  Which one do you really resonate with?  It wasn't expressed in your original post which MBTI you are--did you type AS INFJ, and are now questioning if you're really INTJ?


If an INFJ is ending a conversation you can bet your beautiful booty that we're trying to get awayyyyyyyy.

Not all conversations are enjoyable, lol.  I won't defend INFJ being boring or not--I find certain people boring as hell, and vice versa.  But I won't say they're boring people, because different cups of tea for different people, right?

Ni can predict the future.  I don't have to have experienced something to know what the outcome might be.  This is why they call it "psychic wisdom", when to me it's just common sense.  

For example:  Do I have to touch a hot stove to know that I'll be burned?  Hell no.  As a young kid I used to think it *absolutely absurd* when parents had to EXPLICITLY teach my friends this rule.  In my mind as a youngun:  WTF?  Do you not see the element turning red?  Do you not see how oil starts BUBBLING in the pan?  Do you not see how MEAT COOKS?  Why did you *need* mom and dad to tell you not to do something so obvious?!?!?!

I love devil's advocates, tho :D Ne is great because sometimes Ni is so tunnel-visioned.  It's got an "I know I'm right" and "I told you so" quality to it.  Ne is like "but possiBILIITIES" and that gets me out of my one-track mind.



My stepsister is 21, and an ISTP, but she swings on a crazy pendulum all the time.  Every time I make her do Keys to Cognition, she gets almost 0 use on some functions (Ni and Ne).  

My brother is 16, recently typed as INTJ.  I think he's mistyped; I *swear* he's an INFJ.  He used to be so anxious when we were kids about keeping peace, and making sure everyone was happy.  I do XD I just didn't know what else to talk about.  Sure.  Pm'd.Depends on the INXJ :)

INFJ = tilt them around gently, with respect, and you'll see lots of open mindedness.

INTJ = tilt them around firmly and don't react when they get cold.  They're just thinking.Oooookay, there's a lot to digest, sorry my comment was a wall of text XD I'd love to chat with you more on this, I like the way you converse.  I'm going to be answering from bottom to top for the sake of scrolling.

1. *Please* tell me your music is on somewhere.  I also love music, and sing casually (have been in choir since wee babbyhood, then progressed to second violin in an orchestra, and now in the void of adulthood i jam with my ukulele and piano).  I'm amazed you were writing songs since age 5!!! Did you do it with a basic understanding of chords, or?

2. I agree with you, but I think that it's not just INFJ, but it's an INxJ thing to feel isolated.  I don't fit the bill for this, actually; I know who I am, and though I don't know how I feel a lot of the times, I know my moral code and I know how much I care about the people around me, and I know what I'm passionate about.  I have found people *like* me, but I genuinely have never found any two people who are 100% the same, so I take comfort in the feeling of "no one is like me", because I genuinely believe that it's *impossible* for anyone to be like anyone else.

I did sleep, thanks; I'm GMT -5, so it's the end of the workday for me now.

The INTJ mbti sub is... sometimes not the healthiest place to go.  Emotions are a part of human experience, and to deny it is pretty scary to me.  It's like anyone who denies logical reasoning and, y'know, arguing for "I feel like x!!!" all the time.  Both extremes are unnerving.  

To help you with figuring out which one you might be, I highly encourage you to look at [Dominant-Tertiary looping behaviours listed in this site](http://mbti-notes.tumblr.com/post/133090287772/accurate-typing-tertiary-temptation).  This helped me GREATLY in differentiating between myself and INFP.  I have no Si at all, lmao.

&gt;In what way do you like to learn from people?

I like experiences with any person.  Even the most painful ones, abusive ones, unhealthy ones--I feel like every person serves as a lesson in my life, as I serve as a lesson for others as well.  I am greedy, incessantly thirsty for knowledge, and when every experience serves as knowledge, I'm pretty content.  I like knowing how people interact, what are the best ways to do it, how to say what I mean rather than say what I think is socially acceptable, etc.  I'm also very attracted to grief; how people deal with grief, loss, if they heal... or if they don't.  Watching people's interactions gives me extreme satisfaction.

&gt;I would love a relationship with a person who serves me to improve and also I would like me to serve her in some way. I would love that everything has meaning and not just "having fun ". And of course I would love her genuinely.

baaaaAAAWWW.  As someone in a long-term relationship, you are on the right track.

&gt;LOL yes. Is not that something that happens to the INFJ as well?

What I've noticed in the difference in INFJ and INTJ responses is--INTJs have more time to be *precise*, while INFJs have more time to be *appealing*.  It's commonly known phenomena that an INFJ will edit or delete posts?  And I feel that on a spiritual level, lol.  Because I worry often if what I've said will be upsetting, or interpreted in a bad way; I can't handle negative backlash well, so I may edit and edit until I feel like what I've said truly conveys my good intent, rather than coming off inaccurate.  Whereas an INTJ might not care, because they're alright with rising to the challenge of an internet stranger.  I'm too squishy for that XD

&gt;I wrote that I prefer efficiency, but to be honest, I have doubts about how efficiency is contrary to harmony. Can you think of an example?

Hmmm, for example, at work, my ISTJ supervisor is *Very* Te-Si.  Like I typed him the DAY I met him, and he has been consistent (good ol' ISTJ consistency eh).  He's quite protective of me because I'm new and I work hard (;u;) but I hear him talk to others like... okay, for instance, one girl designed a poster and there were TONNES of layers in her file, which all could have been compressed into one or two layers for easier grouping.  So he asked her, "Why would you do this?  This isn't the quickest way.  This isn't the best way.  Merge your layers and try again."  Whereas I might treat the situation like... "Oh, I see, this is how  you went about it.  Ok, how about we merge the layers together and see if the file will reduce in size?"  

It's a clue in the use of language.  I don't think he's wrong for pointing out what he does, because he's *right.*  Her way WAS inefficient and WILL cost time.  He just sounds accusatory to someone sensitive.  Whereas the way I would have approached it is... uh... squishier?  

&gt;But I can't go and just say "hello! How are you?" without a meaning. I feel it's very empty. To feel full in socializing that has to benefit me in personal growth of some kind. That includes improving my social skills or feeling well. And so I can feel good about asking questions like "how are you?"

Interestingly, I'm the opposite.  I actually enjoy small talk, because I know it's social cushioning that will lead to RealTalk later.  But that's also why I might withdraw in social situations, because RealTalk is just... normal talk for me, haha.  Sometimes I don't want to engage because I don't have the resources to befriend yet another person.

ok I'm ending this here because it's looooong again, talk to you soon!



Spiritual gemstone tarot witch lady? And an INFJ. Ah crap, I'm the stereotype.If you invited me to a party, make sure you engage with ME the whole time.

Aka, you show her you are courteous and caring in a new and loud social setting, and she will respond well. She already said yes to the invitation; if she's aware of your intent to date, then great!Might be an ESFP!Yo rice is a staple food in my culture. Try to wrench away pure white cooked rice from the hands of a Chinese person. *Try.*

😂 in jest, I agree with everything you say.Due to seeing ghosts when i was little, I've always had an affinity for the occult. I have been reading tarot cards for 11 years now. They guide my life and I see their imagery everywhere. Swords, cups, wands, and pentacles (coins) show up when i dont expect them. See, im this weird kind of spiritualist in that I grew up skeptical of everything, and somehow this *stuff* keeps symbolically repeating in my life too often for me to ignore it.    

Oh if anyone wants a reading, PM me. But I can only offer one per person; an older psychic warned me that if I give out too much for no return, I'll exhaust myself. 😂 if that ain't mbti related lmao

So I've been into tarot 5ever, but rcently I got into stones and healing, and have found some *really* eerie things coming true. Like I'd meditate with this fluorite stone and I recently discovered it has developed cracks all over, despite me keeping it out of sunlight and humidity fluctuations and keeping it on a velvet swath.  I buy stones bc, idk, they feel *right* in my hand, against my skin. Like their weight and coolness and texture grounds me and reminds me to breathe. The fluorite was a favourite and I was *suuuper* disheartened to see it crack!!

When I googled why, it turns out fluorite is a very... self-sacrificing stone. It absorbs negative energy at the expense of itself, and may completely shatter eventually if not cleansed (Or, as now I'd like to call it, the Stone of Extroverted Feeling 😂😂😂). Once I placed it in a nest of clear quartzes a few weeks ago, it... stopped cracking.  Like not a single new crack since!  I have photos of it!! Bizarre!! I'm always like... WHERE is the science behind this magic??? It's amazing regardless but I'm so excited by the thought there's a quantifiable explanation.

I am always so fascinated and humbled by theistic religion, though. I know there is so much negativity associated with theism, but I admire and envy people who have a relationship to God. I always feel alone, in tune with the earth, which is nice in its own way, but i wonder what it's like to wholeheartedly feel sure that there is some loving higher power watching out for me.Further proof there is a portmanteau for everythingLol not so much awk as I work two jobs and both demand heavy cognition and sometimes I can't Ni my way into Feeling at the end of the day:( that sucks. I'm sorry but i also think that all relationships can change for the better so long as all parties are willing.

I feel lucky to be a female feeler since there's no social pressure for me to be the "right" version of feminine. My thinking sister ironically gets along better with me than our parents; she's a bit cold and rude and stubborn sometimes, but i can appreciate when she's warm and sweet too. My parents actually have gotten so used to my squishiness that sometimes they're not sure how to deal with her!Huh! Did it lead to weird romantic episodes?No shame.  I've had the opposite.  I'll meet thinkers who treat me straightforwardly and I'll *agonize* over whether or not they hate me.  Lmao I needed to chill.I second this.  My grandmother is an INFP--I had her take the test last night to finally confirm; I thought she was ENFP because she's VERY social, and always thinks about other people, plus she's a scientist so that Ne was really striking, but once we were looking at the profiles she was VERY clear about being INFP ("This one *is* me, ruya!  It's exactly me!").  She has always been very unhealthy; she's been diagnosed with OCD since young adulthood and her relationship with my mother is very abusive.  Now when we live with her, she's hyper-nice to me, but always says things like, "Well, *I* always love people so hard, and no one gives me the same love back."

It's frightening, because it's not unconditional.  She uses feelings and generosity as weapons.  Doesn't matter if you don't need her help; she'll force it down your throat and rattle against you if you're not grateful enough.  Unhealthy Fi is so scary.&gt;she was sometimes berated for not being tough enough to give as good as she got and for not being able to get over it when her feelings were hurt

Yeah, this kind of thing is insidious and leads to such catastrophic problems.  It leads to identity issues, depression, anxiety, all *sorts* of preventable crap that could ruin someone's life.  And it's *completely preventable*.  The family just has to accept the person and be a bit more protective rather than critical.  But nope.

I've seen this, too.  I actually have a theory that Thinkers who grow up in Feeling families mature much quicker, in a good way, because they're forced to acknowledge feelings and social conventions--which prepares them for society.  Whereas Feelers who grow up in Thinking families might have an advantage over other Feelers in being more disciplined, clear-cut, emotionally articulate (rather than always overwhelmed), but also run that risk of being constantly ridiculed/put down for emotions.  Which is quite toxic.

Really?  Interesting.  I'm pretty sure my grandfather is an ESFJ/P and I agree, he seems to forgive and forget a lot.  But my cousin, an ISFJ, is pretty salty about everything hahaha

For me, I can forgive and forget, but if the same kind of recurring disrespect and overlooking of my pleas for communication happens on a regular basis, forgiving becomes *very* difficult because I'm constantly reminded of the last time they did this to me.  I wonder if it's the fact that Si is my 8th function, but I do not do well with recalling past events because they all tend to be negative.  &gt;Personally I don't think growing up with an 'incompatible' family means it will suck, it just means you don't get the easy route and the long term growth and benefits from it outweigh the short run pain personally. 

I agree.  I also think that having these conflicts with them better gears you to have these conflicts with people outside of the family eventually.  And when it's family, you can really tough it out, no hard feelings, because it's "family" at the end of the day, whereas conflict outside is more troublesome because that can lead to long-term consequences.LOL Funny you should say that, because my family *really wants* me to join in on a lot of things, but I'm the one who often retreats and hides in my room!  

I've seen it, though, the xNTP brand of holing up.  Yours is a different breed of introversion, which I think puts off anyone who doesn't realize that you're not doing it because you hate interaction--just that you need to recharge.

Loveable asshole lmao, I think it's good they see you with your friends.  It really puts into perspective who you are as a person in society.  Sometimes family gets so tunnel-visioned.

What's it like to have an INFJ soon-to-be parent?  I'm curious.  I want to keep the advice in mind, as I plan to have children in the next few years.What do you mean by bridge the gap, and "just follow them"?  Were you just pretending, not really getting what was happening?The bright side is, imagine when you go out to society.  You'l lhave the full range of experiences to know what to do.You *are* the youngest XD Plenty of time to straighten that out before you embark on the journey of life, lol"Why Do You Feel???? Like Why???? Can't You Chill??"

lol I get this a lot from my parents, i feel youOn the contrary, everything makes sense to me *but* math, so I have to politely disagree with you :DAyyyyyy, don't worry man.  It happens to me and *I* cringe sometimes.  Maybe it's the xSTx society I grew up in, but this stuff is typically not taken seriously, and I may have internalised that.

Sometimes people grow in and out of these visions.  I've met more children who have experienced these things, and grew out of them.  That would be me; I haven't seen ghosts since I was twelve, but it's weird, because when I was younger I couldn't feel them, but I'd run *into* them?  

One such terrible example was in a house I lived in as a child.  I still remember the *thing* I used to see.  It was like a giant floating mask with organic patterns on its face, crimson red in colours, with huge fangs and a long tongue that rolled out of its mouth like a carpet.  It had two huge horns like motorcycle handles, curving backwards.  I'd turn corners and just *see* the damn thing, and it'd send me on a hysterical spiral.  Sometimes it'd open its mouth and the tongue would just *roooolll* out, and I couldn't hear it; I'd just see it, and how even on hot days, its breath came out in puffs.  And it'd run me down, so I'd turn tail and scram.

I couldn't sleep at all on my own from age 4-6, even though I slept fine alone prior to age 4.  You know what rly fucked me up--I watched Star Wars a little after this age, and when I saw Darth Maul's face, it was *similar* to the monster (I called it "Flower face" lol) to the point where I just cried my way through the rest of the movie and my parents had to take me out XD  Same thing when I run into Chinese opera masks.  I just get a chill.  I never saw it again after we moved out of that house.I really like it put that way, that "ignorance is not bliss".

How do you clash with the SJs?  I get along well with ISTJs, for some reason, and I've really jived well with ISFJs (it's weird because..........they're kind of like me?  But the ISFJs I've met lack that burn and spark that I have.  They're so mellow!)I... still don't understand, sorry.  By replace your own with theirs, what do you mean?  Like, you'd sub in their Fe for your own?  I'm confused.-all the hugs- oh man.

I think grief is like an unexpected detour in the journey of discovering one's identity.  It changes your path forever, but you should keep in mind that it's always possible to go on another path.  

I think abrasiveness gets better as parents get older.  Age does something to a person; they'll grapple with their lives and figure out that there are some things they need to regret.  Idk.  I hope you have a good relationship with them, though!  Growing apart is not always a bad thing. Gives you space and distance to be yourself.I'm glad!! congratulations on your journey, and all the best for the rest to come :DEmpress at 71, Priestess at 70, Judgement at 69.  I agree with all these assessments.

Anyone who wants further elaboration on their tarot card, please ask me.  I will spiel and spiel and spiel.  I have this whole theory that tarot affinities are very important for personal growth, so if anyone's up for curious introspection, shoot me a line.Strength and Justice, I believe, are *very* ENTP.  ENTPs play devil's advocate stereotypically.  Strength seeks the *true* truth of personable character, whereas Justice seeks the *true* truth, period.  I always see ENTP people as truth-seekers, viciously pursuing pretense and questioning everything because awareness is power.Tarot is not limited to gender :DThe full name for this is Wheel of Fortune.

Wheel of Fortune teaches that life will have equal parts stress and equal parts luxury.  Roll with the punches sort of thing.  Rather than "seizing destiny in spite of locked", it's more like... you're *aware* that things don't always go your way, and you're always ready to jump at the opportunity when it *does* go your way.You strike me as someone who has internalized a lot of negativity when it comes to expressing emotion.

A hatred of sentimentality and "mushy stuff" usually tells me that you've heard dialogue as a child that has ridiculed any discussion of emotion as weakness.  This might be less about mbti and more about coping mechanisms.

Personally, I am also very uncomfortable with lots of Fi and Si, but it's only because of an abusive INFP in my life.  Every discussion is turned into one about their feelings, the things they miss/regret in life, basically really terrible Fi-Si looping.  Of course, when I see healthy doses of it, it's amazing, but I will always have that first apprehension when I recognize it in my environment because of conditioning.  Not because I dislike the other person, or INFPs in general.

So no, your dislike of a function will not help type you, but it may clue in on certain things that have happened to you that *make* you dislike them.  I encourage you to explore your anxiety, figure out *why* you don't want to talk emotions.

&gt;This sounds horrible, but I think you're right about that.

Why would I find this horrible if you think I'm right? ;D

If you are young, i.e. teenager-early 20s, you will have plenty of time in this stage of your life to really get in touch with your emotions.  Do not baulk from them; they are here to help you.  Even the scary overwhelming emotions are indicators that something needs to be attended to! Emotions are great, because they're like real-time monitors for how you're dealing with the world.  It's hard not to be overwhelmed, but I like to think of them like alarms; annoying and scary sometimes when they go off outta nowhere, but there's probably a good reason why they're blaring.

But seriously, I don't think you're an expressionless robot or one-dimensional asshole.  You're uncomfortable with emotional talks; that's it!  It doesn't mean you don't *care*.  

Do you have an idea what your mbti might be?

Aside from being the stereotypical Female archetypal mother card, the Empress also embodies embracing the self and the feminine.  Recognizing vulnerability, reacting to people with compassion, and being one with nature are all things Empress teaches.  If you are an ENFP, I see ways you could further enjoy yourself by working with children or animals, which are Empress' domains.

The opposite dark side of Empress is self destruction. Reverse Empress is filled with grief and self-loathing, and cannot see the good she offers to the world. She may condemn herself to isolation or substance abuse. That compassion is turned into resentment, conditional love, and dependence. Of course, this is all put in extreme terms to better personify the Major Arcana (**the title of this thread is misspelled, it should be Arcana with an -a, as Arcane is an adjective).  If you resonate with Empress, you should also watch out for this kind of behaviour in your everyday life.

If you'd like your actual tarot affinity, we'll have to do numerology. You can give me the two numbers of your birthday reduced to its lowest single digit number. I.e. someone born Jan 8 2015 would have to add 1+8+2+1+5=17, and then further, 1+7=8.  This person will be born under the Star and Strength (all the majors have sister cards in numerology, e.g. 12 Hanged Man is the sister to 3 Empress; 15 Devil is the sister to 6 Lovers, and so on).  So if you give me those numbers, I can further elaborate.  

If you're curious, I'm  11 and 2, Justice and High Priestess.Ah, how old are you?  If you're an INTP, that must be inferior Fe going on.  But Inferiors are meant to grow, so now that you've realized this, congrats, you're on the path to growth!&gt;I usually don't like people who fake it. (INFJ)

Quick question--are you saying INFJ are people who fake it, or are you saying you're INFJ?  I'm confused.I thought I was an INFP for a period of a few years (16-18) before I looked at functions.

It's funny because most people go the other way.  I.E.  People mistype as INFJ and later realize they're actually INFP.  It wasn't until I consistently met INFP people that I realized how out-of-place it felt.  One thing that really tipped me off was I would get annoyed when people argued about the validity of feelings, rather than being emotionally responsible (i.e. reacting appropriately to situations, or understanding how emotional expression affects others and impacts relationships on the long-term--Ni-Fe anyone?).  Then I was like....... *oh*.  &gt;IME, while ExFPs may try to provide unwanted help and advice, they will back off if told to do so. Fe types are more likely to intervene for your own good or the greater good, even if you clearly don't want them to.

Hooooooboy I had to unlearn this shit.  Thanks for taking the words right out of my life :D&gt;An INFJ usually has an inconsistent personality. They come off as cold, sarcastic, and aloof one second, and the next are giving their very last dime to someone for lunch. This is because they have an ongoing identify crisis and never really understand who they are or what they are.

**I'M SO TRIGGERED, I'M HAVING AN IDENTITY CRISIS RIGHT TF NOW**.

(lmao)Rebirth.But not henti????Hmm, I'd say I always *think* I know what I'm feeling. Then I'd explore my feelings and come out before I've even gone a meter deep, nope-ing all the way.  Retrospectively I always feel like some sort of emotional Jon Snow. I knew nothing when I thought I did.

I have been possessed by emotions. Specifically, rage. I'm not sure if this is due to innate rage or the fact I was around enraged people. 

I'd like to argue the misconception that INFJs *never* know how they feel, bc all people have varying degrees of emotional self awareness that isn't rly quantifiable in typing terms. But I also come from a background of turbulent fam life and therapy which has taught me how to be aware of feelings before they evolve into bad reactionary habits. So.

Ironically enough, I've met many an IxxP who get overwhelmed by their emotions and cannot put names to them. Less ISFP, more the other three.Not to go too deep into this, but are you sure she's INFJ and not ESFJ? Asking bc hunch.Further on this note: appeal to her Fe.

Do you ever outrightedly tell her how you feel? In my experience there are two broad types of INFPs, haha. The type who bottle it up (introverted feeling at its truest) and the types who go on moral rampages at every slight misalignment with their internal compass. I'm exaggerating for clarity ofc.


&gt;I struggle with dealing with my perceived judgements that they make about me and my actions. I can feel very self-conscious and stressed when I think I am not "measuring up" to their standards.

Simple solution: *ask*. "Mom, are yiu disappointed in what i did? What would you like me to improve?" If I can claim ANYTHING universal about all the humans I've ever encountered, it's that if you don't ask, the other person won't  know you've been thinking these things, lol. I'm sorry you're so stressed but I have a strange hunch you may not have even brought this up with her, ever.

Anecdote: One of my best friends is a very caring INFP who doesn't stand up for herself often, bottling and bottling until she's very unhappy. While my sympathies are with her, one thing she does that *boggles* my mind is like... rather than talking to the person she has a conflict with, she'd rather NOT discuss it at all, and invent all sorts of reasons for why the conflict began due to x y z. She's prone took saying "What do you *mean*, you didn't know I was thinking those things? Isn't it obvious?" 😂

I was at the receiving end of one of these experiences in a fight with her a few years ago. When she exploded and blarghed out all these things she thought that *I* was thinking, I couldn't have been more taken aback. She just needed to ask me to clarify why I did what I did that upset her, rather than imagining up my explanations.

Long story short; It was my fault the conflict started, I yelled at her while we were on a trip to the States because, due to our buses being late, we were going to be hours late returning to Canada and we all had classes to get to in the morning. She decided the best thing to do to let off steam was to run across the street yelling "I HATE AMERICA" and I reacted very badly to it by Mom-voicing her viciously into silence.  

My thoughts were fear for our group safety. We are all small squishy women of colour. "I don't want to die", lol. But I felt pretty bad about it afterwards because I yelled at her in public, which is pretty disrespectful, so I went to apologize, and she took that well. But what shocked me was like, she told me she thought I was power tripping by exerting group leadership over her, and what tipped me off to *why* she may have thought that was when she said, "You did exactly what my dad does all the time, and I hate that."

Me: *Ohh.* I see. BC i acted like your dad, you thought my reasoning was the same, am I on the right track?

Her: isn't it?

Me: ☺ girl lemme tell u

Etc. In the end we were both enlightened b seeing the other's perspective. I'm much more sensitive to her, just like how she now knows to ask me for my honest intent before jumping to instant judgement.

 This long anecdote, I hope, is to provide for you some framework of why these conflicts might arise, or where you might be reading into your mother's disapproval.  You might find out she's actually not disapproving of you deep down, and you may find the true root to why she acts the way she does. But again, you know your mother best. Good luck!Not stupid, thank you :)  I'm actually pretty sure Skye is an ESTP now that I've realized she's quite the Se-dom.

Enneagram-wise I've figured out their most-likely tritypes bc neither is too much like their wings. (Oh my god I might be obsessed with personality stuff for my fictional characters XD)

Skye is 874 Sx/Sp, but a very healthy one.  It's weird bc in my descriptions of her, she seems like she's a very cautious, down-to-earth thinker, but she actually likes to have fun and is pretty resentful when she has too much stuff "tying her down".  Her caution comes from her parents, who are INTJ Mom and ISTJ Dad (he's a really feelsy ISTJ tho :D).  When she was little she used to try to force her opinion on others, and she's got excellent social command (I see this as *really* 8w7).  Sometimes she's frustrated by how "slow" everybody else is.  Deep down she holds on to her beliefs and it's very hard to convince her otherwise, which is why when her beliefs are questioned (by herself, i.e. about her family and how much blood they've shed), it shakes her to the core.  When her identity becomes destabilized she becomes a little withdrawn, easy to anger, and second-guesses her philosophies.

 Valor is 692 so/sx (he *seems* like he might be sp, but again, it's due to sexual abuse that he's become a bit "wonky'.).  He's *definitely* a 6, though.  I see him having very 9-ish tendencies to keep the harmony, and 2-ish tendencies bc he's passionate about those who are in dangerous situations.  For wings, if I just do it that way, he's likely 6w7.  There's a part of him that enjoys being an entertainer, even though he can feel pretty drained after a certain period of time.

 I thought Valor might be INTP too, but have you heard the Big Five test?  Valor is a SLOAN, where the last letter is like, Non-Curious (i.e. he has no interest in academic pursuits, and much prefers real-world practicality).  That strikes me as distinctly non-INTP.  Hmm.  Please don't pursue my threads to remind me to answer your pm. I am getting very annoyed by this. If we are having a messenger conversation and I don't answer you right away, chances are I don't have an answer yet. If you are answering my  questions here, though, that'd be great.You're right; I don't think Skye has a Ni bone in her body.  Like, she cares about consequences, but she doesn't have that Ni-future vision thinger that some of my other Ni-Dom characters definitely have.  She doesn't seek to understand why things happen, rather she's focused on how to react appropriately and take advantages of happenings.

Skye's got what I think is strong Fi, but it might actually be Ti with heavy moral codes influenced by her parents.  Her father is a very important part of her life, and he is *very* moral, so I think she may have absorbed some of that.  She doesn't impose her ideologies on anyone and is quite receptive to other perspectives, though deep down she's pretty stubborn about what she believes in.

&gt;I've read that the lower a function is, the more stubborn/stereotypical it is, and that higher fi users are more flexible and possibly wouldn't care as much cause "live and let live".

Hmm!  Thanks for that!  And you know what, now that I think of it: 

&gt;How do the people question his morals though? If it was very harshly I can understand how one would be agitated by that, but if it was constructive/they meant well, I might look inside myself to see if I could be wrong and try to look into other perspectives.

I think all the contexts that I'm pulling from are all harsh, so that may be where he gets defensive.  Thank you for pointing that out.

You know, actually, the more we reason it out the more I feel like Valor *is* an INFP with really terrible Fi-Si looping, his Ne only seems to work when he thinks about business.  New opportunities, courtesy, etc.  In his personal life, however, he tries not to think about what's greener or not, and is too worried to venture into new things (i.e. emotional connections, relationships) bc he's scared the past will repeat itself.  He gets pretty triggered when he's touched--he's touch-averse--and because he trusted the wrong person as a child, it led to his eventual sexual exploitation.  He feels responsible for this choice even though he objectively knows someone took advantage of him; like, it's hard for him not to blame himself for his experiences.  I think it's hard to type him because out of all the POVs he's got a lot of trauma that's hidden by a cheery mellow facade.

Thanks for your input, I super appreciate it :DI actually wouldn't mind, but I'm sure it would get tiresome bc people will dance around problems and conflicts all the damn time.  It'd be pretty harmonious on the surface but I see deep resentment being part of society lolI mean I'm pretty sure it'd just end up being civilized conversation.  I don't mean to make this sound circlejerky but I've never had a terrible experience with another NFJ. Sure tempers could get high but we all part respectfully and with deep discussion. Maybe I've just been lucky! Thank you!!! Bookmarked for later reply 🖒Me 8')

I can listen to solo harp for days. But I also have unusually sensitive hearing; I can hear frequencies higher than the average person. They give me headaches. 

Prog metal is rad though!I'd be down for it but my boyfriend is insecure about it. He says he fantasizes about it, though, so now it's just a matter of how we both feel when he's ready to give it a shot.

The benefits is sex. Honestly. I want to connect with another body and like the feeling. Emotionally I don't really feel like sex and love are connected? So I think in that way, I'm probably for swinging, but I might not be able to handle a polyamorous relationship because I've got mental illneses to deal with, and may start to wonder if my SOs are better off without me, etc.I've not heard a dog whistle before, thank God.  

Certain train stations in China use high-frequency pulse... things, to keep out rodents. They have strategic speakers placed at interval locations and the pulses rhythmically. I hate going to this one station (train or airport, I genuinely can't remember right now) in Hong Kong because that's where I discovered I had this sensitivity.  

 You know when you yawn and your ears prickle, and your eyes water? It feels like *that*. The sound makes me cringe and I have to wear headphones and blast music to drown it out  😥  the whole waiting time was torture.Hmmmmmm. INFJ stereotypes being really shy, awkward with verbal expression, pushed to the point of doorslamming, etc.  I'm none of these things.  I'm very verbally articulate and I can be quite aggressive.  I use my Fe to socially wrangle people into line; as I get older, this manipulation becomes more subtle, but I acknowledge that it *is* manipulation.  I feel like most INFJs are too nice to do this, always wanted to be kind and supportive and not toe over the line, whereas I'm not, haha!  In childhood, I was the Mom Friend and I'd get scathing social revenge for my friends, who I viewed as my wards.  

It's easy for me to guide conversations, or alter others' opinions of me, and I'm almost always certain about *how* other people see me, provided I've known them for longer than two hours.  Social anxiety develops for me when I'm constantly put with people who dislike me (admittedly, I'm not often disliked just because I'm pretty considerate and chill irl, but hey, things happen) because I *know* they dislike me.  Ni-pattern reading, etc.  I've also never doorslammed anyone, just politely retreated and without hostility/coldness.

I'm also high in Ti, so I have a stupidly high amount of trivial knowledge and strange metaphors 8'D

On a broader note, I've never met another INFJ who is like me, or alike in general!  None of the INFJ I know are actually alike aside from Ni-gut-feelings and Fe-care, it's all expressed very differently.
Hufflepuff, officially on Pottermore.  But I'll fight to be Ravenclaw.Interesting--my gut reaction is to say you strike me actually as an INFP, since from experience, the ENFP I've met never have this problem:
 
&gt;I could still socialize when I have to, but it's not natural and it's more of a forced situation that my brain is in.

Unless, of course, there is social anxiety at play :O  I hope you don't mind me saying so, as I think accusations of mistyping can be too invasive.  But I find MBTI should be an "I *am* certain I am this type" for the most optimal self-growth.

By chance are you certain you lead with Ne?  [This is an excellent post about Dom-Tert looping behaviour](http://infj-mbti.tumblr.com/post/126404186698/can-you-describe-what-each-loop-looksacts-like), which helped me figure out I'm actually an INFJ and not ENFJ/INTJ/etc.  Dom-Tert loops happen when someone is *really* stressed out and Auxiliary Function goes out the window.  When I'm critically stressed I just... stop feeling everything.  It feels like everything is going to end and I'm filled with total apathy 8'D which is really Ni-Ti loop behaviour.  So yeah, I hope this is an interesting read.
I think that's quite interesting--I mean, all people are a blend of ambiversion.  I also get extremely overstimulated going out, but maybe what I think of as "overstimulation" (sights, sounds, smells, physical fatigue) is more just exhaustion.  

When I'm alone I can be alone for quite a while.  Literally not leave the house for four days and I'm still ok XD but after a while, I get really antsy, jittery, like, I feel like I NEED to leave my house and be with people so I can wear myself out, or else that energy builds and builds and builds.  It manifests as racing thoughts and insomnia, and a general need to DO things or else I'll never go to sleep.I'm dropping this link on multiple threads, but please read about Dom-Tert looping.  ENTPs and INTPs look *very* different when stressed out.

http://infj-mbti.tumblr.com/post/126404186698/can-you-describe-what-each-loop-looksacts-likeIn MBTI, your dominant function does not determine how sociable you are :) Which is why I started this thread, as I want to see the perspective of those who run the middle gamut.  I've found that Extroverted Sensors are *really* extroverted.  Literally all the ESxx I've ever met are true bonafide extroverts, can't be holed up for too long, really like people and friends and going out and chatting online, etc.  

You could lead with Ne and still be a reserved person!  Everyone's a blend, after all.  Oddly enough, you're the second INTP I know who takes substances to "feel normal".  AKA become the energetic approachable sociable person in times of social anxiety.

Do you think INTPs are prone to this?  And which function would be at play?I agree; there's a certainty to Ni-types in knowing *what* type is right or wrong for us.  There's no hierarchy of a *better* type, just a more accurate one for the person.  

My question for you is, as an ENFJ, say you are faced with someone who is in crisis.  Or, less dramatically, someone who is visibly unhappy/upset.  How do you react to them?That's *so* cute.  :DI think the ENxPs are probably the "introverted extroverts"?  I've noticed this too, though there's no literature to back it up.

Weirdly enough I've never met an enthusiastic ENTP.  Like, from what I've known of my ENTP friends, they're *always on*.  The brain never stops chugging.  But it's always contained in their own neat thinking packages.

You may stop feeling fake/weird once you see the merit of socialization XD  The top three function combo of Ne-Ti-Se definitely doesn't foster placing importance on social niceties, but dip into that Fi/Fe sometime, see how emotive responses are a tool for interaction and, uh, social lubing.  LOL&gt; People energize me. I may not be the loudest one in the room but I don't ever need to stop. Meanwhile I have an INTJ friend who is very collected, outgoing, and focused at first, but by the end of the day is a little pissy and outspoken when annoyed and needs to just go home and refresh on dealing with people.

Yes!  Omg, this is what I've noticed as the true defining border between I/E.  It's not how much you like people or how loud you talk, it's the "After three days straight in a place full of people interacting with me, am I chill and cool, or am I homicidal?" LOL

totally appropriate, thank you :D

I get the same reaction?? sort of?? People are really surprised if they spend an intimate day with me, i.e. a casual hangout where everyone does their thing.  I'm holed up with something creative for 10+ hours and I can make absolutely *no* sounds in that time.  

But I think I come off as reserved in new social situations.  I work at an office in graphic design, and since we're cubicle'd with different tasks, I get bare-minimum interactions with the people around me.  Which is great :D Yup.  What are your experiences?I'm like this, too; at work I don't get much social interaction (or sometimes I choose not to).  That gives me plenty of pep and cheer to chat with friends in the evening.in it to win it, son.Actually, I notice the INxx more introverted than most :) with me being the exception in my personal experiences? lol 

The ISxx I've met are all very socially balanced, even ISTPs!  ISFJs are like low-key always ready to hang out, the ISFPs are enjoying the vibes and very harmonious to get along with, ISTPs are always somehow funny and cleverly bantering with the ISFP, and ISTJ is the Dad Friend who watches over everyone (even if they're a girl XD they drive us forward and keep us on track).  After a long day, these types strike me as a bit grumpy, needing to go home, but they'll still push forward if there's a 'last leg' of socialization.  Strong Sensation function (se &amp; si) may be at play (?), they're not as easily messed up/physically fatigued as the intuitive types.

In contrast, INFP friends can get *veeeery* quiet after a long day of socialization, despite a starting burst of energy.  INFJ friends are consistently quiet but smiley, and the smiles tend to feel more strained as the day drags on; I experience this, where at the end of the day, that mask of interest becomes harder and harder to pull on.  It gets pretty obvious that I want to go home already.  INTP friends are uncomfortable with socializing, period, even if they find themselves enjoying it thorughout the day.  And INTJ somehow ascends to the 4th dimension and stops reacting to everything, like they just wall-up and zone out.  At the end of the day, tired INxx types strike me as genuinely depleted, with mood plunges, and genuine lasting irritation, if constantly pushed to socialize after being tired.Indeed.  That's Fe for you :)

I'm always fascinated by Fe dom.  My Fe turns off sometimes and I'm left reeling in an existential crisis where I talk to no one, lol.  So I really enjoy people who use Fe constantly.&gt;How INFP was THAT, am I right?

Like SUPER INFP lmao!

&gt;It's as though I feel the pressure of other people's opinions and being, and I don't feel like pushing back.

That's an interesting way to put it.  What I enjoy about socializing is the ability to gauge opinion and push back.  I enjoy a good debate and I enjoy analysing people (lol @ that tert Ti) as long as no one is hostile.  It's kind of fun because going out, I have different personas to fit the social situation, so it's like changing clothes.  And when I feel "truly me" is when I'm alone, doing something creative, with no one nearby to nag my Fe into social harmony!Droppin' this link again, please have a read

http://infj-mbti.tumblr.com/post/126404186698/can-you-describe-what-each-loop-looksacts-like

it can help you distinguish between ENFJ/INFJ.  Very different behaviours when stressed out.I used to fold a lot, but then I got that Fe developed.  Nowadays if I'm having a civil debate and someone gets harassy, I shut that shit down right quick.  I used to baulk at conflict but now I'm more like "fight me bro, c'mon, i'm not going to be convenient for you to yell at, let's go" XDI'm not missing the bigger picture.  The whole point of this thread is because I'm aware it's an energy thing, lol.  I don't think ambiversion is abnormal.

I'm just giving you a link since you've stated

&gt;Also no one ever guesses ENFP, and I contemplate whether I am that type all the time.

So I figured you might want interesting reading to clear things up.I generally agree with your observations :)

To find INFJs, go into the arts and teaching, lol.  I find I know true, bonafide INFJs, at least four of us IRL.  We flock to each other.  What type are you?My question for you is--did I seem like I'm putting people in boxes?  Genuine question.

I'm aware of functions tacks and aware of the risk of using the terms 'intro/extroversion' here.  This thread is meant to ask MBTI Introverts and MBTI extroverts their experiences if they feel like they are socially outgoing or socially reserved, opposite of their MBTI dominant attitude.  I'm curious about your experience, too; do you feel like you are a shy person, or an outgoing one?  How do people perceive you, and how has that affected your experiences?Hiphoppityhop yourself onto the r/INFJ threads :D

technically you've met one now--me, lol.  another good place to find INFJs may be in the office.  Secret ones hiding everywhere :D like where's waldo but waldo's not wearing a striped shirt, so good luck finding him.No worries.  No one is TRULY 100% their type, unless they are magically able to develop exactly 100-75-50-25% for their ascribed top four functions :O

I feel like xNFJ is really hard to distinguish, for some reason.  Like, the dichotomy of INTJ/ENTJ, INFP/ENFP, ISFJ/ESFJ, they're really *clear*.  But ENFJ/INFJ gets blurry?yo share some of that narcolepsy 8') I can only sleep up to 9 hours any given day.  My body refuses rest.True, I've not been able to last very long on r/ENTP because it feels like watching a show, not as authentic as knowing the ENTP personally.

I find r/INFJ a swing and a miss.  It can get really depressing in there sometimes, and I'm just like... *why*.  Let's talk about positive things guys, c'mon.Hmm, "weighed down by the weight of the world's problems".  I feel like when I was younger, yes?  Like, when I was first becoming aware of social and environmental issues, I was so overwhelmed and horrified by it all, it felt like my brain went on overdrive.  I think I was *that kid* who like, basically insisted on recycling, wanted to volunteer for everything, would go out of my way to befriend rejected kids, etc.  Basically doing all that *I* could to alleviate a sort of pressure of which I suddenly became aware.

I can't speak for all INFJs, but from the ones I know, we're generally healthy cynics.  Love humans, love humanity, love the earth, while fully being suspicious of everything going to hell or having bad intentions.  It's... weird.  I'm not as cynical as my edgy teenage years, but there's still that awareness of like, all people have the potential to hurt me, but that won't stop me from wanting to help them?  I'm quite optimistic myself, but only when looking forward.  Reminiscing is always tinged with sadness, never that soft, glowy nostalgia I see in some others.

And for you and other ENTPs you know, what do you think of the stereotype that ENTPs are shit-stirrers?  And how do you deal with boredom?

I think an interesting thing that's now happening in this thread is discussion about social extro/introversion that isn't tied to Function attitudes :D

That being said, I think it's perfectly realistic for extroverted MBTI to need recharge time alone, just like how it's perfectly realistic for introverted MBTI to wanna go out and spend time with people.  It's not so much clean-cut as functions could possibly dictate.  

&gt;So I make like plans for every day of the week. And after the second day I am just so done and exhausted and I never want to see a person again, lol.

I feeeeeel you, basically even if I'm planning the biggest and most fun get-together I can think of, about an hour in I feel the r e g r e t.  But it's sort of like, a happy regret?  Like, "Ah well, I'm half-dead, but at least I'm half-dead and *content*."  

Yo I love INTPs.  You guys are genuinely my favourite type, probably because my best friend is one.  I will never not listen to INTP rants about X.  Loud introvert sounds about right to me, lol!I wish Potter more had the hat 8')Ayyyyyy silver sneks :D

:D I hope you liked reading this thread, it's quite an interesting perusal!Do you tend to turn more or less outgoing/reserved depending on the people around you?  I find this happens to me--if my friend circle at the moment is quiet, I'll be boisterous.  If my friend circle is chatty and outgoing, I'll be mellow.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) all of themHmm, when I'm empty, I'm literally gray.

I don't feel anything inside of me.  I don't know what emotions I'm feeling other than the fact that I'm tired and I want to stop.  Stop what?  Idk!  So I stop moving, stop thinking, stop feeling things.  It's not like nihilistic meaningless either; I just suddenly fall still, time stops, etc.You might want to develop inferior Se with a more strenuous activity.  

Meditation, Yoga, pilates--these kind of mindfulness exercises are great.

Again, the rest of the comments on this thread are right--you can't just *develop* a sense.  But if you want to start understanding what Se might feel like, mindfulness exercise is the way to go.*shit i've been found out*(y)

That isn't to say I'm not sweet and gentle with certain people, but still.  to be sweet and gentle *all the time?*  not possible for me, unfortunately.INFJ - I legit like hearing people talk about their day.  I have a coworker whose two daughters are in dance competitions and I know one of them is excellent at jazz and the other one is better at hip hop.  Another coworker's brother just got a puppy.  etc.

For some reason I'm not bored by mundane conversations about life, but the best of friends I can have are the ones who talk deep philosophy and trauma with me.Ti, on the sidelines: Bae i got u 

Ni: thanks fam

*Catastrophe!*-finger guns-Wouldn't it be the other way around?doesn't your Ti ever go like "WHAT are you DOING"ohhhh my god.  oh my god.  *ohhh my yy godddD*chaotic neutral ;DMost: ExTJ, gotta present themselves immaculately (y)

Least................ idk, me and my INxJ friends are all kinda meh about dressing up?  INTJ friend doesn't care, whereas I only dress up if the occasion calls for it.

and the graceful non-groomers, as in like, basically they don't do anything and still look great, definitely the ESxPs somehowSensitive in a negative way?

Hmm, I'd say my mother, ESTP.  She responded to guilt of any sort with immature anger.  But she's not that bad.

I have a friend who is an ISTP and he's particularly sensitive about social justice issues.  He's very progressive and he's very "on" all the time, and he can get his feelings hurt a lot, but he's not vitriolic.Beast from Beauty and the Beast strikes me as an INFP, in *all* versions.

His initial immature state is very self-centered, based on luxuries and *his* feelings and *his* pride.  Throughout the old movie/new movie/musical/whatever, especially in "If I can't love her" and "How long must this go on", you can tell he's anxious about being hated, how he can't find forgiveness, how he feels like nothing else can move him aside from Belle after she leaves, how he's resigned to death, etc.  Very Fi-dom.  He's definitely a feeler, considering nothing he does ever prioritizes efficiency or logic lmao.  

It's funny because I see people type him as an ESTJ and I simply don't see that.  He's got shit Te.  The castle runs fine without him, and the times when he DOES interfere, it's all due to Lumiere and Mrs. Potts urging him.  There's no innate desire to improve the castle or his situation, because he seeks love and connection, not "a better house".  And he's never *really* in-tune with the world around him the way Sensors are.  He's caught up in his head and his perceptions, and he constantly thinks about his life before the curse (Fi-Si loop).  Once he's in love with Belle, he's so sweet.  He gives her a library, he works to understand her, and he ultimately lets her go due to his moral principles, believing her family is important.

Meanwhile, plenty of blogs say Belle is an INFP, I dunno.  I feel like she's more of an ENFJ.  She cares about the people around her and is *very* certain about the future, as a Ni-dom (she has a clear vision of what she wants in the future, and Gaston is *not* it).  It's about the wellbeing of others (sacrificing herself for dad), and she's got the spaciness of an Intuitive.  She is moved to help others who suffer, consider the Emma Watson version of her where she teaches the girl to read because she's *certain* it will help her.  She's a little hard to pin down, she might be ENFP because I think her Fi is very strong, too, but look at her during times of stress.  When her dad is in danger from the villagers, she doesn't even think--she just *goes*, and throws the mirror in front of everyone to try and save her father's reputation.  That strikes me as distinctly Fe-Se looping, operating on the basis of protecting others but having the recklessness of Se in-the-momentness, while losing her ability to realize the consequences of her actions (Ni).ENFJ, I think.

**Fe dom** - there's an entire song where she talks about choosing between her desire to see beyond the ocean, and choosing between her people.  She picks the people.  Even when Grandma shows her their past, her whole *spark* for going on her journey is to save her people and her dying island.

**Ni aux** - she'll break traditions (this is to contrast with her possible reading as an ESFJ si-aux) and tentatively try new things.  She dreams about the outside world and she's searching for her one true path ("I am Moana" is her magnum opus of identity discovery imo).  And she's pretty quirky, not that I'm saying ESFJ aren't quirky, but she's got eccentric thoughts/actions that tag her as an N.friend............... are you ok?fair enough :)I know, right?  but nope.  He's tested consistently.  He's methodical, and very comfortable with mechanical application (such as taking things apart, etc), and he's not particularly "dreamy/artistic" the way ISFPs are.  He might be in a loop, though.My relationship with these functions personally:

Si: Bad.  Baaad.  Bad bad bad.  I remember only negative things and Si funnels into anxiety alllll the time.  I don't have a neat, sweet, sentimental library of memories that guides my actions.  I have a tunnel of fangs from which I am constantly escaping.

Se: If I can stop stubbing my toe I will count it as a life milestone.  Also I suck at I-Spy and catching projectiles.  How does anybody do mindful meditation?  A true mystery.

Ni: Not as mysterious as everyone thinks?? Using Ni, I understand that everything has a deeper meaning, a cause and effect, and a future path.  It's as clear to me as reading the time on a digital clock, down to the millisecond.

Ne: Everything is possible!  I like to use Ne, but I get tired/bored of possibilities.  I'd rather find the *one true answer*.

Ti: This function is my favourite.  I love creating shit.  Convoluted novel plots, characters, fantasy worldbuilding, and trivial-fact-gathering.  Bless Ti.

Te: If I could pick any function to use all the time, it'd be this one.  I'm intimidated and impressed by it.  I don't really think I do it well; I can't organize others, only offer my Ti insights and hope it gets carried out.

Fi: I use this relatively regularly, but not as much as Fe.  There are some things I can't do because it makes me feel icky.  Certain morals affect what I can support--like companies, brands, non-profits, etc.  I worry that sometimes I'm a hypocrite and have to be careful with what I do/say.

Fe: My favourite function in others.  I like high Fe users.  I strive to be empathetic and harmonious, and I love when everyone is happy.[This image has helped me greatly](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/f8/df/aa/f8dfaaab8bbd8766c56dea85b25147f8.jpg).Character creation.  Helps me differentiate between personalities/motivations to keep all the fictional babies in line.&gt;INFJ You are probably an INFJ mistype if you have blue hair. The whole "nobody gets me, I'm so unique" shit and you wear it proudly.

Lies.  I dyed my hair a sleek red because Fe knows that I can intimidate people and make them think I am something more powerful than I actually am.

Also because I like red.  LMAO.  Haircolour indicating type would be great.Infj. I challenged adults, in that I asked for thorough explanations of everything, which made parenting me a little bit of a challenge. I could spend hours alone but also got along well with other children. In games of make-believe, I'd lead, and get frustrated if friends deviated from my narrative.  I liked anything that had to do with drawing and singing.  I'd talk to myself a lot. I Also saw ghosts, but that's another story.Holy crap, that strikes me as really early-onset OCD.  Repetition, compulsion, and phobic treatment of the external world.  Are you ok now?Hang tight, friend.  You're young yet and there's a lot of life, good life, left to live.  I wish you the best.suffering is always more bearable when people suffer *together*[Remember to HALT!](https://ih0.redbubble.net/image.174332639.0754/flat,800x800,075,f.u3.jpg)Infj who is not soft spoken. I'm witty and quick and swear like a sailor. I also don't tend to get performance anxiety either.Adding to this, riddles, puzzle rpgs, Professor Layton style puzzles are good tooLOL I am overweight but I carry my weight well, and I have decent strength/stamina. So maybe it's not a type thing based on me, pure anecdotal evidence.

That aside, your friend doesn't sound very pleasant to be around.Im going to use Te as a comparison. Mature Fe is very controlled and rational, just like Te.

Think of it this way: if Te exerts pressure on efficiency and order in the world, then Fe exerts pressure on emotional expression and emotional labour.

In being domineering: A mature Fe user can curb the itch to domineer over others emotionally. Immature Fe is a bully, is underhanded, and uses social pressure to force others to do it's bidding.  Think of your stereotypical catty middle school girl, all the way up to an irritating family member who is constantly verbal about your flaws.  In decision making, people generalise Fe like it's purely there to help the world, but for selfish reasons, immature Fe can be there to manipulate emotions in one's favour.  A mature Fe user understands how to ignore such itches for more ethical approaches, or, at least use it in a subtle enough way so that results are emotionally efficient and harmonious with the environment/situation.  Aka the "better the world" drive, which society needs.

In being empathetic: Mature Fe users can differentiate external emotions from their own. Underdeveloped Fe turns people into sponges who might  end up absorbing everyone around them.  You'll see plenty of this in any of the fj forums, especially the ixfjs, who notoriously have to back away from social interactions that depress them.  A mature Fe user is good at making sure they feel what others feel in order to be *empathetic*, but still retain enough sense of self and personal emotions so as to be *sympathetic*.  

A sign of a super high developed Fe is a perpetually unruffled and pleasant person, who is still true to their own emotions in a patient way. My grandfather, an ExFJ (can't tell which one bc he's very very old and we have a language barrier so I can't rly gauge his Ni), is one such example. He has a very strict public and private face, in that his private face is sometimes reserved only for himself. His public face is socially immaculate. I have never met a single person in the world who didn't end up liking and genuinely respecting him.  He chameleons excellently and plays his social roles without resistance. He also offers natural, reasonable emotional advice and has natural rhetoric to convince people to do things for themselves.  When he is at his best, he is deep-thinking, deeply compassionate, but also very "on" all the time, as in he'll always be reading the social temperature of the room and maneuvering like a whip.  It is very difficult for him to snap.

Last thing: You can't identify a function in a vacuum because all people use functions in tandem, though, so that's to be kept in mind.Lmao I am answering all your threads.

You sound like you have Ni figured out. Great. You'll definitely feel underlying warmth with the Fe users.

There's your difference. XNTJs do not come off as warm and feelsy. That is not to say they're not emotional or loving, but upon meeting one, you'll not feel that warm sense of "hey! Welcome!" That you get from a Fe user.was this directed at me lol

if you post the question on mbti as a separate thread, i'd be happy to spielINFJ artist here.  

Look, if you're constantly questioning whether or not your identity as an artist aligns with your cognition, then you've spent too long on the MBTI forums! Remember that MBTI determines data analysis and thinking patterns, *not* humanistic, quantifiable talents.  If you've been questioning your type, then I suggest reading up on Dom-Tert loops and Grip phenomena, both of which can help you (without a SINGLE DOUBT, because IxFP and INFJ are *radically different*) determine which type you "really are".  But don't question your type based on what stereotypical talents each type has.  In my field (graphic design) I have met ESFJs, INTPs, ISTJs, etc etc etc.  And I've met ISFPs and INFPs in marketing, finance, and sales, which are also stereotypically killer career paths for "dreamy IxFPs".  So type does not determine talent.ENFP.  All the ones I've ever met are just so sunny and caring.  I'm melancholic by nature so I admire naturally charismatic people.welcome to the world of deeper MBTI, where we will disarm your preconceived notions of a J-P dichotomy (which really doesn't exist), and introduce you to functions. 

Please take a look (search the mbti reddit) on each function.  iNtuition (Ni and Ne), Sensing (Si and Se), Thinking (Ti and Te), Feeling (Fi and Fe).  From experience, I have met Ps who get their shit done, and Js who are very flexible, so there is no real correlation between productivity and type.  But expression/stress/coping with change is a different case for each type.Agreeing with the below.  Sounds like a close-minded STJ.  You'll not really find NTJs that stubborn, since Ni is constantly seeking to refine the "best" of something, not hard established fact.
&gt;I don't have strong opinions because I tend to look at things from different points of view which makes it hard for me to make decisions. I'm easily swayed by other people's opinions but I'm also not afraid to challenge people and tell them when I'm not okay with what they're saying.

Firstly, let's strike INFP off the list, because you strike me as a high Fe user.  INFPs use Fi, which means in arguments, INFPs tend to be gentler because they respect the idea that "everyone has different opinions".  Fe is able to see other people's opinions and be swayed by emotional pleas, but is also much more vocal.

Secondly, I feel like you're likely an ISFJ, because the clear memory thing really strikes me. But here are some probing questions to figure out Si or Ni.

1. If you see a new tool/object, i.e. a new kettle in the office, a new gadget, etc, do you tend to feel excited to explore it, or a little reserved and needing more information first before touching the thing?  Ni is excited, Si is reserved.

2. How good are you at telling your physical needs?  When you're hungry/thirsty/tired/achey, are you able to identify which part of your body is uncomfortable, and rate that discomfort on 1-10?  If you're abysmal, you're likely a Ni user.  If you're great at it, likely a Si.  I have terrible Si as an INFJ, and I can't tell when I'm worn out, so I have to remember to rest.

3. When you get into paranoid modes, and withdraw from other people, are your thoughts really radical and pessimistic, based off of far-fetched conjecture (Ni), or are they based on previous traumatic experiences, bad things that have happened to you, etc (Si)?

I have naturally black hair, but I dyed the bottom half of my hair wine red.  It makes for nice curls.*raises hand*You know what, I like that you gave this rational and concise anecdote.  I don't like the whole INFJ vs INFP flame war.

That being said, if you want to have more "open" communication with your INFP, I suggest expressing your appreciation for their sympathetic world views.  My grandmother is an INFP but she shuts down like that when she feels like people are "dismissing" her ideas, which can definitely be quite emotionally-based and passionate, as "lesser" because they're not backed by scientific proof.  As frustrating as her views can be (to me, especially if I know they're misinformed as well, plus considering her generation......... *everything* is misinformed, lol), there's value in passionate, emotion-based decision-making, considering that's how sympathy works.

Expressing an appreciation for her sympathetic view can really tune her into what you're saying.  She's reading HOW you say it, not what you say.  If you come off as "oh honey you're so misinformed, here, let me Educate You", there will definitely be clashes.  If you come off as, "I appreciate your view, and I respect it.  In return, here is what science says, and here is why I respect the scientific view," this can open the channel to more receptive thinking. We're high Fe users; we have the ability to manoeuvre around these communication blips that arise from pride/offense.  So yeah.Ni-Ti loops.  I've been in those.  Not fun.  :D

The cure is to spend lots of cuddle time with close friends.  Work that Fe.Obligatory "not all ESTJs are dicks" reply tho, because immature people are just irritating regardless of mbti :D&gt;"well this worked before, so let's try it again, yes".

This seems to be the defining line between Si and Ni.  You're likely a Si user.  :)

It's hardest to describe our dominant function, but I can describe my Ni to you, for you to be double sure.  My Ni is very unconscious.  It's pattern analysis and kind of like a person carving through the brush of a jungle?? For example, when things happen that surprise a lot of people, often it doesn't surprise me--especially if it's an emotional occurrence, like a couple getting together or a divorce or instances of abuse.  My Ni has patterns figured out, so I can extrapolate and "guess" accurately situations that are new to me because I notice similarities.  For example, once I had a classmate who I suddenly asked, "Are you in love?" and she was very surprised, because she was *just* asked out like half a day ago and hadn't told anyone.  I noticed she was flushed, grinning at her phone, toying with her hair, etc etc (this is Ni paired with Se, external stimulus clues) and that led me to my conclusion, which was linked to her emotions, because Fe. So for me, it's like, "I have knowledge and 'gut feelings' about certain situations, and my certainty grows as I age (Ni).  Right now, I need to figure out if this subjective certainty has realistic merit, so I'm going to check my environment and confirm if I'm right or not (Se)."

On the other hand, I imagine that Si-Ne users (ISFJ) would analyse things like this:  "I have a library of experiences in my head that I have gone through.  What works?  What doesn't work?  Right now, I am presented with many different possible options to solving a problem and I am unsure which route to take (Ne).  I would prefer to use something that I *am* sure of, so let's check my library to see what's worked before."INFJ - I keep in mind that *I* control how people view me. &gt;I also tend to pick up on people's emotions and notice when someone in a group is uncomfortable or upset before anyone else would. I'm not sure why I do that, I just immediately notice someone's emotions before anything else and then try to figure them out and understand what is bothering them.

This is likely a Fe phenomenon.  Mirroring and reading emotions is a Fe thing :D You may be in the centre of the N/S spectrum, which will make this a bit difficult, but read up on Introverted Sensing/Intuiting and see which one is *definitely not* you.Someone teach me how to Si. I grew up prone to traumatic flashback triggering that messed with my ability to safely reminisce. I don't understand how people can feel safe thinking of the past.Chiming in; I feel like a Ni dom understands *exactly* what Ni is, but can't explain it adequately. You are probably a solid infp who has been confused by all the functions talk on Reddit 8'D but hey you know yourself bestA quick tip about Si - it's also physical, like Se.

Se focuses on outward sensatiobs; si on internal. All the Si doms I've met sleep when they are tired and eat when they are hungry.  I know that sounds trivial but ask any n dom what their body needs at the moment and it's like ??¿¿?¿?¿¿This was a good laugh, thank you.

I love how the ISJ one was a legit TLDRESTJs - At what point in your life did you start becoming annoyed with things?  Like, what age do you remember when it started to "click" that you prefer things to be a certain way?strikes me as Fe-dom friend.  weird that you take this as a projection, because from an outsider's point of view, I actually think their interjections are kind of sweet.  Not really directed towards you.

you'll say: hey I want to go to a tea party

exfj friend: !! ayyyyy friendship is great my friends are great, this is gonna happen, we're gonna have a good time, oh but what if tea is expensive, nah it's ok, what's a good gif to represent this--ok this one, 'money isn't important, friendship is'.

you'll say: this cake is delicious

exfj friend: the food is great but I think the company is greater, hence 'food isnt important, company is'

idk if I'm being too positive but I genuinely didn't know what you meant by an indirect comment/projection until I thought about it.I typically ask these questions to help friends distinguish the notorious NF j/p.

In your experiences, have you been called "fake" more, or called "stubborn" more?

If you would rather people see you as a spineless people pleasure, or as someone who selfishly does everything despite others' discomfort, which would you prefer?

Are there any moments in your life where you stop feeling?  Do you ever get numb?  Or even at your most exhausted, are you constantly "feeling down"?

(this is being SUPER GENERALISTIC about Fe/Fi no hate ok guys)

also speaking as a sure infj, you sound infj to me, but idk.Apparently, statistically, there aren't that many of us anyway so i don't think it matters much.

Imagine if all ISTJs disappeared, though.  That's like an extinction event.You keep asking questions I want to answer i'm not stalking you I swear

Ne and Ni are both subconscious.  Technically, so is Si and Se.  All perceiving functions have a level of subconsciousness.

When I use Ni, even *I* don't notice, lmao . So that's what they mean by "subconscious".  I can't imagine being a Se user, tuned into the environment all the time, and I can't imagine being a Ne user, being constantly ready to search for different routes and paths.  I just kind of wait, and watch.  That's what Ni is, until the "eureka! I *knew* it!" moment hits.
The answers below have proved fruitful :)

My addition:  you *cannot* be 50/50 J/P.  The J/P dichotomy does not work, for the INFJ/P and any other type (ESTJ/P for example) are not even *remotely* alike, nor do they funciton the same.  The only reason why the INFx get confused between them is because the type tests are garbage online, and ask awful questions that don't gauge much of anything, other than whether or not your'e a sensitive person (which is true of all feelers, tbh).Friend you may be in a Ti-Ni loop.  

ISTPs fall into the Ti-Ni loop (where Se turns off, leaves you with just Ni and Fe to deal with life) during times of stress, and if you're stressed, then bingo.

Ti is your logic going haywire and negative.  You may draw deeply negative views on other people based off of flawed personal logic, because that logic is not grounded in reality by Se.  And Ni feeds into your "certainty" that you are right, because Ni is a function of absolute certainty and pattern recurrence.

my two cents.  i've been in a similar boat, Ni-Ti loop, it ain't fun.  what clued me in to your possible loop is that I, too, perceive negativity and drama around me if I don't reach out and get grounded by Fe.  I say actually see your gfs face-to-face and gauge their actual tone, facial expressions, physical appearance, etc.  Use Se and Fe together to get some realistic views into *what* they're saying, not just based off *how* they're saying it.

anyway unsolicited INFJ advice at 1 am, hahahahahaha, have a good one



Honestly, that was a question as a joke.  Even when I think about it the answer is definitely 'no'.

I use mbti as a self-help tool.  I am intimate with looping, grip, and stress-related behaviour that manifests as an INFJ specifically because I need to use any sort of relatively-structured cognition pattern/study in my journey of self-healing.  Learning about mbti has helped me immensely because I've figured out how to control many self-destructive behaviours based on my understanding of the functions.

Now I turn my question to you.  Are you sure of your type, and what do you use mbti for?You strike me as an INFJ with a very highly developed Fi. Your desires to stay consistent with your vision of the future is very high Ni. And your fear of being called fake is consistent with Ni-Fe, a desire to be seen as truly altruistic and an innate INFJ desire to be understood.

Also, in my experience, Fi doms never go numb. It is perpetual pain all the time.

But if you want to be double sure, make sure you look up the differences in looping behaviour between the two types. An INFJ and INFP are honestly as different as night and day once you see the different reactions to stress.


sounds legit&gt;Sometimes I wonder if I'm a INTP, but then I go back to being productive and getting things done. 

Don't we all ;D

I like that you want to help people.  Weirdly enough I'm more interested in MBTI to help myself.  What does that say about what's expected of us for Te and Fe, hmm?  

friendo, you cannot be all these types 8'D

do you need help with self-identification?  like, usage of your functions, etc.Interesting.  Presuming you are speaking to me, what about me comes off as IxFP?  Rather, than, say, the certainty of Ni paired with Fe tempering so that my original post words are somehow relatable?

Also I am a lady.  Hello.He sounds like he's never had guidance on how to tame that aggression.

From my experience as someone who works with children, a violent child either grew up in a violent home, or is genuinely frustrated because they cannot communicate verbally.  I'm sorry you had to go through that shitty life with him, but I can't help but wonder how much of his life he self-destructs because he doesn't know how to talk through his problems like a mature person.still bad, if they're gone :Dapparently i'm also good at ni-ti-ing.  high five?

&gt;this side of me is reserved for the 'lucky' people whom I get to know or have to work or live with to some degree.

Interesting you say that, because I've noticed it in the one ESTJ person I know too.  With people that annoy him that he doesn't know, he's just kind of standoffish and generally curt.  With people he knows that annoy him, he can get quite verbal.  Does closeness equate to a comfort in voicing irritation?*memeing ENTPs come rhythmically snapping out of the shadows*Protip:  Don't predict what the ESTP is feeling.  Chances are it doesn't factor in.

Another protip: They are not incomprehensible.  NJs just tend to always see patterns and deeper truths, even when there is none.  I'm not saying ESTP people are not deep; it's just that there are simpler ways of living, arguably more *relaxing* ways of living, than the way NJs live, lol.  Take the se doms in your life at face-value, what they do is legit what they feel like doing in that moment, and you'll find the predictability and patterns finally showing.

also seconding how that feels like ni in reverse.Offering you a legitimate answer and an upvote because I don't think you're trolling.  

In my experience, saying no and disappointing someone leads to violent reactions. 

Not all children are born Fe-wielders.  Sometimes you grow up in a house of broken glass, and realize that reading the emotions of other people can make a difference in personal safety.  Even now, when I say no to someone, I'm secretly terrified their offense and pissy reaction will cause catastrophic things happening in my life.  So I might promise to do things, even if I dread to do them, because the guise of pretending will allay whatever harm might come my way. But ofc, the older a Fe user gets, the less this occurs as the self stabilizes.

I entertain the notion that many people actually settle into INFJs somewhere around age 7-10 because of traumatic experience.&gt;My goodwill for others is innately selfish and lacking empathy, as I push upon them my standards of improvement.

I think it's interesting that there is a common thread of discussion of 'what is true altruism' on mbti.  Lots of people argue in the mbti scope that Fe is true altruism, the desire to help others because empathy and truly understanding pain and whatnot.

I'd like to offer something in your defense.  I have a knee-jerk reaction to comfort and help others, but it's actually because other people's distress *distresses* me.  I like to tell people that my empathy is like sensitive hearing.  When someone is upset, their upset literally *sounds* like a wailing alarm clock to me.  It makes me super stressed out, and I'll want to do what I can to help them until that sound goes away and I can stop feeling stressed out.  So if we want to be pedantic about this and argue who is truly the selfless-helper, I genuinely can't say.  So I wouldn't jump and call your desire to help innately selfish.

Frankly, I feel like all NJs are some level of manipulative, because we want things to go our Ni-visioned way and push with Se.  I've been mistyped on online tests as NTJ for the same reason, in that I'm sometimes pretty cold-cutting and precise with my answers, shearing off the "fluffy feels" when certain questions ask for efficiency vs kindness.Has this caused any friction with you and close loved ones?Thanks for your replies!!Interesting you say the Ni thing, because there is a fine line between being conscious of using it and knowing it's your dominant function.  I use Ni on a daily basis, but never consciously.  It's only after the fact that I will realize certain things I do are guided by intuition.  I've realized it enough times to see that I'm a Ni dom and my thinking will always be guided by a desire for consistent truth and future projection.

Plus, I have long ago realized I can't be a Fi dom. I don't know my emotions well enough, and I generally require lots of rationalization and outside opinion to deduce what I feel correctly.  I wish I had the moral compass of a Fi dom because there are moments when I keel to other people's requests based on emotional pressure, and regret later because I'm uncomfortable.You know What, good on you for caring about him despite his treatment of you. If you're both young, he probably has a lifetime ahead of him to mellow out and realize his views are troubling. In the meantime, I don't think you need to cut him out of your life, but I feel like you can afford to distance yourself from him for a while. Family is family but if they're draining like that, distance for self protection, y'know?Tell an INFJ sincerely, "Sorry... I'm a little nervous. I don't know anyone here."

I tend to adopt people when that's admitted. The mother hen instinct kicks in.I would say yes. 

Ni is pattern recognition and seeking THE truth.  A ni-user doesn't need to experience something (like si) in order to be able to visualize how it may play out.  And unlike Ne, which values all the possibilities resulting from one action as valid and possible, Ni prefers to find THE one true ending XD

Garnet's future vision is almost the perfect metaphor for Ne.  It's weird because people have Sapphire pegged as an INFJ sometimes but I actually think she's an excellent INTP, that Ti-Ne is strooong af.

this is unrelated ot the topic at hand, but why *seven* exact avocados?Hmmmmmmm.  I'm a highly-social introvert.  I require time alone to process thoughts, but when I'm chill and happy, I'll gladly seek company.  In a typical INFJ fashion, I do not deal well with conflicts in the moment, because I don't have the time and breadth to process what I'm feeling, etc.  Or I need to expund *large* amounts of energy in order to react the exact way I want to.

As for an asocial extrovert, I've met one or two.  Guys who are *always* present at teams, club activities, just on the fringes of the room, etc.  Like you see them everywhere but they don't really talk to anyone, they're just there.  I don't think it's a bad thing, by the way; I can tell they just like to people watch, or enjoy being around the people who like the things they like, even if they never engage.  That strikes me as extrovesion.

I would like to contend.  You definitely strike me as an NTJ, because one of the comments really tip me off about Ni use ("I treat them as the truth since they are correct most of the time.")

To decide if you are E or I:

When you get stressed out, which one is more "you"?

1)  Your ability to make correct decisions and tell people the right and most efficient way to do things turns off. Suddenly your instructions are haphazard, you don't want to deal with leadership, you wallow in past feelings and have trouble seeing the end of your own unhappiness/suffering.  In times of stress, you fear that previous traumas may repeat themselves again, and when you meet people who remind you of previous traumatic events, you are largely paranoid/avoidant of them.

2) Your ability to see the results of your actions turns off.  Suddenly you are making incorrect decisions all the time, your predictions go way off, and you don't care about consequences - in fact, you may be afraid to think about them.  You make yourself feel better by physical exercise, sex, or some other form of bodily exertion.  In times of stress, you get angry and defensive if anyone tries to bring up dialogue about how you're feeling, even if you are aware that they mean well.  The anger can manifest as cold, via shutting down the asker.

Yas - she is constantly looking and weighing future possibilities, all as valid and equal.  Garnet makes decisions for the teams by jumping onto the "stepping stones" of the future in order to maximize group survival, etc.  There are several episodes where Sapphire admits that she was surprised they went "this route", though she isn't disturbed by it.  Ne is able to view all things as equal opportunities, and choose the most viable path from there.

In contrast, moments when Garnet/Sapphire use Ni tend to end badly.  When Garnet consciously chose to tell Steven about her powers, leading to him being on the roof - she picked the path that she wanted, losing her ne objectivity (and I'm not saying Ni is constantly subjective and "wrong" or based on want or whatever, just that she isn't adept at Ni use).  She's picking the future rather than weighing the options and adapting to the moment.  When Sapphire and Ruby were fighting at the motel, Sapphire continually insisting, "This will pass. This always passes.  You need to move on." I wonder what visions she was seeing that could possibly arise!Then INTJ.  In mbti theory, in times of stress, function 2, which for INTJs is Te, turns off. 

Function 1 (dominant) is your natural resting state of cognition.  You process all data this way, and make decisions based on this function while reacting to the world with the rest of your stack *in favour* of this function.  We cannot turn it off, ever. For INxJs, this is Ni.

Function 2 (auxiliary function) is kind of like the favourite tool you use all the time. It comes naturally and often can manifest more than your dominant. For IxTJs, this is Te.  In times of stress, it's known to go missing.

Function 3 (Tertiary) is like your favourite hobby that you're not quite good at. You like to partake in it often but it takes time and effort to partake in it naturally. You can definitely get good at it but never as good as the first two, and it requires the Aux to balance it out. INTJs have Fi in third.

When Aux goes missing, a person is left with an overload of one attitude, I.e. intro or extroversion.  This phenomenon is known as the Dom-tert loop, an overload of E or I without the Auxiliarys opposite attitude to balance it out. For INTJs, it is the Ni-Fi loop, described in point 1. Entjs get the Te-Se loop, *very* different in manifestation. Looping behaviour is an excellent indicator of someone's type. So if you're more like point 1, you are highly likely to be an intj.

I also recommend glancing at ISTJ because I'm not sure if you lead with Ni or Si. If you look at the two functions and their descriptions, one may jump out at you as the one you use all the time.

Excellent decision. 😂In MBTI, introversion and extroversion do not equate to sociability, interestingly enough.  I used to be confused between E/I NFJ because I figured I was a social person who enjoyed being around others.

The letters explain which function is in what order.  "I" just tells us that the first function for INxJs is introverted (hence Introverted iNtuition, or Ni for short).  There exist quiet mbti extroverts who do not engage in socializing willingly, and there exist enthusiastic mbti introverts who like to be around people.

So this is up to you to decide.  If you are sure of the last three, figuring out the first letter is usually pretty easy after some further reading.I'm under the impression that extroverted functions are easier to develop.  Introverted functions require attention and personal effort/development, whereas extroverted can react better to external stimuli, which we do not control and which we must react to.  

I'm an INFJ in my early 20s and I can definitely say my Se is better now than as a child.  I have learned to be better coordinated, to be more in-the-moment, and to curb certain Se-based cravings (material goods, food, etc) because I'm more aware of the consequences of indulgence without control.  But obviously, there's still a long way to go.Living with Ni is pretty great, if not somewhat exasperating.  I enjoy the ability to pick up on patterns and unspoken context.  That I have Ni-Fe is a great boon, simply because my care for those around me shows, and generates a lot of positivity in my life.  I experience Ni and Fe naturally, like, I don't question them nor do I notice them unless I really think about it.  I'm *always* thinking.

So in a list, subjectively: (also because all of these functions work together)

Ni: Getting hunches and investigating whether or not they are correct, noticing the tones of voice in a room, reading between the lines constantly, picking up on "why" things happen (e.g. tracing problems to their roots, such as someone who gets angry instead of communicating troubles as someone who's been ridiculed for sad emotions in upbringing, etc), figuring out which actions/words have the biggest impact, and a keen interest in human rights issues.

Fe: Identifying the emotions of others, adjusting my language so other people aren't hurt, talking about my feelings and viewpoints in a way that can get others to change (i.e. I think I can explain certain viewpoints of mine in an emotionally persuasive way), checking the social barometer of a community, and picking the most effective compliments/support language for my loved ones.

Ti: Categorizing my beliefs clearly, identifying the steps and logic behind things that happen, inventing and worldbuilding in writing, aiming for objective and full understanding on a topic that interests me even if I'm uncomfortable with the opposing view.  In negativity, I can really overthink and overanalyze to an unnecessary degree.

Se: I eat as a coping mechanism 8'), enjoying luxurious textures, being a bit easily winded/overwhelmed by external stimuli.  Loving music, the act of participating in arts (physically painting, playing instruments, dance), being unable to play games like Where's Waldo or I Spy with any tact.  In the grip, I eat, laze about, and indulge more in sexual behaviour.
 Do you tend to get very accurate gut feelings about things that may happen?

Are you good at reading the tones of other people's voice?  

Are you very sarcastic?

Do you tend to overexplain things, and are you anxious that people will think you're annoying when you talk about things you like?

Do you think all possibilities that you imagine are possible, or do you tend to feel like one exact thing will happen that you imagine to its end?

When conflicts happen my INTP friend overthinks and constantly thinks herself into a hole of what may happen, rather than going to directly address the issue with the person she has a problem with.  She gets *so* sure that certain things will repeat themselves because she's experienced them before.  Ti-Si loop I think?

I'm very protective of her bc I can tell she's sensitive at heart.  I wish she'd be easier on herself, and seek external confirmation for all her imagined horrors before being so *sure* that they may happen.Interesting, you have quite an even response to all of the functions.

[Please take a look at this looping behaviour breakdown and see which one you feel more resonant with.](http://infj-mbti.tumblr.com/post/126404186698/can-you-describe-what-each-loop-looksacts-like)Huh.  Are you? 

That was an interesting projection.  Looping behaviour happens when people are stressed, and helps identify types when people constantly score in the middle. I once ate an entire half tub of peanut butter as a six year old. Didn't feel sick, Didn't feel bad, could have kept going if grandpa didn't intervene.ExFP.

Is she a crazy-ass brainstormer who can come up with a million things, and can jump on a plan in the blink of an eye, and *somehow* makes them work?  ENFP.  If she has trouble or discomfort conforming to "old", particularly stuffy and right-wing traditionalist thinking, ENFP.

If she's really mellow and tuned in to her environment and "present", and is verbally articulate about certain uncomfortable things in her surroundings (loud music, harsh light, cold), ESFP.  If she's particularly bad at seeing how consequences to her actions may play out, ESFP.

The key difference I find is ENFPs "buzz" while ESFPs "chill".i feel bad that i laughedMy mom is an ESTP.  She will drive across a city to pick my drunk ass up at 3 am and not berate me for too long about it  8'D

Mature ESTPs are like the best of enneagram type 7.  They appreciate when you try to do your best at something new and encourage anyone to "give it a shot".  They want everyone to have fun.  They get frustrated at people who are too damn cerebral - with types like me getting equally frustrated at being "pushed".

I feel like type E for healthy ESTP stereotypes is the "fun friend" who invites you to do crazy shit.  As an NF I'd never do some of the stuff my mom enjoys doing, like line dancing or hosting huge parties - but she got me to do them, and now I see *why* they're enjoyable.I fucking live for these fun ones.

Just gonna do the introverts, will do extroverts tomorrow.

ISFJ - [Norwegian fairy cats](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/7c/ee/6f/7cee6fc9abbd9305abe55056993b2d76.jpg) - Fluffy, majestic, slightly mythological, yet approachable.  Sheds a lot, and you'll be annoyed at that, but you love them too much to complain.

INFJ - [Capybaras](http://static.boredpanda.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/2c.jpg) - Awkward-looking, soulful, seems to get along with all the other animals.  People feel like this animal is really rare in the wild when it actually isn't.


ISFP - [Mute swans](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/35/Mute_swan_Vrhnika.jpg/1200px-Mute_swan_Vrhnika.jpg) - It's in the glide.  Humans are hyptonised by swans for a reason.  She's beauty, she's grace... but she'll bite you in the face.  

INFP - [Hedgehogs] (http://kids.nationalgeographic.com/content/dam/kids/photos/animals/Mammals/H-P/hedgehog-closeup.ngsversion.1414442159645.jpg) - So fucking adorable and endearing, but gets spooked and quills, then freaks out when they quill you.


ISTJ - [Stags](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02080/sta_2080364b.jpg) - Composed, graceful, but people often forget that even though deer are herbivores, they can gore you open.  

INTJ - [European gray wolf] (https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ab/European_grey_wolf_in_Prague_zoo.jpg/1200px-European_grey_wolf_in_Prague_zoo.jpg) - I actually want to explain this one in more detail.  Not because of the stereotype that INTJ are "cool lone wolves".  More that a lot of people mistake wolves for dogs, and want to treat wolves like dogs, when they're actually wolves.  I feel like INTJs get misinterpreted a lot and then demonized/turned into fairytail villains when they just act like themselves.


ISTP - [Honey bees] (http://kids.nationalgeographic.com/content/dam/kids/photos/animals/Bugs/H-P/honeybee-purple-flower.ngsversion.1472674737208.jpg) - Methodical, conscientous, likely advocate for the environment, but sometimes get very tunnel-visioned when they're on their task &amp; end up crashing in some unsuspecting human's face.

INTP - [Raccoons] (http://kids.nationalgeographic.com/content/dam/kids/photos/animals/Mammals/Q-Z/raccoon-grass.ngsversion.1396530745057.jpg) - Fucking adaptable, smart, and endearing little animals.  Shy but like human company.  Also, eats trash &amp; is somehow perfectly ok?? miraculous
100% unwavering confidence now that I understand typology better.  Everything in INFJ manifestation, from the grip to the loop to the shadow to the PoLR to Ni-connectedness and Fe-harmony, pertains to me.Alright it's morning and I'm well rested and let's do the extroverts :D

ESFJ - [Kangaroos](http://kids.nationalgeographic.com/content/dam/kids/photos/animals/Mammals/H-P/kangaroo-joey.adapt.945.1.jpg) - Known for being "mommy" animals.  Smart, reactive, caring for their young. 
 Can really damage you when they kick you.  

ENFJ - [Elephants] (http://www.allindiamission.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/cool-decorated-indian-elephant.jpg) - Long memories, deep wisdom, kind of derpy, and everybody gets *fucking enraged* if you abuse them, including themselves.  Also feel super bad when they realize they've trampled someone.

ESFP - [Red pandas](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/5a/5d/52/5a5d52431ea19c03e5f4c0f3943ba52c.jpg) - Somehow known as super chill and super hyper at the same time.  People rly like red pandas, but only people who are *truly* devoted to red pandas can understand their nature as animals.

ENFP - [Cavalier King Spaniels](http://www.yourpurebredpuppy.com/dogbreeds/photos-CD/cavalierkingcharlesspanielsf2.jpg) - This versatile breed of dog is loyal, energetic, and *so sweet*.  The downside is they have attention span problems and are surprisingly shy with strangers, which can surprise owners who expect them to be "on" all the time.

ESTJ - [Octopus](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/rX-YiYHahoo/maxresdefault.jpg) - Excellent multitaskers, known for their sharp-thinking and adaptiveness.  Apex predators who scare off the other fish.  You can put them in any situation and they'd learn how to maximize their abilities in that situation.

ENTJ - [Panthers, aka all melanistic large felines]
(https://userscontent2.emaze.com/images/eb2d4b89-30ae-4daf-9ec8-6937aaeb3af4/69ace986-bb7a-4fe1-af46-624fddd07db2.jpg) - Sleek, intimidating, ingenious... but really just a big cat at the end of the day.  Good handlers of big cats understand how to respect their space and true natures, and get cuddly cats in response.  Inept handlers get hurt.  Badly.

ESTP - [Hummingbirds](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c4/Anna%27s_hummingbird.jpg/1200px-Anna%27s_hummingbird.jpg) - Full of vivacious energy.  Can really look pretty without much effort.  Other animals wonder how tf it can fly in all directions. Often accidentally kill themselves by flying too recklessly.

ENTP - [Rhesus Macaques](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/40/Portrait_of_a_father.jpg) - In everyday language, people use "monkey" like an insult &amp; have no idea how wrong they are.  Macaques are highly intelligent and empathetic, and partake regularly in social bonding associated with primates.  Still can monkey around, though.Common joke trope is that istps are robots ESTP for quick thinking, ENTJ for getting us out of this mess, ENFJ to keep us all sane, INTP for ingenuity and possible life hacks, aaand ISTJ to work with the ENTJ to get results.i'm an infj and my best friend is an INTP.  I love her to death.  

problem is, I've met two other INTP boys who I genuinely can't get along with.  Granted this was throughout highschool and they're probably more mature now, but all sorts of edgelord behaviour and innate, non-inconspicuous belief that women are weak and the friendzone is real and... you know.

in my opinion INTPs have the most trouble getting along with sensors.Dave - ESTP.  Se reacting quickly to environment, Ti supports with quick thinking.  He's likely immature and doesn't know how to use Fe properly to get a feel for his crew's confusion.  Inferior and super-weak Ni means he can't see consequences/connections to his actions.

Mark - INTJ.  Ni constantly prioritizing "perfect future".  Te for efficiency.  Fi gets group to work together cohesively with his singular vision.  Weak Se feeds into caution.

I agree with the general ESFP consensus below, even if you argue that you "need time to withdraw".  You don't strike me as a Ne dom, probably because your arguments for Se prowess far outweigh your observations on your own "branch thinking" ne-type stuff.  

A good way to determine Se vs Ne is - do you daydream a lot, or are you more in the moment?  Do you remember things as objective sensations (colours, heat, words that are said) or subjective (positive/negative, "what" was said instead of the words, fondness or discomfort)?  Remember that Ne is tied with Si, and Se is tied with Ni.  

Which turns off for you - Se, or Fi?  That helps determine xSFP.  Auxiliary (2nd) functions turn off when you're stressed.  If you feel like in moments of stress, you tune out of your environment and get very "ugh I feel terrible this is terrible it's all going to go awfully", then your 2nd Se turns off to leave you in a Fi-Ni loop, aka you're an ISFP.  If you're like "I don't want to think about feeeelings screw it let's just work out/dance/eat/whatever, I need to feel like I'm in control of my life," then that's Se-Te loop, aka you're an ESFP.I'm an INFJ, undergrad in linguistics with a focus on French.  

I care greatly about grammar (I do freelance copy editing for novels, and I teach English reading/writing, so grammar is pretty important in my daily living).  But, I could care less how people write on the internet in discourse.

There's a difference between knowing what's grammatically correct and being pedantic about correcting the linguistic errors of others.  I think that, as long as I can get the gist of what someone is saying, it passes.  And correcting someone whose first language isn't the one they're writing in, just for the sake of correcting them, is a dick move.

There's no such thing as "mastering" a language.  Frankly, you can't master *any* living languages, because all forms of linguistic use change.  Someone who uses a large vocabulary and employs "of which" correctly is just as viable a "master" as someone who uses meme language correctly upon first contact.  

I don't think there is a predisposition to grammatical correctness by types, but if you really want to get stereotypical, probably the STJs.INFJ 1w2 - I used to get sad.  Around puberty I got irascible/violent, but it was because I was getting pretty seriously bullied, so I figured "get angry and scary and they'll leave me alone".  Now I'm doing much better in life, am in my 20s. I'm back to sad, which I prefer.  Being sad is "calmer" than being angry for me, and I can articulate it much better.

I don't turn to substances; it exacerbates my anxiety.  I turn to creative ventures to stop feeling upset.  And I definitely lose appetite.It wouldn't be funny if I confirmed or denied it. ;)You mean when they upgrade you to securityseven?Interesting that you say this because I've also noted several positive examples of stereotyping. 

Also, I feel like poor estps get shit on a lot too. 5 centimeters per second, like Amelie but much more melancholy.

I also liked Only Lovers Left Alive. Not sure it's related but it gives me the same introspective romantic feeling with a dose of horror.dude I'm an INFJ and I've seen stereotypes of how we're soulful attentive individuals, but I tune tf out sometimes when I'm just *not interested* in a topic.  Particularly, when people talk about sports or really high academic topics that I don't understand.  

As for paying attention to tasks, I find that I'm much better as an insane multitasker than I am as a battering ram.  At work I have like 12 windows open but I  plough through work if I have other little tasks to juggle.I spring into action... I think.

Usually I'm the one supporting the most "active" person in the crisis.  I.E. if a person just got news that someone died, I immediately attend to that person.  Definitely Ni-Fe at work, but I try to map out exactly what to do to deescalate panic/negative emotions.  

In case of accidents, I may "lag" before reacting.  I'll look for things in the environment to help after I retune.  For example, once my mentally-ill grandmother shattered a bunch of glassware in a tantrum in the kitchen.  I was initially frozen, just processing the conflict, but after crying it out for like literally 5 minutes, I got up and organized my younger sibling to do x and y with me so we could tidy it up and make the space safe again (they were in the room with me when grandma flew off the handle).  One of the orders was for them to stay put on the couch as I cleaned the largest fragments, after which my sister helped me with vacuuming and carefully searching for any fragments we may have missed.  Etc.

I don't tend to break down for longer than a few minutes so long as I know there are "smaller" people nearby, i.e. those who are less well-equipped to deal with the crisis.  that... was an incredible read, thank you
I have an ESFP classmate who I'm not like, deep-level amount close with, but he's *always* inviting me to his get-togethers.  He is one of the most charming, inclusive, and chillest people I know.  I deeply admire him and go to all of his meetings, even if we've never had the chance to sit alone to talk about the Big Stuff like dreams and aspirations and trauma and whatever.being surrounded by people who lead with Fi/Ti and Ni/Ne, she's like the *only* extroverted feeler dom I know.  She actually plans the get-togethers the same frequency that I do, and I deeply appreciate someone making effortless effort to bond with me the way she does.I'm an INFJ so I guess I'm Celestia??

there aren't any INFJs in the mane six.INFJ.  This is interesting.  

&gt;Quiet and very self-assured, you tend to keep your own council. Pragmatic and practical to a fault, you are not one to worry about the finer points of philosophical discourse. In fact, because you are very much an individualist, you often finds yourself at odds with the established truth or the wishes of the majority. You will often earn the wrath of an employer by taking upon yourself decisions which are rightly those of your manager. You are not one to take credit unless it is deserved. Similarly however, you will also not happily give credit where it is not due. In a romantic relationship you can be very frustrating. While you do care deeply and sincerely, and are willing to work at a relationship, your confidence in your own abilities can on occasion make it difficult to see the world from a partner’s point of view. Quiet and stoic at times, you can drive a more emotional individual completely up the wall. You can become overstressed and fatigued without knowing it. Taking time to rest between bouts of hard work can help to prevent a breakdown later on.

the other tests are interesting too, though I wouldn't recommend it for those with weak ego or depression.I read somewhere that Auxiliary function is actually "manifested" the strongest.  Something about how Dominant function is pervasive and dictates your every decision making process, but Auxiliary is really your tool, your arm, your mouth, etc.  The thing you *use* the most.  I'm an INFJ and I have a problem with either *inefficient* or *unsympathetic* authority.  Both are problematic.  Authoritative figures who feel like their decisions are the best, even if those decisions are biased, time-wasting, and unsound, really grate on me.  After a while I will not be able to listen to those figures anymore.

Likewise, an authority figure who doesn't remember that the people under them are human beings, and require sympathy/kindness, make it impossible for me to respect them.  Instant irritation, instant distance.

Edit: Type 1 for reference.  Excluding the above, I usually like to respect authority, but I'm always keenly alert for instances where the authoritative figure is abusive or undeserving of respect.  If I am to bow to them, then they need to meet my high standards.  I find it difficult to respect someone who can't meet maybe 3/4ths of the standards that I set for myself, lol.yas, so that's why you get stereotypes like INFJs are really "warm comforting counsellors" even though they're not Fe doms, INTPs are "wonderous brainstorm machines" even though they're not Ne doms, and ESFPs are "deeply moved by emotions and morals" even though they're not Fi doms, etc.  It's all auxiliary. 

likewise, you cannot overuse auxiliary.  it's literally meant to be used.  use away.  :D  it's tertiary that needs to be kept in check.&gt;Moreover, your dominant function is in use without you even knowing it.

Yes, that's what I said in my original post.  I'm not saying Auxiliary is stronger than dominant.  I'm saying you can *control* and *use* it better than your dominant.  That's why we get looping behaviour; because dominant never turns off, we literally *don't* have that kind of control over it, while we do have that level of control for the latter three.

I'm saying the hyperbolic stereotypes exist because Auxiliary manifests visibly.  It colours the decisions of dom, even if it's not the dom.  So like, sure, you can say that in your experience, INFJs aren't warm, and are monotonous and sophisticated, but the general *stereotype* stands.  I'm not trying to invalidate your experiences, though!  Just talking about stereotypes.  I'm also a little confused by your response because you're saying "INTPs aren't brainstorming machines" and then supplying an example in which they are literally brainstorming. Fair enough, I take what I said back.  

Use it with caution? XDgot INFP the veeery first time, but I felt like I wasn't being honest, so I went back and tweaked to be more honest.  then I got INFJ ever since.

some tests are so off 8'D I've gotten ENTJ once, lmaolike goddamned sisyphus, man.You say that as if there was a choice   😂😂😂I would agree, even though I see healthy participation in INFJ, but with Ni-Fe together there's a likelier chance of online community fostering, I think.

I think that yes, Ne is more common than Ni, and that contributes to the numbers.  But!  I'd love to see some actual evidence, like a poll or something, to see if the numbers pan out.The other thing is that many of the INFPs may not be online when they're happy.  In my experience, many of the NFPs tend to turn to soulful online compassion when sad.  When happy, probably just out doing their thing :DPurely from an MBTI perspective, use that Ne.

Brainstorm, learn something new, people watch, get "into" a new hobby.  Exercise your ability to project into the future and take viable, small, rewarding steps to achieve simple accomplishments.  I'm surrounded by sensors.You strike me as an INFJ???  

Only because you seem to "read" situation and data and stuff, what with inferring silent footsteps and future talking.

If you are, Fe can turn off sometimes.  Leads you into something called the Ni-Ti loop.  Not fun.  So you may be experiencing that.  What type are you, do you know?INFJ.  I'm a graphic designer and prepress operator.  That means I set up large volumes of advertisments for our printing production in the back of the company.  On one hand, it's really cool because I get to see a lot of different styles of artwork and visual communication styles.  On the other, it's just office paperwork and Indesign for the most part.  Not bad, but no fireworks.

My dream career........... I don't know.  I used to aspire to be a lot of things but I'm feeling that millenial struggle *hard* right now.  It's hard to dream big when I'm just trying to become financially independent enough to move away from my parents.  Voice acting for cartoons would be amazing, so would getting published some day, which I'm genuinely working on.  But for now, these are slumbering future dreams.I thought Js sounded really OCD and Ps were all lazy.

That's what got me into the infp/j confusion train for like 3 months before I decided to read up.Very interesting read, thank you.

My two cents:  The other clue for distinguishing between the IxFJs this is to remember that functions work on an axis.

I got the clue that I am definitely not an ISFJ because one, I genuinely couldn't relate to Si at all, but for two, I don't Ne for beans.  Valuing all possibilities as viable stepping stones?  Noooope.  I want my One True Future vision achieved, thanks.  

I'm also personally irritated when Ni is described as "dream-like".  For some reason that gives me the impression that many people will take it, just like dream interpretation, as fluffy nonsense.  I'd rather just call it "standby".  It's not active until you use it, but it's never turned off.  



I've taken a functions stack test before, [which you can find here](http://www.keys2cognition.com/explore.htm).  It'd be interesting to see if anybody matched what they thought their actual stack is.

If I recall correctly, my "actual" stack was Ni-Fe-Fi-Ti, but Te/Ti were almost tied (with .2% difference lmao). So I think I'm highly developed in Thinking, likely because I'm surrounded by thinkers.

also what is sensingI always figured Si was like Se but for your own body.

Like, Se is preoccupied with the external world.  Sights, colours, sounds, sensations, literally filtered through physical senses.

Whereas Si is preoccupied with internal world.  Pains, discomforts, comforts, luxuries, etc.  

Like.... all the other functions have internal/external dichotomies.  Extrovert exerts pressure in judging functions, introvert synthesizes and adds to its collection.  And in the perceiving functions like intuition, ne is "explorative" looking for possibilities, while ni is "synthetic" and looking for patterns/associations/truths.  So it always struck me as odd that for some reason, Se/Si don't get this dichotomy.  Se makes sense to me as processing literal physical sensations, so it confuses me to see Si as "memory" and "recall", which is more cerebral than sensing in general.Dating an infj boy with an infj mom. My best friend since kindergarten is also infj, but she has severe anxiety that clouds typing often.

It's pretty great tbh. We speak the same language and never really fight about anything because everything is resolved patiently.Jokes on you, I live this curse day to day, so no changes here :DSo did I.  But I've seen their Ni-Fe at work, and it's like we're always on the same wavelength.

I may be mom about BF's mom, she may be ISFJ, but she doesn't have the "flavour" of a Si-dom, if that makes sense?  100% sure bf and best friend are both, tho.  

To be fair, in their own friend circles, they're the only INFJs, so.You strike me as an INFP. The infp in my life is very much like this, but here's some concrete clues below.

 The ability to respect other's opinions and see from their view is more Fi than Fe, as Fe is like Te and prioritizes "efficient" or "accurate" emotion, aka harmonizing the group rather than bow to individual whims.  You also strike me as an enneagram 9.

As an INFJ I stay in toxic relationships too, but not to fix them. I have an innate anxious belief that they need support, and it has nothing to do with how I could change them as a person. Your statement strikes me as Fi again.

When you're stressed out, do you tend to replay bad things that have happened to You more, or project future negative experiences more? infp is the former, infj the latter. When I'm stressed I suddenly see everything as potentially dangerous and my explanations can sound kind of reasonable... until you step back from the absurdity of my projections, lol.  My INFP friend can't help but wallow in a lot of past resentment and felt trapped by their emotions, and can get VERY stressed out if there's academia or chores or other structured routine things to attend to (fi+si+te).  Meanwhile I stop feeling altogether and start to get crazy thoughts and physical urges and get a little reckless with my health(ni+ti+se).

Hope this helps!Dude that was an excellent read, thank you^ what TK4442 said :DEllo.  Grew up closely with an ISFJ cousin, am INFJ.  Both girls.

My ISFJ cousin is likely an enneagram type 6.  Prioritized safety.  Was clearly anxious and cautious when approaching new things.  We were both very creative, liked writing, liked drawing, etc.  The difference was that I was more "aggressive" than she was.  Since she's 4 years older than me, she was also very happy to play "mom" role to me and all our younger cousins.  She's very uncomfortable discussing politics or things with conflict, but she's a great communicator and arguably more diplomatic than I am at conflict resolution.

In terms of dress style, she loves neutrals and understated elegance, while I'm the 'alternative' dresser (flower crowns, gemstones, black lace, cool shit dangling from my ears, etc).  She's clearly more perfectionist than I am.  She studied history and literature and i'm not far off, I studied art history, fine arts, and French.  I'm deeply into the occult, and she's completely unnerved by it, doesn't like to talk about ghosts and stuff (she believes in it, but avoids it like the plague lol).  I'm fascinated by fear and pain and the dark, and I'm deeply moved by human suffering.  You could say it motivates me to be better.  She avoids those things, and she's moved in a "bad way", like, human suffering makes her really depressed.

Major differences is that she is rooted in tradition.  She is the "better daughter" in our group of cousins, she calls her parents and visits regularly even though they're a 5-hour drive away.  I am rooted in the future; always brainstorming, analyzing, picking up on hidden meanings, even if I'm not always accurate.  When we discuss deep topics like philosophy, trauma, religion, etc, she can be quite unnerved when I draw "collective unconscious" conclusions because she's not sure where these conclusions come from.  We've had many talks where she's admitted to me that my conclusions were "right" after she had some time to experience them.

I benefit from her realness.  She's hardy and cheerful, and deeply caring.  Will sacrifice herself to keep things level in tense relationships.  I used to do that too but my family's the "crazy family" in our tree, so I tend to appear "older" than she is because I've experienced certain things that have seasoned me.  Sometimes she comes to me for emotional advice.  I go to her for real-world, life advice, such as school and stress management.  We're very close even though we're in our mid-twenties now and can't meet up all the time.I am sure of the INJ, but sometimes I can dip into what looks like INTJ territory.  I don't think I'm as soft as most feelers are, but I'm *definitely* not a thinker, lmao.  How about you, OP?&gt; My girlfriends bring their boys to me because they deem me the "final test" for whether those boys are boyfriend material, lol.

omg are you the shotgun wedding friend :DEllo, I have a best friend who is INFP Ennea 9w1

Due to strenuous familial circumstances, she believes it's better to be accommodating and be polite and "flowy" to get along.  It's clearly Fi, not Fe.  Fe doesn't 'believe' in this, it just *does*.  Fi has clear morals.  She has decided that being harmonious is core to her morals, therefore she does it.  When her attempts at harmony are ignored or stepped on, she can get **very** angry and moody.  Like a volcano about to burst, but rarely does.That makes sense, it's your dominant :D

For me, since I tend to loop a lot, I'm often in Ni-Ti mode (depression lmao).  So sometimes I don't feel anything.  It's just like, static noise, restless agitation.  At least my thoughts seem to be more "stable', but I know it's just looping behaviour.To be fair, I'm at work and I gotta type quickly.  You may be reading my terseness as masculine?Man are Fi-doms constantly filled with self-loathing? &gt;.&lt; I see these comments pop up from time to time and I'm like........... that really sucks.

The benefits are that even though society ridicules emotion, if you grew up in a fostering environment, you'll realize that the language of emotions is a crucial one that requires much practice for mastery.  It helps you cruise through life later by being diplomatic, understanding, compassionate, and focused on what you really "want".  If you're a young Fi-dom, trust me in that you'll really mellow out and begin to appreciate that part of yourself by your 20s.Are you a girl?

Male INFJs are often mistyped as INTJs in youth, and vice versa for girl INTJs getting mistyped as INFJs.  Socialization puts T for boys and F for girls, so you may actually be an INTJ who's just been raised *hard* to emulate Fe.

For what it's worth, I'm definitely an INFJ, and a lot of what you say is what I do as well.  You'll need to read more on [the different looping behaviours for both, I'm linking you an explanation] (http://infj-mbti.tumblr.com/post/120993067998/what-is-the-ni-ti-loop-ni-fi) to really help you discern.  And [here is a breakdown of all the loops](http://infj-mbti.tumblr.com/post/126404186698/can-you-describe-what-each-loop-looksacts-like).sorry, I added to my comment above, please take a lookI mean, I'm not going into the speal of how it isn't really a bad thing to be seen as feminine, but I advise you to do some soul searching on that.  If you have issues with being seen as feminine because feelings + social expectations, then you have only two options - either completely stop, and put yourself through hell by denying your emotions (0/10 would recommend) or explore these feelings and see if yo ucan come up with some coping mechanisms?typical ni-dom response: it's a gut feelingI dislike the term aristocratic/democratic.  It doesn't describe the dichotomy well.  It sounds more like it should be collectivist/individualist.I think i read on r/INFP there was a thread recently that was like, "Do you ever feel like you're all or nothing" ?

paraphrasing because I don't remember the exact title, but OP was asking if infps felt like in childhoods, they were sure they were "destined for greatness", and if by age x they didn't achieve that vague feeling of greatness/satisfaction, then they've "failed".  Is it kind of like that?I'm seriously amused, did you read my post history and try to decipher my gender based on use of :D or :)?  since I didn't use emoticons at all in this original post, i'm curious as to where you're picking it up!Happy reading, then :) you're not gonna get much for se-grip differentiation, so the loop will tip you off.Genderfluidity may have confused you, too. I'd prefer if people mistook me for a guy online.You know what, I don't, but [here's a great post](https://introvertdear.com/news/infj-mistyped-as-an-intj/) by a male infj who discusses his initial mistype. Maybe this will resonate with You?I think it's terseness and lack of emoticons?? who knows

&gt;If you'd prefer to be mistaken for a guy online then you're likely to (consciously or subconsciously) pick up a "male" writing style, whatever that means

Interesting, I'm the opposite.  I just wrote the way I normally wrote and you're not the first person to mistaken me for a guy, so now I roll with it.  Interestingly enough, I'm no way physically masculine, so no confusion IRL, lol!nah b, lovin' this type here, issues and all.Again, I'm on the other end of the spectrum.  I'm almost hyper aware of how people perceive me, and would rather *not* know sometimes.&gt;I think growing up in a difficult and often emotional family, I absorbed the negativity which made me shut off and become distant. This impacted on me socially and people experienced me as cold so I had convinced myself I was INTJ, especially because I excelled at logical subjects during school.

Yo same.  Except I wasn't good at logical subjects, sooo......... Ni-Ti loop anyone? XD

It's scary because now I'm able to identify when my Fe is turned off.  I was socially outcasted because of weird, toxic, cliquey school culture (I can objectively say it wasn't anything *about me* that was wrong.  There were a group of specifically-ostracized children at my school, and upon meeting the others, *all of them* were perfectly normal kids.  it was fucking weird).  So I think I learned to turn Fe off so that I could just stop feeling the negativity.  Since you grew up in a turbulent environment, it's entirely plausible your Fe's been neglected.

You'll also find that as a Fe-user, *developing* Fe feels great.  If you are an INTJ, you may actually find Fe-development grating and uncomfortable because it's just not in your natural stack.  Developing Fe means being alright with letting go of personal needs for group cohesion, becoming completely understood, and also being able to pick up on the emotions of others.  I'm not saying Fi-stack people can't do this, it's just typically, Fi-stack people *abhor* the idea of cowing to the group.  There's an innate desire for individualism.  Hope this helps your self-discovery!I guess, but I'd rather engage.Interesting bc now I've noticed I don't see a lot of male tarot readers. Huh!Whoa holy shit there are like 7 red flags in what you just listed, please think hard about whether or not you want to be with this person for the next 3-10 years.  if you see that, then you may last forever with him, but yiiiikes.I don't think Fe users are all default polite and flowy per se, only type 9s really get that description.  But Fe users don't think or decide to prioritize others, it's not a conscious moral decision, whereas I've found that Fi users who stress prioritizing others have a very conscious mental dialogue while doing so.  "If I were this person, I'd appreciate x and y and z, so I'm going to practice what I preach."  A Fe user would just do it without relating their actions to themselves, I.e. none of the "how would I feel" dialogue.

Fe can also run the other way, type 8-aggression, as it tries to wrangle others into what it perceives as socially harmonious. So yeah, different flavours and nuances split the enneagram feelers.

I stop talking to anyone in my life.  I retreat deeply into my own little world.  Trying new things scares me, because I'm sure everything will end in a disaster (Ni + Ti).  I can become quite paranoid (these people hate me, these people will harm me) and draw really insane conclusions that may not be objectively reasonable (x said y to me, which hurt me, so x *must* have known how to manipulate me).  I also become completely disconnected from my emotions.  Often that just leads to me crying in bed for hours, not knowing what's wrong, only that I feel general waves of "AHHHHHHHHH".  If you asked me what was wrong, I'd just end up crying, and would not be able to articulate what is happening to me.

On the outside, however, unless my close circle is diligent, it will appear as if nothing is wrong.  I do not appear moody or irritable or anything.  I've noticed that when I'm in a Ni-Ti loop, I may be clingier, i.e. I yearn to talk to friends, I'm scared to be alone.  Especially since being around other people triggers Fe to activate, I'm usually quick to "balance" once I'm around friends/family.  Left alone and the ni-ti spirals into the abyss.  The shittiest time of my life was two years ago when I experienced the onset of moderate generalized anxiety disorder, which was previously never in my life (I just dealt with depression throughout middleschool onward).  So anxiety made me want to avoid people... people who could help me out of my depressed/anxious moods.  ^^; what a conundrum!

Often Se grip comes in, too, so I'll either eat and sleep and sex a lot more, or a lot less.  I tend to drastically eat more and drastically sleep/sex less.

I think this is why I like mbti, because I learned about this behaviour of mine, I know how to combat it more effectively now.  





the NFs are all trainwrecks of emotion&gt;Oh okay I see. That would work the other way around too right? For example, "I'm not going to do X to the person because I wouldn't want anyone doing X to me."

Spot on.  As a Fe dom, frankly, I *never* think this.  I always think, "Well, it's common sense to treat people like x because x is the *right thing* to do."  It has nothing to do with my feelings, and all to do with a prioritization of harmony.  I'm not in the picture in this decision-making process.

&gt;How can you tell if this mentality is subconscious though?

I... can't help you with that.  My poor excuse is that I'm a Ni dom and I just *know* after interacting with someone for a while if they fall under Fi or Fe.  If they don't even realize it's their way of thinking, then feeling is likely in inferior or tertiary!&gt;Oh that's interesting. What about, "I'm going to do X because I should do it." Is that the same as the right thing to do aka Fe?

I think so.  The key to distinguishing Fi and Fe, however, is really less about the shoulds vs wants.  I've noticed that Fi doms really resent social pressure, and will always deep down resent being "pressured" to do things because of what society wants, whereas Fe doms will usually see the "logic" behind social pressure.  If that makes sense?Lies; this list is too optimistic to have been jacked by an INFJ. It was an ENFP I tell you!I think you're the only person on this thread who chose an introvert type!More lies; you just described an enfj ;DAh yes, the ever-troubling E/I question.

Young NFJ, welcome to the quagmire of self-doubt lmao

I kid.  [Please take a look at this article about Dominant-Tertiary function looping,](http://infj-mbti.tumblr.com/post/126404186698/can-you-describe-what-each-loop-looksacts-like) which happens when people become stressed and Auxiliary stops functioning for the moment.  Or, it happens when you end up developing your 3rd function instead of your 2nd, which can happen if you grow up with parents that favour your 3rd (happened in my case, I have a Ti/Te dom mom/dad duo, and that Fe really got neglected for a while).  You get an overload of one attitude, as in, too much Intro or Extraversion.  An INFJ's Ni-Ti loop looks *nothing* like an ENFJ's Fe-Se loop; stressed INFJs are like the worst of the robotic ISTPs, and stressed ENFJs are like the most reckless and non-self-preserving of ESFPs.  Take a look at yourself when you're stressed out, see which resonates more.

Also, under times of extreme duress, you fall into what is called an Inferior Grip, as in you bypass both 2nd and 3rd function and straight into 4th for self-soothing behaviour.  An INFJ grips with Se--sleep, sex, overeating, undereating, overexcercising, self-harm, and binge-buying materialistic goods are all coping methods.  The key to a Se grip is that the behaviours are *clearly* unhealthy.  An ENFJ, on the other hand, grips with Ti--overwhelmed by thoughts, asserting facts that are not objectively reasonable, mistaking emotionally-charged statements as rational, aaand projecting insecurities (being very critical while also becoming very sensitive).  

Both types deeply care about people and will naturally choose to go with what "socially lubricates" a situation, i.e. put their own needs aside for the moment to succumb to the group.  If you have any more questions, shoot 'em my way.I can't really explain being a Ti-dom because I'm not one, lol, but here's what I know about being a Ni-dom:

* I see patterns and interconnectedness in everything.  Nothing exists in a vacuum.  There is always a reason something happens.  Absolute chaos and entropy frightens/fascinates me as a concept.

* Paired with Se, I am constantly examining the environment.  Temperature/colour/body language/*how* something is said vs what is being said.  Se helps me draw conclusions with Ni.  "Se is showing me that Mary is tense and flinches around Bob.  Ni tells me that she is sensitive to noise, and if Bob doesn't pick up on this soon, Mary will withdraw."

* On a similar note, I think Ti tends to keep things "open" and "possible", whereas Ni thinks in absolutes.  "This WILL happen.  This SHOULD happen."

* Unlike typical descriptions of Ti, I am not interested in exploring a topic just to understand it thoroughly. I innately feel like I understand everything (which is objectively untrue, but it's ni! lol).  If I am doing deep research, it's either a new topic I know nothing about and I wish to educate myself, or it's to confirm my "hunches" about things.  

* My best friend is an INTP and sometimes she will go *deep* into the wikipedia rabbit hole to read up on something she's obsessed with.  She retains information like a sponge.  Since I'm an INFJ, I have Ti in my stack, and I really enjoy reading/worldbuilding/brainstorming, but I clearly need a structure in order to keep my information accessible.  I take notes, I use excel, I doodle, etc.  My INTP friend just seems to *know* and *remember* everything that's relevant.  I'm jealous!

hope this helps!Sorry man I'm gonna need a 2 sentence tldr summary of the above. All of that went way over my head.I confess I'm still confused, however, I feel like you would very much enjoy the [Zero Escape ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zero_Escape) series. You strike me as someone who would enjoy the mind-blowing philosophical questions this series poses. 

I need to google a lot of your terms before being able to tell you which one I believe, I'll answer you later!Obligatory "thinkers feel things too guys" comment.

Every thinker I know is somehow more romantic than me.  I *think* I'm romantic til my ISTP sister opens her mouth and talks about how she's willing to cross the ocean to be with her LDR boyfriend and she'd risk it all to be with him because he's That Precious to her.  Then I'm like daaamn, aren't you supposed to feel 0 things?  

I jest.  &gt;thinkers naturally have higher emotional intelligence

-gigglesnort-I'm an INFJ and I've been told my temper is really frightening.

But I don't blow up quickly.  Slow burn, baby.agreed, and piggybacking off of this - if I can type someone quickly, I can "reorient" myself a certain way as I speak.  I may appeal to pathos with a clear feeler, and stay reserved with a clear thinker, just as a way of respecting different communication styles.Imagine you are arguing with someone the factual validity of something.

You know they are incorrect.  If you correct them but in a "gentle" way because you are cognizant not to offend, you're likely a feeler.  If you correct and get annoyed or bewildered when they're offended by your correction, you are likely a thinker.

Edit: of course, feelers will be annoyed and thinkers will feel bad by another party being offended, but the key is your original intent. Do you avoid hurt feelings first, or avoid incorrect facts first?

Super generalized but this has helped me distinguished inxj. I suggest you narrow down the f/t before the p/j as that one takes more work.

for what it's worth, I also think you're an INFP.I got ENxJ.  Literally near 50/50 on the F/T, with F being higher.  Interesting!have you considered INTP?? Some of the things you've mentioned make me think of inferior Fe (paranoia about people thinking badly of you, but no desire to engage, and also wanting to be liked).  You don't strike me as a sensor, if that helps.polarized extreme examples ahoy

Fe doms can be the worst, most life-destroying levels of petty.  Think an aggressive, persistent child who ruins another child's entire schooling experience through all sorts of bullying (cyber, verbal, physical, social).  Swaying other people's emotions *against* one for no good reason other than perceived slight or boredom.

Fi doms can be the most aggravating, toxic people to live with.  Everything becomes about them and everything *you* do suddenly isn't good enough to meet their standards.  They may not tell you that deep down, everything you do repulses them, but it shows in their actions and that will eventually wear away at your sense of self.

Fe aux can be livid and controlling.  Everything is offensive and everything should be policed.  Fi aux can be whiny and me-me-me--think of any suburban mom going off on a poor cashier type of trope.  

honestly trying to quantify "good" and "bad" people is already risky.  all mbti types can be terrible.  we're all terrible together :DLots of tests use laziness/go with the flow vs buzzy/get shit done to dichotomize P and J.  So relaxed Js and workaholic Ps get misled all the time.It's not sentence stretching so much as polite linguistic buffers.

I can't remember the source for this right now but essentially, [you know all that hubbub about using Strong vs Weak language?](http://www.voximpact.com/power-your-language-weed-out-the-weak-words/) This link goes to Vox Impact's article about the types of "weak language" that undermine assertive statements.

I have a theory that NFJs *purposefully* inject tags, qualifiers, and hedges in order to lessen the "hardness" of their opinions.  The goal is to be harmonic and communicative, and perceived assertiveness can hinder that goal.  So yeah.  Your example sounds like they don't really understand the use of "per se" though.  LOLA young female ENFP.  

You better give her a GREAT redemption arc tho.physical activities are **not fun**, period.

-infj with really weak seIf you *can't* really care, then it's pretty much impossible to develop Fe.

If you haven't put the effort into caring, then that's the difference.  Empathy is a literal muscle one has to exercise.  

Try googling active listening.  It really helps.
Yes, I do it while speaking aloud.  Especially in the presence of other women.  In writing communication, I've noticed that I'm much more, uh, NTJ.  

If it's only this person in question, perhaps you cannot generalize this to all NFJs.  You never know.  Maybe they're a stutterer who needs time to "pass" as a smooth speaker.  Maybe they have stuff buried in their past where they have to tiptoe around communication and that's impacted their ability to be concise.  I say investigate with the goal of understanding them, rather than letting their linguistic tic annoy you.Write him as an ENTP.  Tertiary Fe for the kindhearted and hates talking about emotions; original and creative/lazy disinterest as Ne; maybe Ne-Ti idealism.  Colour him as a thinker.  

Give him flaws.  All of his flaws right now can be passed off as adorkable protagonist traits.  Yawn!  Extremely sarcastic, you say?  Socially awkward?  No.  Make it so that he *deeply* hurts people because he's caustic and unaware.  Make it so that he's a hypocrite; he's wildly confused when other people react negatively to him and he thinks they don't "get him" when in reality, they are reacting to the rude way he behaves.  Make it so that warmer, more sensitive characters are either disheartened by him tuning out, or completely and mysteriously cold-shoulder him.  Make it so that high Fe-elers judge him immediately and decide not to waste their time.  Make high Fi-elers question his authenticity.  Make Te-thinkers accuse him of having no vision.  Make him buzz with other Ne doms. 
 Make him have a fun, laid-back ESFP best friend who he can be himself with.  etc etc etc.  Go nuts.Have any of the responses in this thread given you insight?My shorthand for figuring out feelers and thinkers:

In an argument, Feelers are naturally anxious about the relationship changing between them and their opponent.  What if what I say angers them?  What if I hurt their feelings?  What if I say something I don't mean in the moment?  What if the decision I make now negatively affects their life?

Thinkers are naturally anxious about arriving at an incorrect, misunderstood conclusion.  What if this person continues to believe the wrong thing?  What if I didn't do my job properly in sharing my knowledge?  What if I make the incorrect decision and it costs us later?

Secondly, yes.  MBTI is all about preferences.  Any healthy person should use all 8 functions at appropriate times, but your type is the "default preference" for approaching situations.

Not all thinkers are logical and objective.  Not all feelers are moral and kind.  You can have a morally-oriented thinker and a pragmatic feeler!
not gonna lie, this was so quintessentially and stereotypically INFP that I almost clapped.  that Fi-Ne-Si is *glimmering*.dude shh don't blow our cover we're the *quiet edge*
apparently I'm really scary because i speak in a low voice and my eyes sharpen.

i think my infp grandma is scarier though.  she breaks shit when she's mad.  throws lamps and dishes.  i agree with the thread about the Vulnerable (7th  function) manifesting during times of rage.  Understand that just because you are a certain type, that doesn't mean you can *never* use the shadow functions.  Functions are available to everyone at every time; it's natural preference for 2 that determines your type.  So don't lose hope.  You'll get it once you have more time to immerse yourself in an opposing view.I believe it's difficult to deduce nature versus nurture in MBTI, especially since MBTI *is* technically psuedoscience.  These observations are all hard to empirically prove.  But!  I wonder the same thing myself, since when I observe my natural state, I *still* question whether or not I'm just a *really* emotional INTJ or if I'm just a *really* cold INFJ, lol.

I think it's like handedness.  Everybody is born with a natural, physical preference for one hand.  If you're forced to train the other, then you *will* eventually favour that one, no matter what you were born with.  And if you practice with both, you'll be ambidextrous.  So I think all people gravitate towards the preference for their top 2 (which determines who you are), but through life experiences will eventually emerge with *the* two that they'll default use in the end.  We don't choose our stacks, and it's so rare for people to *perfectly* use the 4 functions of their type.  So it's really the top two that determine it all.I think the people who try to manipulate ENFPs head on just aren't very good at manipulating.Hon I can tell you that you are *not* a Ni user, lol, so strike that INTJ off your list.  

I say this because Ni-Se axis.  You are definitely on the Ne-Si axis, based on this post.  

&gt;What about all your beautiful memories with your stuffed animal, your nights together, what about "teddy's" feelings? (or his/her name).

Siiii holy shit

&gt;Those are events that happened only in this universe, between a trillon of possibilities in a trillon of stars. A lot of things could happen, but that hug in middle night when you woke up scared happened.

Ne omg

Try looking up the axes to help.  Ni-Se, Ne-Si; and Fi-Te, Fe-Ti.  You really only have preference for one out of the two.  Yes, you'll use Ni and Se sometimes, but your default preference is likely for Ne-Si.  And from the rest of your comments, you strike me as Fi-Te as well.

So now you gotta figure out your order.  Ne-Si and Fi-Te give you the Feeler possibilities of INFP, ISFP, ENFP, ESFP.  Since your type list only includes introverts, I say narrow it down to ISFP or INFP.  Hmm, this is also tough.  I agree that there is some stack shifting for certain people, but as someone who's *always* been a Ni dom, I'm a personal good example of the argument favouring nature instead of nurture (raised by Se mom, Ne dad, and Te stepdad..... LMAO STILL USIN' THAT NI-FE).  Sorry for the TLDR, I'm trying to flush out a lot of theoretical variables involved for why functions "change".

One, function bleeding.  For example, say a Fi-dom child grows up in a Fe-dom household.  Constant input about being selfless, about not whining, about doing things to be nice to others, etc etc, will colour the Fi-dom child's values.  Fi-dom will eventually *look* Fe dom, but instead of really fostering social harmony due to internal tension, Fi-dom child fosters social harmony because it's the *right thing to do*.  I think this kind of Je-Ji bleeding is what causes a *lot* of self-doubt in typing, Fi vs Fe or Ti vs Te.

Two, a Feeler child growing up with hard Thinker parents (stereotyping here).  Say if you are a sensitive feeler child who is praised primarily for academic achievements and disciplined for "overt" emotional expression.  Feeler child may grow up with the wrong belief that they're a Thinker after a while.  Then, when finally independent, Feeler child may naturally gravitate back towards Feeling.  Does that kind of make sense lol, like, the way a lot of Feeler boys get super confused in their teenage years as they realize they're not as "masculine" (thinker-like) as their peers.  This should work vice-versa, for Thinker children in high Feeler environments.  The child may gravitate "back" towards their preferred Judging type. 

Three, trauma.  By that, I mean both emotional *and* actual physical head trauma.  Personalities change with trauma and that's also likely linked... but it's difficult, again, to get empirical evidence :/ 

I think teenage/early adulthood offers people the independence and decision-making that many young people do not have.  It's in this space of independence that the Self gets to develop and flourish, so cognitive habits may change and settle by mid-20s.grass:  Grass-types are friendly, easygoing and good-natured. They flourish among friends where they can express themselves freely and have no fear of being different.

huh, spot on.i feel so attacked right now, i *was* that 12 year old LMAO-cracks knuckles- Intuitives first.  I loved your descriptions, by the way.

ENFJ - The girl who smiles at you quickly at the table when you first meet everybody.  Well-dressed but not superfluous.  She is usually young (mid twenties, mature enough to know shit but young enough to still be *young*), but for some reason, you find her smile lines distinct on an otherwise blemish-free face.  Expressive eyebrows, you can tell when she's annoyed and trying to hide it.  Always has a piece of statement jewelry.

INFJ - 24-year-old man who is always deep in thought.  Even if he has light eyes, they look a bit darker.  You always see him carrying a book, either for writing or for reading.  Always a little tense around the shoulders.  Never dressed poorly but you think he can try a bit harder.  When he laughs, you realize he's kind of a dork.

ENFP - 15-year-old girl who unironically loves everything.  Has cat ear accessories and looks cute in it.  May have a phone case with liquid glitter.  When she opens her mouth, you realize she has a surprisingly soft voice despite how loud her wardrobe can be.  Always has interesting shoes.  

INFP - 17-year-old girl who always hides behind her long bangs.  Always looks dreamy and not-there, a little unapproachable.  If you get her talking about puppies her eyes *light tf up*.  Self-conscious, but also somehow confident??  You'll be able to identify her from all the pins on her backpack from her favourite fandoms.

ENTP - 28-year-old guy who talks really, really loudly.  Moves aggressively, but will tone it down if he notices softies around him.  Has several tattoos, all of which have cool stories behind them.  Always in running shoes.  Where he running to?  Who knows!

INTP - 20-year-old girl who wears a *lot* of black.  Unironic black nail polish.  Clearly loves metal bands.  May have a lot of piercings but in inconspicious places.  Her voice is really, really soft, even though she asserts opinions at surprising times.  Deep bags under her eyes.  Does she ever sleep? l m a o 

ENTJ - 35-year-old man who is somehow always in a suit.  Coiffed hair, immaculate shoes, always on the phone.  When he does chill out to hang with you, you're taken aback by his raunchy humor.  Shaves daily, even tweezes his eyebrows.  Sometimes you'll find a cat/dog hair on his sleeve.

INTJ - 18-year-old girl with sharp eyes.  Her language is peppered with smart meme references.  She always looks super cool.  When you meet her you can't help but feel like you have a crush on her.  Might also have an INTJ brother who is surprisingly gentle in comparison.  You wonder how they can be so alike *and* so different.

sensors later after work

Depends.  Are you anxious and feel like you *need* to overshare to gain leverage in a conversation?  That'd be weak Fe, so INTP.

Are you just meh and wanting to entertain the masses with your sharing?  Tertiary Fe, so ENTP.INFJ - poorly-timed rage.Hmm... In a condensed list format with context:

- All or nothing.  Context:  For some reason I've been accused by an INFP friend once upon a time as inconsiderate and unsympathetic.  I had said one "wrong thing" (i.e. instead of validating her I suggested she shift perspectives and try to see from a different angle) near the end of a 4am comfort session.  This is an extreme example, but I've found that INFP friends can really be "all or nothing".  My brand of comfort wasn't the brand she wanted, therefore I was immediately looped into "inconsiderate, unsympathetic".  This kind of behaviour extends to other things too.  "I saw this person litter therefore I think they are terrible."  "I didn't succeed on my first try at x therefore i am a failure".  At worst this can hurt my feelings, and at *worst* worst, I feel like INFPs have to live with this every single day.

- Bottle and exploding.  Just talk to me when you're unhappy about something.  I find most of my Fi-user friends have this problem--unhappiness leads to confrontation rather than communication.  Sometimes I'm not even the source of the problem, but will receive the exploding fury once the INFP cracks, hahaha

- Problems taking criticism.  Sometimes people are criticising your work to improve it, not to attack you as a person.  Esp because I work in the fine arts (painting, design, drawing, etc), I run into a *LOT* of offended Fi-doms.  I get very, very tired when I have to tiptoe around a sensitive IxFP who spirals into self-loathing at criticism.  I don't want to set you on that path, and I don't have time to deescalate if it happens.

...that's genuinely it, I don't find anything else problematic with INFPs?? I think INFP people get bad rep online because there's some sort of cringe culture associated with sappy, sad, and sensitive stereotypical INFPs, which doesn't even remotely begin to encompass the nuances of someone IRL.  
I can't say MBTI types are directly heritable, but general personality?  yes.  

For example, my mother and I are both warm, affluent, talkative people who like to joke and unironically compliment people.  We're both into fashion and music and arts and tend to make a lot of friends.  She's an ESTP, I'm an INFJ, looool.

So personality "traits" are definitely hereditary, (don't quote me on this i don't have the source but i'm sure if we dig there'll be some studies), but I doubt personality types do.wait i fucked up, just found a similar thread from just a day ago

https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/72pscc/what_are_some_reason_people_would_not_like_infjs/

gonna delete this thread lmao
I second this.  INFPs do not, and cannot, and genuinely feel *awful* if they manipulate.

:D blanket statement but I have no moral qualms about manipulating people, especially because I see almost all forms of interaction as manipulation.  I'd think that the negative connotations of manipulation would turn off a Fi-dom immediately.i am that infj 1 lol

however my 2 wing says "but people are still great keep trying"

it's  an endless looping rollercoaster of fun!adding to this - we're also a receipt collector.  Remember that time on June 3 2004 when you said x and y to me?  *yeah, bitch.*

etc.yet another infj adding fuel to the fire, let's keep this roast going.

- I'm, like, super judgmental.  You say one thing that crosses my opinion about something and I am very quick to categorize you.  But also super sensitive to judgement.  "What, how can you just make a snap judgement about me when you don't Know Me?"  This used to be better when I was a child, I used to be non-judgmental and super sensitive, but now I dish it out too.  Yay hypocrisy!

- Sometimes I purposefully don't make eye contact so I don't have to talk to people.  I'm constantly weighing social interactions on a subconscious loss-benefit model.  What do I gain from this interaction?  What does it drain from me?  But then I get really saddened when I realize I haven't made meaningful connections.  This is especially true at work.  Any T dom would just tell me, idk, "You have two choices, pick one."  And I've picked, so... I shouldn't be too wistful, right?  Wrong.  Wistful all the time.  You'll hear me gripe about it if you're one of my good friends.

- Following on that, the people who *do* have my trust will hear me gripe endlessly about things.  I am a ranter.  I try to make it entertaining but I don't have enough Se(?) to gauge whether or not I'm succeeding.

- Cringy angsty edgy preteen phase.  Evanescence and Twilight and writing grimdark stories.  I could rationalise that I was hurting and needed any sort of outlet/stimulation that could emulate my internal turmoil.  But still.  *Twilight*.

- I am an emotional police.  My close family members have experienced my wrath when they act immature, or remotely express negative emotions.  In my world, that negative emotion genuinely distresses me, so I will do whatever it takes to get it out of my life.  That's both disrespectful and policing the healthy expression of emotions in those close to me.  I'm actively working on removing myself when other people are upset because I can hasten to "solve the problem" rather than actually being sympathetic.  That's the diff between empathy and sympathy, I think.

Hmm, I think one thing that really annoys me about ENFPs is the fact that they'll talk and talk and never really *ask* about things in return.

Like, it's weird because on any good day, that's a huge relief for an introvert like me.  I like it when ENFPs talk!  But it's hard not to feel like I'm just an armchair psychologist or a void in which they feel like they can rant anything.  Sometimes I want to be asked about my day too.  

It's weird because I see the opposite in the INFP in this regard,  in that INFPs rarely offer *anything* in a conversation unless asked.  Is this an NFP thing?  LOLoh yup, that's my previous experience too.  well, technically.  you're a judging dom (ti) and I'm a perceiving dom (ni) despite the fact the letters say j/p, lol

that's why it's difficult to do p vs j because it means so little.I definitely call things edgy and cringy if they are indeed edgy and cringy.

Like I'm edgy af.  Angsty edge.  Burnt cinnamonroll with an edge to it.  I think of cringy as things that cause terrible second-hand embarassment, while edgy is like, melodramatic and emotional without the need for it.  I embrace the edge and avoid the cringe, lol!

&gt;Like the very definition of "edgy" is subjective. When people call me "edgy" they're practically saying "my opinion of you is a fact". Which gets a me really mad.

It strikes me that you just don't like people asserting things about you to your face.  There's no avoiding that in everyday scenarios, unfortunately, so I say just embrace who you are and revel in accurate judgements of you, while dismissing inaccurate ones.  

Hmm, INFJ, Ni-Fe-Fi-Ti-Te-Ne-Se-Si in that exact order. Uhh h I think I'm a 1w2,126, sx/So? Not very clear about enneagram as I am about mbti tho.Casual, but if you put Super Smash Brothers in, *it's on*

1. Zelda, specifically all of them
2. Final Fantasy, specifically 4, 7, and 9
3. fucking Love Live School Idol Festival that shit made me unhealthy and I quit it but god I loved every song
4. Just Dance, hahahaha I know......... that inferior Se likes music and colours and silly dances, man
5. Phoenix Wright, specifically Apollo Justice
............damn, i'm definitely an INFJ but I swear I must have PoLR Si because this is exactly meHmmmm, a way I've typed myself between the E/I is looking at looping behaviour, which I tend to advise most people to do.  There's a part of the MBTI theory that states your dominant (1st function) *never turns off*, but your auxiliary (2nd function) can be stunted in growth in favour of your tertiary (3rd). This is because your dominant and tertiary functions are the same attitude (extroverted or introverted), so you may favour your tertiary over your auxiliary while growing up, and this leads to.... issues. 

so for example, an INFP who doesn't really develop their Ne and relies on Fi+Si is a dreamy escapist who reminisces about the past overmuch.  It'll always be about morals and personal feelings paired with "when I was young, the world was...".  That envisioning, broad-thinking, possibility-seeking Ne drive is missing, and you can have a depressed, withdrawn, oversensitive INFP who doesn't want to deal with the exterior world because they're happier being in the circle of their feelings and memories.

an ENFP will end up with Ne+Te, and it looks very manic and controlling.  The knee-jerk, natural inclination to seek "next steps" of Ne, paired with "everything Must Be Efficient And Perfect" Te, make for an exhausting person to deal with, and an exhausting person to *be*.  There's always the feeling of being the horse with the carrot - always feeling like you have to go forward and bite at a reward that will never be given to you.  Without Fi, which is checking your own emotions, your morals, your values and in general *your feelings*, a stressed or poorly-developed ENFP can straight-up trample over other people in a bout of emotional stress.

if you want the INFJ one, i can type that one up too
I think there's a big semantic mixup of empathy vs sympathy vs compassion a lot.

Empathy is emotional sponging.  It doesn't matter if you've never experienced the situation of the person you're talking to.  You *feel*, *acutely*, their pain and suffering, or their joy, or their annoyance.  With empathy, vague emotions ping loudly without context.  I'd like to say that based on MBTI theory, unless your stack is not exactly the same stack as ENFPs should be (happens a lot, actually; your top two really determine your type, and I've found a lot of people have a mixup of different functions in the last 6, so you may have Fe higher in the stack than a typical ENFP), what you're experiencing is likely not *empathy*, but sympathy and/or compassion.

Sympathy is the soul-searing ability to feel *for* someone.  You may have a similar experience, and even though you're not sure if the person is feeling exactly the thing you felt, you still *feel* for them being in a difficult situation.  

Compassion is the drive to improve situations for those in need.  Compassion is what I think "people pleasing" is.  It's feeling like you want to make this person happy because you want praise, but also you want them to be comfortable and satisfied.  It can range from compassion to those in dire straits to compassion for your mom who's asked you to do a chore so she doesn't have to.  Etc.

I've felt empathy for someone with *zero* sympathy and *zero* compassion before.  I've seen a person break down and cry, and felt that acute pain of being overwhelmed and stressed and pushed to the edge that they feel... but zero inclination to feel bad for them, zero inclination to help them, zero inclination to reach out at all.  Likewise, I've experienced the other two in isolation as well.  Sympathy by feeling for someone, listening to them, but not *feeling* their emotion (empathy) or feeling spurred to action (compassion).  And compassion like donating to the Puerto Rico relief fund--I have never experienced a flood/tornado/natural disaster so I can't even be sympathetic because I just *do not* have any similar experiences, and I have avoided the news of this altogether just to avoid the empathy pangs.  But I will donate because I am spurred to aid.  

sorry this was so lengthy, I hope this clears up some stuff about Fi/Fe along the way.I agree with this.  I also had the same issues with PoLR Te/Si in order to figure out xNFJ XD

I read [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4ow41t/how_do_you_guys_tell_apart_the_inferior_and_the/d4g48hd/) explaining the difference between Inferior and PoLR and it was quite helpful.  PoLR seems to be the function we want to reject the most, and for me, that's definitely Si.  I don't want to feel my body, I don't want to compare past experiences to current ones, and I certainly don't want to relax!  I want to be productive all the time!

I have a relevant response to you!

Yes to all of the above. However, I'm not particularly of the mindset "us against the world".  As an INFJ my wisest piece of advice is that you are alone in this world, and loneliness is a part of life, and nobody can be 100% connected with you at all times.  Coming to terms with this loneliness has enlightened me.  It's made me appreciate any moment where I feel so close with someone that it feels like we're psychologically and spiritually in sync. Even if you grow apart from the people who make you feel that way, the connection has happened and it will change you for the better.

I think Fe and Fi are just misunderstood because there is a general distaste in the Western world for things that are overly emotional, therefore Fe and Fi have "bad reputations" that Te and Ti do not.  Fe is feeling the emotions like a river you swim in, following the flow and hoping it will carry you gently.  It's hoping people around you will be happy because, if they aren't, that directly impacts your *own* happiness via empathy.  Fi is more like the drive, the fire, the passion inside yourself. The things you think are right and wrong, your personal fears and hopes, how you organically react to the events around you without the influence of other people.

 I envy Fi users because I often feel like I can never really show how I feel.  I'm always aware when people are watching and I worry about how my outward expressions of emotion will affect them.  I dislike this online Fe vs fi battle and think everyone should use a bit of both.Enfjs and intps for me. Enfjs are skilled at kindness, whereas intps are earnest.This gives me such an intensely fulfilling feeling, thanks for writing this up. Hmm, As a kid I was quite bossy and clearly a ringleader. I enjoyed socializing but demanded personal space. I would also police the behaviour of other children and harass those who didn't fall in line with my vision of harmony. Usually, I'd pick on the kids who were clearly aggressive and dickish, sticking up for the kind and abused underdogs.

As I got older, I dived deeeeeep into Ti, especially after moving to a school with a horrendous streak of bullying (i.e. one boy was beaten black and blue by a group of older boys; I'm a girl so I received the ostracization and not physical bullying).  My Fe shut down completely, I had to turn it off so I wouldn't feel the unwarranted hatred the other kids had for me just because they heard I was unpopular (I know this sounds surreal and dramatic, and I also can't believe it fucking happened.)  So I became deeply engrossed in Ti activities like reading and writing looots of fantasy, learning categorical things like constellations and tarot, and gaming.  

Now I'm in my 20s and seriously visiting Se. Taking meditation and exercise seriously, even though I still groan at the thought of doing it.  I've lost that immature INFJ part of me that wants to strongarm people into being *my* ideal visions of Nice and Happy. 

I'm approaching that part of my life now where I'm looking deeper into ENFP functions as my shadow. I am observing a few ENFP in my life for tips on how they live and perceive things, And trying to adapt it. It's not elegant and definitely not intrinsic, but ENFP thinking is so refreshing and great.  So here's to more development on the way!Hmm, you know that snapping point after being wtih people for too long where you're like "everybody fuck right off i need to be alone"?

I imagine it's like that, but in reverse.  Too long alone and it's like "where the fuck are the human beings in my life this is getting agitating"Out of curiosity what were your infj findingswhen I need to be rationalized out of my feelings and Get Shit Done, I turn to ExTJ

when I need to be sympathized with and loved, the xNFPs

when I need someone to reassure me that my decision was correct, the other NFJs, because that Fe resonance builds up my confidence

when I need to be smacked out of my funk and get back to reality, my ISTP sister lolI laughed way too hard at this Weirdly enough, I read somewhere that Hitler was an Infj.  I like that because he serves as a warning that even the "best stereotyped" mbti can be an evil person. He also serves as a warning. Damn why is this empty?? OP pls start the topic off!Both?  I think the INFs are all stereotyped as gentle helping healers hahaha, it's pretty nice to have a good rep but those are some big shoes to theoretically fillAbsurdist humor?  

Edit: shit, someone already mentioned that.  so yeah.
Ni and Si manMaybe this is a Ni-dom thing, but I agree.  Lying via omission rather than blatant, fabricated falsehoods.Heyo, you can get bullet points by double-spacing! I had this issue too, I didn't understand why your post had so many *

* so a double space above and below this makes a bullet

ya got the nfj part really spot-on :D[Looking good now!](https://i.imgur.com/KHOQEFE.png)I am not particularly attached to the strangers on the roads, but if one cuts me off, it's *fire and fury* lmao

I'm very short with certain strangers and very patient with others. The patience extends the closer you are to me.  Notoriously INFJs have problems asserting personal boundaries if hurt by a loved one. Wish there was some sort of scientific explanation, though. It's probably Ni-Fe, expecting things to be socially ideal but also understanding circumstantial nuance to forgive transgressions.Sounds like an ENTP in a terrible Ne-Fe grip. Constantly obsessing over self image and being suspicious of "the system" and that weak Ni feeding into a constant feeling of paranoia.

Source: currently have an exact version of this guy in my life lmaoI would love to see an ISFJ villain who knows everything he's doing is "wrong", but continues to carry on facilitating destruction because of a misguided, grit-teeth, "this is for the better of humankind" way. Bless that list of characters, thank youOne day you shall find one worthy of you 👍Huh! Probably! Hmm! Good point! I agree. May be an unhealthy ESTP there. I disagree that he's a feeler lmao."the uploader has not made this video available in your country"

no wonder i've never met an entj/enfj couple!Hell no.  I loooove ESTPs.   chill, get me outta my head, teach me how to just *be* in the moment.I think tertiary Fi is valued much higher than Fi in the upper stacks, for some reason.

It's valued in INTJs and ISTJs as the driving force behind decisions, the moral and ethical considerations behind Pi-Te action.  

Personally I'm annoyed when people dismiss emotion, because emotion is a powerful tool for communication and manipulation.  To dismiss it because it lacks "empirical value" is an insult to empiricism, lol.

Likewise, the distaste for Fi likely stems from Thinkers on the MBTI spectrum running into catastrophically overemotional people in daily living, then condemning Fi as a whole.  That's my two cents.  Wish there was real evidence to back it up aside from my Ni-based observations.I fucking worked as a credit card salesperson at a gas station for three weeks.  *three weeks* before I quit and never looked back.  I swear can repo shit, it'll hurt but INFJs also have the ability to think "well, if you were more diligent, this wouldn't have happened", so even if the justification is my own fabrication, it's somehow justified. but selling credit cards??  entangling people into a capitalistic system because your job security is threatened unless you meet quota?  *ughhghghghgh*I am the very opposite of this.  I like to hustle ;)  "Sorry guys, I'm new.  I don't really know how to play."  *-proceeds to destroy everyone and everything-*

but it only works once, because I don't want to look like a dickI also think "The Gift Of Fear" is a good one for this.  I've yet to read it but I've listened to some of the lectures of de Becker and he's one of the strongest Dom Ni users I've ever observed (INTJ).  He argues in his book *for* people to heed what they think are stupid hunches of nervousness and anxiety.  These hunches have served to save humankind throughout history, so why let the conscious rational mind persuade you otherwise?  etc.

it's quite interesting!  &gt;That's basically my perspective on Fi, and it's probably not changing for a while. But you should interpret that as me being stupid and ignorant, not me being right.

On the contrary, I see that as you being cautious and trying to be wise enough to pick up patterns in other people's behaviour before being hit with another emotional dump truck.  Not stupid at all.

True stupidity is asserting that "because I've met overemotional and terrible Fi users, all Fi users must be overemotional and terrible" :D

Well, you're an ISTP, so I say work with the Feeling you have, right?  In my personal experience, I don't think I'm bad at Fi at all.  I know exactly where my morals, preferences, ethics, and feelings lie.  I just would never choose them over the harmony of the group because that would cause me greater discomfort.  this... isn't really a romantic movie, but Only Lovers Left Alive.  It's a vampire movie.  *featuring Tilda Swinton and Tom Hiddleston*.  l i s t e n it is amazing, I mean, it's *kind of* romance but it's more like a gritty film noir drama than anything.Derp you're right.  Still don't hate 'em.  I wish they would speak gentler to me, but any time I spend in the company of an ESTJ, I am *guaranteed* to learn something.  And I value knowledge highly, so I value my interactions with ESTJs highly.Let's use just the Thinking function for now.

In my mind, I always put Thinking in a library.  Imagine you're in a library.

The dewey decimal system, the computer catalogues, and the librarians making sure all the books are not only in order, but curated so that readers can *best and most efficiently learn*, that's Te.

The books themselves, filled with specific and tailored knowledge of all sorts, that's Ti.

When I see Te users, I think of the way things are organized.  "What is the best way to present this information?  What is the most factually accurate way of communicating?  What can maximize the time and resources I have?"

When I see Ti users, I think of knowledge itself.  "What do I know about this?  How can I organize my thoughts and knowledge so that I can understand this concept better?  How much do I know about this thing?"  
huh! that would make sense.  doesn't help the mistyping between the INFx but would explain the difference in flavour for INFx elders :D&gt; They are too self-absorbed to make me happy. 

I

this

I...

-sits down and ponders for a moment-I feel like the happiest people I know are ENFPs.  Wouldn't mind being that for even a moment.I don't particularly think I'll glean anything useful from your explanation, so no.ISTJs are Good Eggswelcome to MBTI.  you see that list you got there?  *destroy it with fire*.

Proper MBTI examines *cognitive functions* and not behavioural patterns.  I literally have never seen the stereotype about ISFPs being evil.  Not even sure where you pulled that from.  For me (INFJ, 1w2, sx/so):

(+) : Wise, patient, decisive, creative, quick-witted, supportive, helpful, loving, good with words and writing

= : Sensitive, observant, quiet, loud (I've heard both.)

(-) : Moody, critical, judgmental, too intense, anxious, hypersensitive, too complicated, hypocritical (I hear this from someone I live with who is herself a hypocritical person, but hey. takes one to know one, so I have to be careful.)I do.  I venture that it's culture-dependent, since being a people-pleasure in my culture means you are affable and easy to get along with, and not a doormat like the typical Western interpretation.😂 oh *sir* I'd be *terribly* sorry if you wasted your *precious time* explaining to a *peon* like *me*If someone is offended by something she says, what's her knee jerk reaction?  Guilt, or confusion?Ding ding INFJ lmaoI think it's because a lot of the traits an INFP has are not valued in productive adult society.  For example, the generalized traits of being dreamy, sensitive, "childlike wonder", etc can get the INFP label bad flack that "efficient, organized, and Executive" ENTJ might not get.  Which is stupid, because dreaminess, sensitivity, and childlike wonder are crucial human traits that promote creative society.  So it feels like some of the dreamier Feeler types (Fi doms, INFJ, ENFP) yearn to be the socially-valued type.  IDK, my two cents.Oh, definitely.  Maturity plays in how much societal pressure affects self-image.INFJ: These codependent motherfuckers never ghost anyone even though they came up with a word which has the sole purpose of empowering them to believe that someday they just might.

too real

but also I've ghosted people, mostly roleplay partners whose writing style was.......... pure aggravation.  Nowadays I just let them know if I would drop, but back in my teen years, being conflict-averse and all, ghosting felt "better".
Oh holy hell the NFJs are disorganized with objects.  I'm an INFJ and my room is cluttered with shenanigans on every feasible surface.  My ex-roommate ENFJ looked like she lived in an explosion of clothing; you often couldn't even see the floor until she went on a crazy cleaning spree and would make everything *glittery and beautiful* again.

My ISTP sister's room is chaos.  I'm arguing for ISFP as most organized, only from experience.  

Enfjs. The girls who stood up for me and looked out for me throughout childhood in the face of bullying and adversity were all ENFJs. Thank y'all. *ask her out, ask her out, ask her out*

i mean, why not?  just let her know you're interested in her.  the worst thing that can happen is she turns you down?  Well, how long have you known her?  I think if it's only been like... idk, 1-3 meetings, maybe that's a bit too soon - you don't even know her yet.  but if it's been for a while, consistently she behaves like this, why not?My gut feeling is that it's the right time :D  best to you, friend.Unlikely clash duo but INFJ and INFP.  I think an INFP gets lured into a false sense of comforting, vulnerable security with an INFJ without realizing that INFJs can be hard pragmatists deep down. I've seen the clash a few times, where an INFP might go to INFJ seeking some sort of emotional comfort and receive a hard reality check instead, lol. Try Keys To Cognition, and then slowly exploring the functions, their dichotomies (e.g. Ti Vs Te), and their pairs (E. G. Ne-Si, Fe-Ti, Ni-Se, Fi-Te). When he talks, does he use concrete examples or metaphors more? It's super weird because I actually got INFJ vibes off this. A smug one, but he seems to use Fe-Ti (preserving peace, feeling annoyed when people don't pull their weight, being kind of brainy, somehow valuing intelligence and sitting on the less smart lol). INTP would be a good guess too. I've never met an older IxTJ who gives a shit about feeling intellectually superior or needing to verbalize it. They just *are* smarter without telling people they are 😉

Is he more Ne-Si or Ni-Se? I got Se values from him since you mentioned he likes expensive things and working out. Hence why INFJ, the Ni-Fe-Ti-Se order. I doubt he's an ESTP lol. I think this is Ni Dom commonality. Many INFJs do this too, with the exception of being in r/infj where there's no real need to state it since it's what's expected. Similarly, someone who only uses Fi and no Fe is a headache to be around. Social lubricant is necessary for interactions to flourish, and Weak Fe heavy Fi might lead to lots of toes being stepped on. An ISFP who's smoked just enough weed. Hmu son. I admire their ability to literally just go and do the thing they want to do. None of that mulling, weighing pros and cons, getting input... They know what they want and just *do it*. Inxj. Ding.

That stubbornness and feeling like he's centered, wise, but obstinate is likely very developed Ni. I know people are saying ISTJ but I think you should run being a Ni dom by him. Is he good with people(Fe)? As in, does he care about whether or not everyone in his environment is happy? Or is he better with facts and managerial work(Te)? As in, does he care more about factual correctness and wouldn't mind stepping on some toes for the sake of an argument? What's he like when he's stressed?  I say look into Ne-grip and Se-grip, they're *very* different.  ISTJ Ne-grip is like, constantly extrapolating inaccurate fancies about the future, random ideas, uncharacteristic bursts of energy, inability to make decisions the way he normally would.  INFJ Se-grip is like, suddenly eating, sleeping, exercise, sex, etc - visible increase or decrease of these activities.  Being very physically fatigued by noises or physical exertion.  I'd argue that it isn't true.  There are certainly immature Ni-dom/aux users who project and insist their own narrow-scoped truth, but by reality checks, I mean an example of the below.

Say INFP and INFJ are friends.  INFP gets into a conflict with a mutual friend.  When INFP friend bemoans the conflict, being hurt, and being angry at mutual friend, you might expect the INFJ friend to be an active-listening, supporting ear by virtue of INFJs being known for empathy and care.  But there's a high chance INFJ might just point out what INFP did wrong in the conflict, which is not what INFP wants to hear when hurting.  Depends on the level of Fi and Fe in each, if INFP is very Fi-clouded and INFJ is not using Fe or ignoring its signals altogether.  INFJ wants to solve the problem; INFP wanted comfort.  Neither are wrong, it's just a clash.l m a o everything you described to me is so terribly cringe.  I, too, cannot handle "insightful posts on Instagram meant to reflect on the destiny of mankind".  In defense of INFJs, I think *all* NFs have this problem with cottony sentimentality.

I think the INFJs who think they're special snowflakes probably are just immature, and trying to compensate for a general feeling of being misunderstood/lonely by assuring themselves that it's "just because I'm special".  Not really doing the work to figure out the crux of the problem, why they might feel alienated or "different".  Interestingly, I've observed the "I'm special" mentality in pretty much all the INxx. INTJs who think they're the smartest and most insightful people alive, INTPs who think they're the only Woke People and everyone else has been enslaved by some system, INFJs who take the "you are the rarest MBTI" *way too close to heart*, and INFPs who are mired in Enneagram 4 angst, regardless of their enneagram, lmfao.  INTPs and INFJs more than the other two, likely because of Fe.  Feeling "different" from other people, I think, is based off Fe-judgements of others vs self.

Still, saying all of this, I still think the INFJ and INFP pair are magical.  So much understanding and connection and growth.

It's definitely intense, and I say if you run into the odd vitriol or bigot, take it in stride and don't let it affect you 👌Interesting you say lack of Fi considering Fi is demonstrative in IxFJs, in that Fi tends to be utilized along Fe. Not prioritized, but definitely not weak or nonexistent.

I didn't mean to come off as superior. My example was the only thing I could come up with off the top of my head in my own interactions with a close INFP friebd, and I can confirm it's what happened because she told me her feelings on it verbatim XD "I needed you to comfort me, not tell me what I did to x." 

What makes you think Ni-Fe is condescending? Do you find it similarly in any of the other beta quad? ENFJ or ISTP or ESTP? I've seen that happen, too. It's hard to say, I'd surmise it's something about being a Feeler and feeling vulnerable that may lead to either J or P being on the unhappy end. I definitely hope you find a day, maybe when things have cooled and you two have grown to be different people, where you could apologize for your behaviour.  I appreciate your honesty in sharing this story, and I know relationship problems stem from both people, but it seems like you're clear-headed about how you behaved and that's a great place to be.all anecdotal, and yes!! I get gut feelings around types too!  Sometimes that's what helps me initially type someone and I adjust my behaviour accordingly.

*Extroverts*

ESTP - Amusement.  I can pick up when someone is an ESTP pretty quickly. I find them charming.  If they're chill and "stage"-like, I can tell they're ESTP.

ENTP - Annoyance, just because the handful I know are motormouths who tend to talk over me rather than listen.  I've met lady ENTPs whom I adore because they're socialized to be more tactful.

ESTJ - Tense.  Most ESTJs I know have a resting scowl that makes me nervous.  ESTJ women intimidate me more than men.  I'm much more quiet around ESTJs than usual.  I think ESTJs think I don't like them at first because I'm so non-reactive, but in reality, I'm just trying to navigate the pressure they exert.

ENTJ - I only know 1 and I love her so generally my tail wags whenever she's around.  Never met another ENTJ in my life.  The other "rare type" other than INFJs lmao.

ESFP - Quiet.  I really like watching ESFPs do their thing.  Won't engage, but I'll watch.

ENFP - Cheerful.  I like ENFPs.  I currently teach a young ENFP so I'm very eager to see her.  They give me an energetic buzz.

ESFJ - Unaffected. I know many ESFJs both male and female in real life, but interact only with 1 on a regular basis.  She's rly sweet, but when I meet new ESFJs I don't feel anything, lol.  No threat, no general "ooh!", just regular.

ENFJ - Excited.  I love meeting my extroverted brethren.  I can tell when someone's an ENFJ within minutes of talking to them and then I cliiing.

*Introverts*

ISTP - No reaction.  Not that I don't like ISTPs, it's the same as the ESFJs.  I'm surrounded by them and I don't have any specific reactions.  My younger sister's an ISTP and I'm generally very excited to see her, but that's it.

INTP - Aggression.  Not negative, though.  INTPs are one of my favourite types so when I meet one I'm like "time to grill that Ti".  I tend to bring up controversial topics without hesitation in front of an INTP just to see what they'll say.  I prefer arguing with an INTP than any other type because I don't think feelings are hurt at the end of the day.

ISTJ - Curious. I get along well with ISTJs and can chill w/ them.  They're more introverted than me so I might talk a lot to draw them out.

INTJ - Relaxed.  I like INTJs.  We just "get" each other.  I like to rib INTJs when I meet them because most of them I've found to be sensitive yet stable on the inside.  

ISFP - Wicked.  The ISFPs I know have really hilarious dirty humour.  When I meet one I automatically switch to dirty jokes.

INFP - Soft?  It's hard to say, but when I meet INFPs, I get very protective automatically.  the SMOLS of the mbti.  I'm related to a mentally-ill INFP, but even then, my natural inclination towards INFPs is to listen and partake in their little inner world.

ISFJ - Chill, just like the ISTJs, except I don't feel the same curious want to "probe" into how they think.  Most ISFJs I know are moms, so I enjoy playing a "younger" role with them.

INFJ - Joy.  I can tell when another INFJ is nearby.  It's rare, but it happens, and I'm like "CLING" again. My boyfriend is an INFJ, and we both had the same reaction of feeling so "at home" with each other when we met.  Can say things in really succinct ways that the other person just "gets".

yup, and I find many INTPs don't sneer in an argument.  as long as I stick to my logic and keep consistent, there's no name-calling, either.  sometimes *my* feelings get hurt when I argue with other types, but not with INTPs XDLike I'm not sure where all the flack against estps come from, I find y'all pretty zen!

I gotta unfortunately disagree with u tho, INFJs got no chill 😂😂😂 if you're ok with a friend who can sometimes get neurotic and kind of paranoid despite being mostly wise and patient and cheerful, then yes! Me mam's an ESTP and her one complaint about me is sometimes I get mad at intentions she didn't even have, which I'm trying to correct, and meanwhile she's learned to be more sensitive to my squishy feelings. you know what, it's funny you should say this because I worry all the time that I'm too judgemental and stressed LOL

but I've met people more judgmental and stressed than me of *all* types, so I think it depends on their health level rather than mbti.  I've definitely mellowed out with age, and I'm only in my early 20s, so I expect to be gooey and "go with the flow" in a decade, lol!

Long response ahead for context!  My mom *is* cool.  She's sacrificed a lot for me, but doesn't really think of it as "sacrifice" because she knows they were choices she made (with me in mind).  She was a single divorced mother at age 34, with 0 English, working like four jobs to keep us afloat for a long time until we met my stepdad.  She's effervescently cheerful and *crazy* hardworking.  Honest and not manipulative at all.  Now we're comfortably middle class together, so I really respect what she's done in her life.

There are certainly some things she should have been tougher on, like, if you do decide to be a parent one day and realize your kid is a Feeler, prrrooobably don't tell them "You're always oversensitive and overreactive to everything!" XD That was my one gripe with her as I was growing up, she was plenty supportive and great and fun-mom until my depression reared its ugly head.  I can't really be honest about feeling sad with her because I think she gets very nervous.  She takes it to heart, like, she considers my depression one of her own personal "failures" (even though I don't think so.  It's just genetics and a byproduct of bullying at school, y'know?) But instead of doing it the "soft way" and hunkering down to be like "What's wrong, talk to me, I want to know how you're feeling", she gets defensive when I'm sad, like, "stop reminding me about how you're unhappy".  It left me navigating very complex and confusing emotions at a young age alone, because I don't think she was emotionally equipped to deal with me, despite the fact that I'd often "be there" for her by virtue of being an empathetic kid.  That caused me a *lot* of issues for a while, a lot of insecurity and traits of codependency because supporting her emotionally while receiving shame when I needed support became what I thought was "normal" in relationships.  

But!! Now I'm a lot better, I'm older and I've been counselled out of those bad habits.  In every other venture, she really was the greatest.  Very supportive and gung-ho and encouraging.  She's definitely gotten more patient with age and she's *fifty years old* now, so if you're already working on patience at however old you are now, I'm sure you'll develop it long before fifty XDthe center of the largest black hole in the galaxy, where entropy and chaos is absolute.You know how Se and Ne doms kind of "buzz?"

If you don't sense that "buzz", probably a Pi dom.  Si doms feel "grounded" and "centered" and "task-focused" to me, like they're in the moment handling whatever they need to handle.  They're not reactive and quick the way Se doms are, but both are just as "present" as the other.

Ni doms feel "stormy" and "thoughtful" and "unreadable" depending on INxJ.  you can tell a Ni dom is always thinking, but not in that imaginative and canvassing way that Ne doms do.  There's no "what if I do this or that" on the expression of a Ni-dom's face, most of the time it's "I'm imagining *one* scenario down to its final concluding step" kind of expression.  that's how I tell them apart, at least!I don't mean for this to sound combative if it does, but, for example, I am an INFJ and a professional artist.  I draw and write religiously and when I'm not doing that, I'm on some sort of instrument.  Similarly, I have a close INFP friend who is also highly artistic, always drawing and doodling comics, etc.  I don't think artistic inclination is indicative of type.  

Secondly, 

&gt;Typically FP’s feel emotions really strongly and even take other’s emotions as their own.

This is really strange, because this strikes me more as Fe (sensing other emotions) than Fi (operating based on one's own emotions).  Internalizing external emotions is the archetypal Fe.  Could you clarify your experiences?  I'm not saying your wrong, you've clearly observed a pattern, but this contradicts what I understand of the functions.I was in preschool (age 4) and I distinctly remember when this bratty little girl in my class was stealing the playdoh from my pile.  I remember how focused I was on what I was creating, how I had a vision for the thing I wanted to make, and when she just reached over and grabbed playdoh off the sculpture *in my hands*, my Fe was *soooo fucking offended lmao*

I, uh, smacked her with a rolling pin, 😂😂😂 That got me in trouble, but at the time I distinctly remember my thought process being "You are behaving poorly and you need to be reprimanded.  You need to learn that bad things happen (Ni pattern + context + causation thinking) when you wrong others (Fe)."  obviously not in those words, because what 4 year old can verbalize that, lol, but the *instinct* was there.what in god's name is in the logo for Introverted Sensation??? window shutters??? *tombstones*???The trick is to be tactful.

All social interactions are a balancing game of give and take.  If something so seriously crosses your values that you cannot condone it in any way, such as you *refuse* to go to a party because you know drugs will be present and that crosses your moral code, you should never betray that integrity.

In your example, I say go in the attire that the bride/groom prefer.  Because that is a special, marked day in their lives, and if they're particular about dress code, you dressing deliberately in a suit would be consciously going against their expressed request.  It's *their* photographs and *their* wedding day and *their* milestone, so I can see how they make take offense if you chose to be in an attire "you're comfortable in" versus one "they asked you to be in".  These little "Fi sacrifices" shouldn't be painful for you, considering Fe is your demonstrative function (aka the one you don't mind using if it comes down to it).  And obviously, scenarios vary, but if it's for something that's very important to someone else that won't inconvenience you or strain your morality overmuch, you could consider/try going the Fe route and see how that feels, then readjust accordingly.  On the other hand, say if the bride and groom ask all in attendance to dress counter gender norms, then I'd give the same advice to a lady to go in the suit and tie as requested.

As for your shaved head thing, I have no idea why anyone would gripe.  Your decision in no way impacts anyone but yourself, so anyone who's remarking on it can go kindly step on a floor full of legos.  Rock your hair, fam.my humor is dark and raunchy and rely heavily on memes/pop culture references/personal references with the person I'm talking to.  I think the longer you know me, the funnier I get, because then I fine-tune the humor to you.  The most ENFP character I can think of is Steven from Steven Universe.  Effervescent, filled with ideas and positivity, sensitive to others' struggles, fun, etc.

i ship y'all with y'allselves man imagine two ENFPs together

it's like a supernova of ideas and love and communication and trying new things

also the sex would probably be great.  right?  i'm gonna pretend i'm right.Sure, but I've specifically mentioned that if the bride and groom *have explicitly stated dress code*, then I'd respect it even if I internally find it ridiculous.  Lots of people specify dress codes for their weddings for aesthetics' sake. Even if the drive behind a specific dress code is ridiculous and mired in gender normativity, it's still their wedding. Found the Ne! I find ENTPs genuinely turn into gentler mushier people around their loved ones

In contrast, as an INFJ, I think I get kinda dark around my partners. The more fucked up I can be around them, the more they have my trust. confirming estp and infj are a great friendship duo.  my mom is an estp and i think I'm a balanced person because of her.  I've learned a lot just by observing her, really helped me tap into that Fe and Se.Oofoh my god is *that* it?? LMAOI've actually seen a tie between the ENxPs for "most introverted".

Likewise, for some reason, I think the IxFJs are the most "extroverted of the introverts" for the same reason with Fe in second.  Fe is what is socially seen as "shy vs timid", the reticence or the eagerness to socialize and engage others.  So where it is on someone's stack (and Te in the Fi-Te types) can influence how outgoing someone looks.you shouldn't loop all types together.  if you knew someone who was genuinely kind and helpful, then learned they were an ENFJ, would you automatically attribute some secret manipulative underbelly to this person despite no prior evidence of them being like your unhealthy family member?Dom Ni here, the *second* I read about Introverted Intuition I knew it was my dominant.  It explained so much of how I process the world, how I interact with information and my surroundings.  I'm constantly picking up on context and subtext.  I scan for things that might not be visibly apparent, especially person-to-person conflicts or harmony as demanded of Fe, when interacting with people.  I never stop over-analyzing things to see what other patterns they affirm/deny.  

For example, when I meet someone who doesn't look me readily in the eye, I have three "possibilities" in my head.  One, this person doesn't like me.  Two, this person is hiding something they don't want me to know (Devoid of what they personally feel about me).  Or three, this person comes from a background of abuse [which is shown to affect eye contact](https://academic.oup.com/scan/article/9/1/88/1674624).  Then I will be engaging my other functions to gather evidence and prove one of these correct.  Kind of like Ne, but backwards - rather than wanting to find all sorts of possible solutions, I'm looking for the *one true solution*.I actually think that Akashi is an INFJ :O a hardcore 1 or 3 enneagram INFJ

he was in a really bad Ni-Ti loop, no Fe whatsoever and using his personal logic to win games, like chess.  He wasn't so much organizing everyone (Te) so much as putting them in the correct places (Se) based on what he knew about their strengths (Ti) in order to achieve his goal (Ni).  Akashi is known actually for being the "mom" of the team, making sure everyone eats and takes care of themselves, etc, before he cracks and develops his second violent personality.  I find that among the xNFJs, we'll partake in the religion if we grew up in it, but deep down, we're all deeply agnostic.

That isn't the same as spirituality, though.  Almost all the NFJs I know are somewhat spiritual, some belief of ghosts and spirits and higher powers, but as for believing in one omnipotent god, that's a different ballpark.Definitely, but in defense of SFJs, I also don't think all of them are "blind followers" either.  There's more of an embrace and focus on the positive aspects of religion as an SFJ, compared to, say, an NxJ cynic.Uncle Iroh from Avatar is veeeery INFJAll these insightful comments!!

My two cents:  While I disagree fundamentally with this post on the INFJ bits, I agree with the assertion that INTJs have a tough exterior but that they can care very well. 

 I find it quite amusing that an ENFP would assert that an INFJ has "feigned lip service emotions/empathy for others" considering I could say the same about an ENFP.  However, I understand my inherent "but you don't *really* feel for other people, ENFP, you fake it!" comes for the fact that we use Fe/Fi in the exact same spot with radically different behavioural expressions.  So from my childhood, observing ENFP social butterfly friends flit from one person to the other and be "very close" one second, learning so much about a friend's life and being very invested in their wellbeing, "suddenly bored" the next and drifting apart to revolve around the next new and interesting person despite having built all this - I could paint all ENFPs with one stroke of the brush.  Or!  I can consider the fact that the way they connect with people has true, deep merit, one that I might not value because I'm your complete opposite in functional attitude.

The other thing is, consider the Feeling in the stack.  I use Fe second; it is my tool.  At some point, that empathy can be  retracted when I've been pushed to a limit.  I can stop caring about the general distress of someone in my environment and I can stop providing them the typical warmth and support that INFJs are known for *if* I find my personal resources drained overmuch.  Obviously, do this enough to everyone around you, and you have a bad Dom-Tert loop, but it can happen basis-by-basis without damaging the basic health of a type.

For example, I have a coworker who constantly tells me that her daughters aren't patient with her when she's trying to learn how to use new tech.  I generally pick it up and teach her during lunch.  I care she's distressed and feeling ignored, I care that she's trying to better herself and struggling.  I could care less about exploring this distress any further beyond these points.  I don't need to know all the times she's tried to reach out to her daughters for help.  I don't need to have been in her shoes, relating it to any instances where I've been unknowledgeable and refused aid by someone more knowledgeable than me.  I'm not even interested in asking her about these stories of herself, because that extracts even more empathy from me.  All I need to know is it's distress.  I care that it's there, and considering Fe is an extroverted judging function, I care to alleviate the feeling.

On the other hand, when INTJs care, they *care care*.  Third function is your favourite toy, right?  Just like how I never stop analyzing and overanalyzing with 3rd Ti, sometimes falling prey to fallacious lines of thinking, I assume INTJs deep down roil with feelings and sympathy that they're not equipped to handle (unless well past the age of 25-30).  The way INTJs care is very involved; they stake their feelings on a person, and can become very, very stressed out if they watch a friend/loved one continue down a catastrophic emotional path.  I don't know enough INTJs to assert this confidently, but I hope one will chime in.Ideal INTJ, real INFJ 

8'D but i want to be a rational mental powerhouseThe NFs as grannies:

INFJs are the archetypal spirit grandma who has like flowers in her gray braid and weird ability to have birds land in her hands with no seeds or other incentives. Probably reads palms and tea leaves. 

INFPs the sweet old grannies who have lots of cats and tea and pictures of their grandbabies up on the walls. Also drawings that kids give her hang proudly on the fridge. 

ENFJs the grandmas who still look great and go out waltzing with her partner. Graceful and popular like Julie Andrews. Has like the best hair too, with no effort. 

ENFPs the super hilarious grandmas who go skydiving and bar hopping. Cannon-balling through their bucket list. Unabashed selfie instagram account with the occasional celebrity popping in. Unless I sense I'm unwelcome, or if someone triggers my anxiety, I am usually last to leave a party.

I assert my boundaries firmly and have a "once you are warned, you are warned" mentality. No second chances. If I didn't assert my boundary then bully on me, but if I have and someone crosses it, it's straight to the door slam 😂I'm an INFJ . Mom is ESTP, stepdad is ESTJ.  Bio dad is ENTP but we don't interact much.

Basically I appear ambiverted because my extroverted parents dragged me out of my hidey hole a lot.

The positives?  My mom is a charisma machine.  I learned how to be likeable by observing her.  Her Tert Fe was wonderful, and still is.  She's a fun party animal and she taught me how to make anyone like me on first impression alone.  That's a valuable skill that I am very grateful for.  My stepdad on the other hand taught me how to be responsible.  Te is a bitch to please, man.  There is a *precise* way to do things, and he made sure I knew what those ways were, lol!  But now I'm so much more organized and responsible for it.  He's got the most integrity I've ever seen in a human being, like, he feels certain things are his responsibility and no matter how tired he might be, he will still *do them*.  He has honestly never procrastinated a thing in my waking memory.  I'm trying to learn to do that more.

The only really *terrible* negative?  They used to get very frustrated with any emotional displays I had, and would constantly invalidate my problems.  I eventually stopped talking to them about any issues I had because I would be belittled (why are you so sensitive/weak/unable to stand up for yourself?) or dismissed (that's nothing, wait until you grow up and have real problems) so often.  

I lord it over their heads now ;) I'm meaan about it.  "Remember that time when I came to you for help about this overwhelming situation 
I couldn't handle as a child, and you shamed me for it?  And told me to stop crying and just solve problems on my own?  And now I handle shit better than you, and am *still* gracious enough to help you with your problems which I absolutely shouldn't considering you failed your basic function as a parent, which was to guide me?  Yeah me too."  

I am not humble in the least about this, I am a conflict resolution queen whilst they'd prefer to passive-aggressive or aggressive-confront someone. It caused me quite a bit of a loop during my teens, constantly questioning if my problems were even relevant or if I was just weak, but now I'm in my 20s and free of the Bullshit.  I'm freely emotional and empathetic and better for it.  Plus I still get the perks of having ESTx parents.Entj is too long. INTJ too short. Everything else is awesome!! An extj 😂😂😂The infps in my life have a bad problem projecting personal morals and attributing negative intent to people when it's unfounded. More so if it's a depressed/traumatized + angry infp. I've been accused of some headscratching things like "acting like their dad (who they hate)", that kind of thing. Maybe all the Fe and Ne doms.  But I'm an INFJ and I do it too.  It's a cultural thing for me, you just kind of talk over other people at a crowded table. XDINFJ and........... Have never watched. It's on my list tho. What's your personal recommendation of order of watch? Ok! Thanks! For me:
* INFJ - velvet red

* INFP - baby blue

* ENFJ - forest green

* ENFP - sunshine yellow

* INTJ - white-silver

* INTP - metallic blue

* ENTJ - matte black

* ENTP - soda pop orange

* ISFJ - warm beige

* ISFP - cmyk magenta

* ESFJ - bubblegum pink

* ESFP - cerise red

* ISTJ - mahogany brown

* ISTP - stone gray

* ESTJ - green-gray

* ESTP - electric violet

HBU? ~~edit: dammit, why won't these points bullet??? edit again: thanks dorito_kemsley!!~~

edit edit: in the defense of brown, it is a delicious, rich, and versatile colour D:&lt; stop the brown hate lolEach type and their general theme of posts XD what have you noticed?  This is off the top of my head from browsing each mbti over the course of the last year.  I've definitely noticed more interesting/positive than negative, but I've listed at least one "negative" impression, too.

* INFJ - "We Are All Here For You, Tell Us Your Problems" and deep emotional discussions, especially about mbti and all sorts of relationships--this sub sees a steady stream of other MBTI types looking for life advice, and not so much advice on how to actually interact with INFJs.  Negative posts: d e p r e s s i o n, "does anyone ever just feel worthless", oh *boy*


* ENFJ - Cookies and knitting and support!!! So sweet!!!  Lots of discussions of relationships, particularly romantic ones.  Also lots of discussions of how to deal with emotional things, with typical ENFJ inclination to actually listen to advice. The most eloquent of the mbti, emotionally.  Negative posts: The periodic underbelly of ENFJ insecurity/anxiety/sadness shows up, but all of it is level. Some pity-party wallowing is enabled, tho.


* INTP - "Look at this cool thing!!" + actual cool thing that is interesting to learn about, and touching requests like "How do I deal with emotions please help me".  Negative posts: edgelord, "i don't need other humans lol @ all u weak emotional people"


* ENTP - Crazy variety of interesting posts (please visit them at least once it's fascinating), then a constant, steady stream of DAE.  Negative posts: delusions of grandeur, especially circlejerking about how ENTPs are the "smartest" or at least the most mentally nimble type


* ENTJ - Surprisingly touching, lengthy discussions on emotion/love.  And then very interesting, anecdotal advice/discussion for other people seeking help about how to interact with ENTJs.  Negative posts: Revealing admissions of narcissism, "i think i'm actually the best human ever.  like ever.  these other people would not survive the apocalypse but I Would"


* INTJ - Excellent discussions.  Calm, level, controlled.  Steady stream of conversation.  Surprisingly sympathetic thread dwellers, all who offer clear and gentle insight.  Negative: From what I've noticed, majority of INTJ threads are based around negativity.  I.e. "I dislike x and y" and "why am I not good enough at x and y" versus "how to control (negative aspect) of self".  Also, immature INTJs tend to name-call.


* ESTJ - Short, concise questions to gauge opinion, and questions about the "real world" like occupations and dealing with certain circumstances, etc.  Negative posts: strong, inflexible opinions in the comments section, "you can believe what you believe but i still think you're an idiot" LOL


* ISTJ - Super calm discussions largely focused on real-world/current events (jobs, news, events, etc).  As concise as the ESTJ threads, but also mostly other types asking to get to know an ISTJ perspective better.  Negative posts: Do Not Imply They Are Bland.  and I agree; if you trigger ISTJ rage because you claim they're boring people, ya got it coming, mate. no one likes to be called substanceless but poor ISTJs get the brunt of it.


* ESFP - Where are you people??? your subreddit is dead.  This sub is almost ALL other types asking for ESFPs to clap back.  Generally I can see cute positive posts, "What do you like?" and "Advice on crushes!".  Negative: Literally an average of 2-3 comments per post, which only happens once in a blue moon.  Pls come online ESFPs we need you


* ISFP - Look At All Those Emotions, clarifying mbti confusion (ISFPs seem to steadily discuss how to tell if they *are* ISFP, in a "let's make sure we're accurately typing ourselves" way).  Negative posts: Man ISFPs are so hard on themselves.  Guys.  Pls.  Go visit the ENTJ thread and absorb some of that self-confidence goddamn


* INFP - Honestly this is the most active sub I've ever seen, it's hard to keep track of what happens.  There's like 3-5 posts a day and with lots of variety, and the INFPs are the *sweetest*--go there for comfort and humans who want you to be happy.  Negative: I'm genuinely unnerved by the amount of "i love all of you" and "infps are awesome" threads vs "i'm a failure", "i'm so lonely", "i'm sad all the time" posts.  That kind of polarization makes me worried.  I also notice a lot of extreme language that is telling--by extreme, I mean, instead of "sad, mad, bad", you get "heartbroken, enraged, repulsive"--language that is highly emotive.


* ENFP - Like the INFPs, but calmer!  Discussions of anxieties, relationships, long-term goals, and a great support system for ENFPs/people seeking to understand ENFPs.  Negative: The loneliest of all the types, I think.  Or at least, the most verbal about that loneliness.


* ISFJ - A beautiful blend between ISTJ calm and INFJ emotional support.  Almost always centered around romantic discussions, especially advice and support.  Negative: Low-key, most ISFJs seem like they're really hard on themselves, putting themselves down, etc.  Lots of soulful, sad discussions about past failures/coping.  


* ESFJ - Almost ALL talk about feelings, you'll never see the "what job do you do" or "what should I do to advance my career" stuff here.  ESFJs lurking in the comments to strike with really helpful insight.  Negative: This thread is FILLED with other MBTI people.  I can't get a good gauge of any ESFJ posts, ever.


* ESTP - The shortest and most digestable thread titles, lol.  Refreshing, straightforward opinions given with the best intentions. Negative: Even less participation than the ESFPs :(


* ISTP - As feelsy as the ISFJ thread, surprisingly.  Profound discussions of philosophy and existentialism, always a fun read.  Negative: Admissions of true, apathetic emptiness, makes me worried as an FJ.  A lot of discussions of "why do I have trouble making friends".


All edits are for dang formatting!

double edit: I'm bored at work and have a lot of time, I will likely uphold the conversation if you do.  Talk about your experiences with your subreddit, your insights, etc.  I'd love to learn.




Me, I grew up in a Thinking family, with two thinking parents, a thinking sister, and indeterminate grandparents (99% sure grandma is infp but other than her, all thinkers).

Pros:

1. I didn't have to constantly worry that what I say will deeply offend or hurt anyone. I am relieved by this because I know high Feeler families where EVERYTHING has to be carefully said.  It sounds exhausting!

2. My parents taught me not to wallow in my sad feelings. Sometimes when they forced me to get over it, I realized I *needed* to get over it, bc stewing was unhealthy.

3. It really made me more efficient and organized (Ti/Te balanced between my parents). I would be lazy and indulgent sometimes, but both parents were decidedly done with my bs and would whip me into shape.  They'd ask critical questions to challenge my logic and that made me better articulated.

4. I was encouraged to be highly critical of what I hear from other people.  There was never a moment of "Well, we should consider how this person was feeling when they said x".  As a Fe user, I'm constantly swept up in trying to acquiesce others, so this taught me to sniff out bs.

5. ISTJ dad is an immaculate machine when it comes to cleaning. I learned by example.

6. ESTP mom is SUPER witty and likeable. I learned how to be charismatic through her.


Cons:

1. I was the emotional pillar and mediator. Sometimes petty fights would *only* end with my intervention.

2. I never get closure for anything. When my family does things that deeply hurt me (comments on my worth or appearance, questioning if I can be an independent adult, questioning my cultural and intellectual identity, etc) I *always* have to get over it. It's getting better as I get older and I can stand my ground about how seriously I need this support, but for a while, i was convinced I was a whiny pissbaby for feeling hurt about perfectly reasonable things.

3. Sometimes my family members don't deal with their repressed emotions and it leads to full blown fights, objects thrown and all. I'm very drained by these confrontations (they're never directed at me but I witness it).  But whenever I suggest examining deeper underlying emotions that cause these conflicts, I get sheepishness, or absolute shut-downs of the conversation--or, we examine them, and it's in one ear, out the other.

4. My (neurotypical) mother has explicitly, verbally expressed to me that she is not interested in supporting me on my recovery from depression because she's "scared of dealing with it" (exact quote). I put this on the con list not bc I'm angry about it, but I imagine this might be a very big problem for some Feeler children.


I'd like to know your experiences, please!Hey /mbti, I've been trying to type a few characters so I could write them better, but I've been having troubles with the following two.  I'm listing traits that may clue in to their functions and also what I thought their type was. I'd appreciate sounding boards for better refining their charactwes, or help pinpointing which type they might actually be. All my original typings were done via dichotomy, I vs E, N vs S, etc, before I knew functions. And now I'm all puzzled.  I know not all people favour their functions in the same way that Jung prescribed, which is probably where it's getting sticky. 

I'd prefer to give them a concrete type. Psychological shorthands helps me stay in-character. 

**Skye**, original type ISTP

* Sassy, cautious, pretty hilarious dialogue-wise.

* She's very pretty and is objectively aware of it, but I don't really think she accepts prettiness as part of her identity.  She considers her beauty a weapon, not her self-worth.

* In social situations she's very well-put, suave, and cool.  She is not shy at all, but she prefers not to engage those that don't interest her.  She considers herself introverted, but is very ambiverted in action.

* As a child she was prone to arrogance and considering others below her, but it's also bc her family is part of the rich 1%, *and* they're magical.

* She's a strategic thinker, always examining situations to find their "best route" of action.  She's normally suspicious of intent.  But when it comes to her family and their values, she tends not to question them, choosing to trust her parents and their decisions.

* When she begins to question them, she's really stressed out because she finds some of the things they do morally inacceptable.

* Very agile. I was *convinced* she's either dom/aux Se but now I'm not sure. She is flexible and strong, and though she's very short, she understands how to bring down those twice her height. She is very world-oriented and doesn't daydream often, and can find N-doms perplexing or unrealistic.

* She has never put herself needlessly in danger.  She enjoys extreme sports but always checks for safety.

* Not very sentimental. When she reminisces, it's always as a way to review lessons she's learned, not to think back on Grand old times.

* She is better at doing the thing than telling others to do the thing.

* With friends and lovers, she's deep down pretty anxious about how they think of her, and she's low-key concerned about their well-being all the time.

* She is very hard on herself when she realizes she's upset someone she loves. (I can't pinpoint if she's Fe or Fi)

* As a child she was quite socially manipulative. Though her actions were harmless, it took her a while to realize the consequences of treating people like tools.  She didn't used to realize what poor people struggled through and once she understood social inequality, she was pretty appalled, and has become more careful abt her views of people ever since. But she doesn't go out of her way for social justice.

Possible retypes: actually ISTP, or ISTJ, ESTP? I'm so confused... she's pretty healthy but whenever I write her she jerks me on a chain. Her moral code develops like crazy over the story, which makes me even more confused.


**Valor**, originally an INFP but I'm *really* unsure. I think he's in a loop.

* Mellow and reserved and quite moral

* He owns a bar and enjoys talking to people.  He doesn't think ill of many people and finds life stories fascinating.

* He is a good manager of time and resources.  He orders (Te) things and people well. He enjoys executive work.

* When alarming things happen, he's slow to react.

* He enjoys luxurious things. Drapery, furniture, fabrics, foods, etc.

* He doesn't go out of his way to help people, but always offers it and delivers. He gets nervous when people become too emotionally dependent on him.

* He cares *deeply* about people he loves but is commitment avoidant. 

* I think he might have Si in top two but I'm not sure. Sexual trauma has made him very uncomfortable with his body.

* He's a social chameleon, but his favourite role to play is a charming and charismatic Casanova type. 

* However, he doesn't have innate Fe desire for harmony.  He thinks social pretenses are pretty annoying, but fun to manipulate bc he understands them.

* When people question his morals, he gets very cold and irritated.  

* He's good at negotiation but bad at confrontation. 

* He's not an idealist. Never has been. I thought he might be INFJ but he doesn't really seek grand truths, just stable everyday living.

* When he was younger, he was a very angry kid, stole stuff and did quite a few illegal things bc he was lashing out. He wasn't the type to bottle it up. Post-trauma, he is.

Possible retypes: ISFP? 


Ello, title is straightforward.  I'm a relatively outgoing INFJ.  I like being around people and I enjoy people in general.  I'm not very cynical and my viewpoints are quite humanitarian.  I'm told I'm a good listener, and a good advice-giver, and I always organize get-togethers for my friends.

But it's interesting because I grow tired very quickly when I'm out and about with other people.  I recharge just as quickly on my own, though.  I've had introverted friends who are like, surprised at how much I can socialize.  Majority of my friends are introverts so they tend to enjoy coming around me, where I can push them to have fun but *just* within comfort zone.  On the other hand I've had extroverted friends who have to slow down to keep with my slower socializing pace, but not in a bad way; I've had close extroverted friends who like to hang out with me because the hangouts are mellow.

Sometimes I'm mistaken for extroverted, and people are surprised when I "disappear" off the internet or off the radar for weeks at a time.  If you're an outgoing introvert, or a reserved extrovert, how do you feel like this has affected you?  How do people perceive you?  What are some challenges or interesting experiences you've had?  Thanks!

Edit: Look at *all dem ENxPs* in the comments hot damn y'all get the reigning title of shy extroverts ok

Double edit:  Yes, mbti attitude (E/I) does not affect someone's shyness.  This thread is meant to open interesting discussion about being one attitude, and acting socially as another (introverted MBTI, social person/extroverted MBTI, reserved person).  Me and my INTP best friend were joking around...... but then shit got real.

"What's the worse that could happen?"  

- Fi: I could do the worst possible emotional, physical, and moral damage to everyone with my choices.  I could get so traumatized by this thing that I'll never trust again.  I could be completely wrong about everything ever.  What if I'm actually a terrible person?? *oh god*

- Fe: I could lose all my security and positive relationships with my choices.  I could be socially outcasted and lose all my opportunities.  I could be causing pain and suffering to those I care about.  What if I'm already doing it without knowing it??? *oh god*

- Ti: -extremely intricate yet convoluted Rube Goldberg series of terrible consequential events that somehow always end up in a cow set on fire-

- Te: Nothing. 8)  Failure is *not allowed.*

- Si: Well, that last time when I screwed up royally, I... (insert flashback montage to the tune of *mmm watcha say*)

- Se: I could get injured??? but who cares LET'S GO

- Ni: -very specific unrealistic example of how Worse Happens, in excruciating projective detail, somehow also linked to some sort of larger philosophical ennui-

- Ne: *e v e r y t h i n g*

for fun.............. or so it was intended to be.
Curious.  This subreddit is constantly flooded with "type me" or "what type am I, really, though?" posts.  How many of you are certain you are the type you are, and what lead you to this certainty?

Me, I'm a 100% bonafide INFJ, though I say this with a solemn nod and apprehensive self-doubt at the same time.  The certainty kicks in when I question if I am any other type.  There is just a voice inside that casually says, "nah, you literally can't be that type.  you're an INFJ.  If you try to be any other type, you know you're just acting." And I'll quickly realize that I'm trying to doubt the truthfulness to my type, *just* to make sure I'm absolutely sure. What a conundrum.

I pretty much wade through life submerged Ni-Fe, and I've seen these two functions operate on an all-encompassing, daily basis in my life.  It's strange to me to see people constantly doubt their own types.  Not strange as in "unusual", but strange as in, should I worry about my own type more?  Is my certainty just arrogance, or legitimate?  Do you ever feel the need to question your own type, too, even *if* you are certain?  Anyways!  The question stands.For fun! :D but you have to give a logical reason why you'd switch back to your own type.

I'd switch into an ENFP just to see the shadow version of myself.  Then I'd switch back because I probably miss the steadier guidance of Ni.Imagine you're in a banquet hall. There is a lengthy table before you and food is about to be served.

You're a Ni dom.  You see that, suddenly, lots of food is being laid before you.  You may sample some of it.  You may see some dishes that look great and delicious, and you may see some awful dishes as well.  You analyze how the dishes are made, and often, you can even predict how the dish tastes before you even try it.  You can figure out how the flavour profiles are related to each other, and as the dinner goes on, you grow confident at your ability to "group" the dishes together.  At some point, you have had enough of sampling.  You may feel like you're getting full, or you may be oversensitized, or you may just not want to eat anymore.  You pass the time by observing the Ne dom eat.  The amount they can eat is a bit bewildering!  How can they keep going like that?  Then, you wait patiently for the dish you originally ordered to be served.  The spooky part is, you may not even *remember* ordering a dish, but you wait patiently until "your dish" shows up at the table, anyway.

You're a Ne dom.  When all the food is laid before you, you meticulously try a little bit of each dish as they come.  Even as you begin to recognize the patterns and flavour profiles of each dish, you ensure you try each one "just in case".  You are fascinated by how the dishes differ in the slightest.  As the dinner goes on, you begin to pick out which flavour profiles you prefer, and you begin to sample just the ones that you recognize as your "preferred" flavour.  You follow this chain of evolutionary tastes but still periodically sample the others, because they make your tongue tingle in a good way, and a bit of variation never hurt anyone.  It's hard for you to pick your "favourite" flavour but you have a few great contenders!  It boggles your mind that the Ni dom has stopped eating, because *why* would they stop when there's so many dishes to try?  It never occurs to you that you've ordered any of these dishes, but you're not complaining - free food!


---

My INTP best friend and I worked out this metaphor on the difference of Ni (paired with Se) and Ne (paired with Si) together, hope you enjoyed.  Got any metaphors of your own?I'm glad you're doing better friendMe mum is an ESTP.

It's great!

I actually do assume a mom role a lot, but I won't discredit how much my mother loves and provides for me. She's taught me how to be ambiverted and fun; we do clash on certain things, like how I'd prefer her to be more tactful when criticizing me or how she's frustrated with how apprehensive I am to try new things. But it's really nice because we never fundamentally disagree on anything, be it religion or politics or even opinions about people in our lives. I think having the same bag of functions is a great help, and we lean   *hard* on the Judging functions to get along. Esfj was their goal. Estp and estj are their types. It was rly funny bc there was a lot of emphasis on being like, present and engaged (se) while also being feminine and accommodating (Fe), so I'd say the closest is Esfj even with the si. There was noooooo Ni encouragement lmao, any of my sudden insights were mostly treated with skepticism and dismissed, but not always in a bad way. It sharpened me to be able to explain my wibbly wobbly Ni deductions in a concrete fashion!As someone with CPTSD and a sharp memory for sensory detail, I had a very brief stint trying to figure out if I was an isfj. But now I know better 😂Bruh I look like your INFJ exactly down to the part in my hair 😂Something to indulge in that inferior Se, like face masks/bath stuff, good aromatic food snacks etc, that sort of thingJokes on you, I'm out of school so I can do whatever I want!

... Which probably includes classes for fun that I'd need to study for. Shit.
i'm INXJ. i've scored T about as many times as i've scored F so i'm not sure what to think

anyway, i was not popular. i had a small group of friends and we were all deemed to be pretty weird in my small, mostly upper-class, suburban high school. i wasn't weird in the nerdy or tech-y sense, but in the 'skipping class to smoke cigs in the parking lot' kind of way. i didn't get invited to any parties. me and my friends spent our saturday nights getting drunk in the park. i was also really into going to local shows. i hung out with mostly older people/people not from my high school.  i got really good grades but everyone thought i was stupid. i honestly have no idea what my 'clique' would be labeled as, but i think people probably incorrectly categorized us as stoners, which was funny because most of the people i was friends with didn't even smoke weed (although i did). i was bullied in midde school, but became mostly invisible in high school. i didn't get involved in clubs or sports. i was happy to be out.INTJ/INFJ, not sure which.

being an artist is my dream job. graphic designer, musician, photographer, painter, whatever medium. i will never be one, but god, i am so jealous of all my friends who make a living making art.INxJ. The first two that immediately came to mind were Dexter and Cassie from Skins (UK). I know they're very different, but I resonated strongly with both for some odd reason that I can't fully explain.many people in the LiS sub have typed max as an INFP. makes sense!No matter what I'm drinking, where I'm drinking, who I'm drinking with; the drunker I get the more I tend to turn down. I get sleepy and quiet, sometimes I'll get the 'feels' but never beer tears or anything like that. I'd take naps at bars if they'd let me. Unsurprisingly, I tend to drink alone more than I drink with others.I necessarily wish I were another type, but I do admire ESFJ's and ENTJ's because they seem to come off as confident and assertive, and my lack of assertiveness is something that holds me back so much in life. Dude, yes. I'm third'ing this. It's weird, because INFJs and INFPs can be very similar in certain aspects, but like you both said - that Fi can bring out their worst. I tend to be hardcore frenemies with INFPs. We have similar interests and relate to each other in ways that I don't relate to a lot of others, but we bash heads pretty frequently and get into the WORST fights.I think 16personalities plays too much on stereotypes of roles certain types have rather than the actual typology itself, which really turns me off from it. You need to understand that it can actually be quite difficult to objectively introspect yourself because people are very much clouded by their own personal biases and distortions regarding who they actually are. When taking the MBTI, I caught myself stuck on some questions, unsure if my behaviors and thought processes were truly in line with some of the statements or if I just thought they were, or wanted them to be, in line with statements. I found myself thinking of hypothetical scenarios and past experiences and it actually became quite confusing and contradictory at times. A lot of people mistype themselves. I feel that it is easier to type other people because it's way easier for me to be objective. You can still have thorough understanding of the functions and how the MBTI works.

To put it in perspective, it is actually quite common for therapists to see therapists themselves. Some counseling facilities actually require this if you work there. Sometimes even therapists need an objective look on situations in their lives, their behaviors, their problems which they cannot provide for themselves because, as humans, we are biased by our feelings and assumptions, whereas someone else may be able to look at the situation and see things in a clearer light because they aren't. It provides new perspectives you would not have had otherwise. It doesn't invalidate their Ph.D's or expertise in clinical psychology, nor does it mean they are incompetent to do their job by any means.  Do you see what I'm getting at?

Anyway, in regards to your argument, there's a difference between 'not knowing the difference between Ni/Fe vs. Ne/Ti' and 'not knowing if YOU personally identify more with Ni/Fe vs. Ne/Ti'. Keywords: knowing YOU. Knowing YOU =/= Knowing the MBTI. People are so complex and it's difficult to take all of your experiences and thought processes and quantify that into a function. Understanding the functions and what they entail is the easy part. Understanding yourself, not so much.I always thought I hated working out and could never bring myself to do it, but then I realized I just hated gyms.

I'll go biking for hours down by the water, hiking in the woods, take a run around my neighborhood. It definitely clears my mind. It's meditative in a way. I also like being outside, going to beautiful spots. It's also nice to feel like I'm taking care of myself. It's not really for weight loss, moreso just being healthy and knowing I'm doing something good for my body. it's not accurate to type based ONLY off the big 5, especially since it's not testing specifically for the functions, but based off your results I'd guess EXTP.  According to results so far, more INFJ's are voting for Trump than any other candidate. I know there's no research linking political affiliation to MBTI type, but that is definitely not what I expected.Nope. Maybe early psychologists and sociologists. Today they're held to a pretty high standard and expected to follow the scientific method in research. 
&gt; https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/4qfn5v/how_to_type_yourself_using_cognitive_functions/

Interesting, thanks for the link! I will check this out.INFJ: Surprisingly, it's not the eyes. It's my skin color. "Wow, you're so tan! I wish I was tan like that. Do you burn?" and the answer to that is nope, I'm blessed. Biracial black/white.Hello! Lurker of this subreddit is finally making a thread.


After reading that typing requests are permitted, I wanted to see if this sub might be able to help me discover what my type actually is.


I have been in contact with another redditor who claims they are well versed in all things MBTI. In the course of just a few comments, they made a couple guesses based off of the way I type alone, and their conclusions were: ENFP, ESFP, or maybe INFP. Apparently I didn't pass the litmus test to be INFJ. This person hasn't settled on one yet, and frankly, I don't know that they ever will.


Cynicism aside, this caused me to question myself quite a bit. I do realize that the tests online aren't that great (tests like the ones on the sidebar - they seem like a good enough option though, without having to spend exorbitant amounts of money), but after taking John's personality test, I got about 31% INFJ, and close percentages in INFP and ISFP, which where in the 20 range, below INFJ. I did take the humanmetrics one about 3 years ago, where I scored INFJ. Some INFJ descriptions seem spot on, but I can't honestly say I agree that I am exactly the way INFJs are "supposed" to be.


I just want to be sure I'm reading the right subs, getting information that is relevant to me.


If you've read this far, thank you very much! I look forward to reading your feedback.
